<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>assetpurchaseagr.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED & RESTATED ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                  AMENDED AND RESTATED ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This AMENDED AND RESTATED ASSET  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  ("Agreement")  is
made and entered into as of the 31st day of December 2002, ("Effective Date") by
and between  HOME GOLD,  INC.,  a South  Carolina  corporation  ("Seller");  and
EMMCO,LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company ("Purchaser").  Seller and
Purchaser are sometimes  referred to individually as "Party" and collectively as
the "Parties."

                                    RECITALS

         A. The purpose of this Agreement is to substitute  Emmco, LLC for Emmco
Credit Corp, Inc. as Purchaser and to restate in amended form that certain Asset
Purchase  Agreement  dated  November  19, 2002  between  Seller and Emmco Credit
Corp.,  Inc. for the terms and conditions upon which Purchaser will purchase the
retail  mortgage  loan  origination  division  (the"Business")  of  Seller.  The
Business is sometimes  hereinafter  called "HGI". It is generally  described and
defined by Seller as follows:

         Seller is a South Carolina corporation. It is primarily in the business
of operating a retail mortgage loan origination  business.  That retail mortgage
loan origination business is operated separately and constitutes HGI. All of the
assets  (except for Excluded  Assets,  if any) of the Business are to be sold by
Seller to Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

         HGI  originates  mortgage  loans  secured  by  first  and  second  lien
mortgages (or deeds of trust).  Approximately  seventy-five percent (75%) of the
loans  are  to  subprime  borrowers.  The  average  loan  is  for  approximately
$80,000.00,  and the monthly  origination  volume currently is approximately $80
Million.

         HGI operates a number of retail loan origination  centers (seventeen at
the  present  time)  at  locations  noted  below.   HGI  generates  income  from
origination  fees, the sale of loans to third parties and interest income earned
during the  typically  short  period  during  which HGI holds the notes prior to
sale.

         HGI has  adopted and  implemented  a  marketing  plan to generate  loan
production. The marketing plan consists of the following:

                  1. HGI produces weekly direct mailings to potential borrowers.
         The mailing lists are compiled from data collected from various sources
         based  on  HGI's  experience  as to the  profiles  of the  most  likely
         borrowers.  Two and a half weeks after the mailing, each recipient of a
         mailer  is  called  by  a  telemarketer   to  follow  up  and  identify
         prospective  borrowers  from whom loan  applications  can be  obtained.
         Between 425 and 500 loan  applications  are generated  each day in this
         manner.  For some time, HGI was sending out 325,000 direct mailings per
         week, but in the last six months, that number has been cut in half with

<PAGE>
                                       2

         no  associated  loss in  applications.  Loan closings  attributable  to
         direct mailings result in approximately 45% of HGI's loan closings.

                  2. HGI solicits loans through the Internet, utilizing both its
         own website and Internet mortgage loan leads from a variety of sources.
         Loan  applications  through that source  result in  approximately  five
         percent (5%) of HGI's loan closing.

                  3. HGI does direct telemarketing  consisting of outbound calls
         and cold  calls  from  call  centers.  That  telemarketing  results  in
         approximately 50% of the loan closings.

         Presently,  HGI  has  seventeen  office  locations,  each of  which  is
equipped to solicit and accept home mortgage loans. Those locations are:

                                                        Office Has Been Open
                                                        --------------------
                   City/State                             Continuously Since
                   ----------                             ------------------

                   Columbia, S.C.                                       1998
                   Greenville, S.C.                                     1998
                   Cincinnati, OH                               October 2000
                   Phoenix, AZ                                    April 2001
                   San Antonio, TX                             November 2001
                   Huntington Valley, PA**                      January 2002
                   St. Louis, MO                               February 2002
                   Indianapolis, IN **                            March 2002
                   Oklahoma City, OK                              April 2002
                   Long Island, NY **                             April 2002
                   Nashville, TN                                  April 2002
                   Cleveland, OH  **                                May 2002
                   New Haven, CT  **                               May, 2002
                   Richmond, VA   **                               May, 2002
                   Sacramento, CA                                  May, 2002
                   Reed Avenue                                  August, 2002
                   Chicago, IL    **                         September, 2002

**  These  office  locations  will  not be  made a part  of the  Asset  Purchase
Agreement.

         B.  The  purpose  of this  Agreement  is to set  forth  the  terms  and
conditions upon which Seller has agreed to sell to Purchaser,  and Purchaser has
agreed to purchase,  such assets and assume  certain  specified  obligations  in
connection therewith, all as hereinafter set forth.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  FOR A VALUABLE  CONSIDERATION,  including  the mutual
agreements contained herein, the Parties do hereby agree as follows:

         1. DEFINITIONS. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or unless
the context  otherwise  requires,  the following terms, for all purposes of this
Agreement, shall have the following respective meanings hereinafter specified:


<PAGE>
                                       3

                  "AFFILIATE" means a Person, directly or indirectly,  under the
         control of, controlled by or under common control with another Person.

                  "ASSETS"  means all of the  property,  business  and assets of
         Seller existing and owned by Seller on the Closing Date and used solely
         in  the  Business  on the  Closing  Date,  and  shall  include  without
         limitation:

                           (i)  the  vehicles,  trade  fixtures,  machinery  and
                  equipment,  computers,  office  equipment and supplies,  other
                  supplies,   furniture,   parts  and  other  tangible  personal
                  property  owned or used solely in the conduct of the Business,
                  as set forth on Schedule 1(i), and any additions or accessions
                  thereto  or   substitutions   therefore  or  proceeds  thereof
                  (collectively the "Equipment");

                           (ii) to the extent  assignable,  all right, title and
                  interest of Seller under the written contracts, agreements and
                  understandings  related  solely to servicing the Equipment and
                  Intellectual  Property,  including  as set  forth on  Schedule
                  1(ii)   (collectively  the  "Contracts")   provided  that  the
                  obligations  of any such  Contracts to be assigned are limited
                  to obligations  accruing or occurring  after the Closing.  The
                  Contracts to be assigned to  Purchaser  and accepted by it are
                  expressly  limited to those Contracts  listed on said Schedule
                  1(ii);

                           (iii)   all  (A)  loan   production   processes   and
                  techniques,     research    and    development    information,
                  copyrightable works,  financial,  marketing and business data,
                  pricing and cost  information,  business and marketing  plans,
                  techniques,    procedures   and   studies,   customer   lists,
                  requirements  and other  information,  (B)  other  proprietary
                  rights  relating to any of the  foregoing  (including  without
                  limitation remedies against  infringements  thereof and rights
                  of  protection  of  interests  therein  under  the Laws of all
                  jurisdictions)   and  (C)  copies  and  tangible   embodiments
                  thereof,  in each  case only if used  solely  in the  Business
                  (collectively the "Intellectual Property");

                           (iv) all records,  invoices and other  documents  and
                  information  necessary to the  ownership of the Assets  and/or
                  operation  of the  Business  and used solely in the  Business,
                  whether  stored in or  readable or  accessible  by computer or
                  otherwise, including, without limitation; (A) all customer and
                  vendor purchase orders and invoices related to the Assets; (B)
                  all records,  correspondence  and  accountings  related to the
                  Business, all marketing and statistical information pertaining
                  to the retail mortgage loan  origination  programs  (including
                  the purchase,  administration,  collection practices and sales
                  thereof) of Seller and, to the extent in its possession at the
                  Closing,  of its  competitors  and customers for not less than
                  one (1) year  prior to the date  hereof  and bills of sale and
                  warranties   received  by  Seller  upon  its   acquisition  of
                  machinery  and  equipment of the Business  (collectively,  the
                  "Books and Records");

                           (v)  all  of  Seller's  right  and  interest  in  its
                  Pre-paid  marketing expense in the approximate  amount of $6.4
                  million;

                           (vi) all Broker Agreements as defined below;

<PAGE>
                                       4

                           (vii) all Seller's  capital stock in Surety Mortgage,
                  Inc.;

                           (viii) all  membership  interest of Seller in Provost
                  Montana, LLC;

                           (ix)  the  49%  membership   interest  of  Seller  in
                  Connected Information Services, Inc; and

                                     (ixi)  to  the  extent  transferable,   all
                  existing  telephone numbers now used solely in connection with
                  the Business  and all related  cable  and/or  telephone  lines
                  which may be required to utilize existing telephone lines with
                  such existing numbers.

                  "ASSUMED   LIABILITIES"  means  those  Liabilities  of  Seller
          assumed  at  Closing  by  Purchaser  and  which  are  limited  to  the
          Liabilities of Seller set forth on Schedule 1(a).

                  "BOOKS  AND   RECORDS"  has  the  meaning  set  forth  in  the
         definition of Assets.

                  "BROKER  AGREEMENTS" are all contracts between Seller and real
         estate  lenders  listed on Schedule  1(b)  attached  hereto and by this
         reference  made a part hereof who are  associated  with the Business in
         any way.

                  "BUSINESS" (also sometimes  referred to herein as "HGI") means
         the  business  as outlined in  Paragraph  A of  Recitals  and  includes
         expansions of the Business made by Purchaser after the Date of Closing.

                  "CLOSING"   means  the   consummation   of  the   transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement.

                  "CLOSING  DATE" means  December  31,  2002,  or any other date
         which the Parties  hereto  agree as being the date on which the Closing
         is to take place, subject to reasonable  adjournments  requested by any
         Party  hereto  in  order  to  satisfy  the  conditions  required  to be
         satisfied  by it,  or in order  for  conditions,  which  are not in the
         control of either Party, to be satisfied.

                  "CONTRACTS"  has the  meaning set forth in the  definition  of
         Assets.

                  "DEFAULT"  means an  event  of  default,  as  defined  in this
         Agreement,  or any event which,  with the passage of time or the giving
         of notice or both, would constitute an event of default or other breach
         under such document or instrument.

                  "EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS" means any agreement,  understanding or
         contract  with  any  Person  to which  Seller  is a party  relating  to
         employment, non-competition, management, agency or consulting.

                  "ENCUMBRANCES" means all claims,  mortgages,  pledges,  liens,
         encumbrances,  security interests and adverse interests of every nature
         whatsoever, but shall not mean Permitted Encumbrances.


<PAGE>
                                       5

                  "EQUIPMENT"  has the meanings set forth in the  definition  of
         Assets.

                  "ERISA" means the Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of
         1974, as amended.

                  "ERISA  AFFILIATE" means a corporation that is or was a member
         of a controlled group of corporations with Seller within the meaning of
         Section  4001(a) or (b) of ERISA or Section 414(b) of the Code, a trade
         or  business  (including  a sole  proprietorship,  partnership,  trust,
         estate,  limited liability company or corporation) that is under common
         control with Seller  within the meaning of Section  414(m) of the Code,
         or a trade or business  which,  together  with Seller,  is treated as a
         single employer under Section 414(o) of the Code.

                   "EXCLUDED ASSETS" means those assets listed in Schedule 1(c).

                  "GOVERNMENTAL  BODY"  means any  federal,  state,  provincial,
         municipal or other governmental department,  commission, board, bureau,
         authority, court, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign.

                  "INDEBTEDNESS"  means  with  respect  to any  Person,  (a) all
         obligations  of such  Person for  borrowed  money,  or with  respect to
         deposits  or  advances  of any kind  (including  amounts  by  reason of
         overdrafts and the face amount and all un-reimbursed  obligations under
         letters of credit),  (b) all  obligations  of such Person  evidenced by
         bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of
         such Person under conditional sale or other title retention  agreements
         relating to property  purchased by such Person,  (d) all obligations of
         such  Person  issued  or  assumed  as the  deferred  purchase  price of
         property or services  (other than  accounts  payable to  creditors  for
         goods and services  incurred in the ordinary  course of business),  (e)
         all  Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such
         Indebtedness  has an existing  right,  contingent or  otherwise,  to be
         secured  by) any  Encumbrance  on  property  owned or  acquired by such
         Person,  whether  or not the  obligations  secured  thereby  have  been
         assumed, (f) all obligations of such Person under leases required to be
         accounted  for as capital  leases under GAAP and (g) all  guarantees by
         such Person.

                  "INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY"  has the  meaning  set  forth  in the
         definition of Assets.

                  "KNOWLEDGE" means with respect to each party (i.e., Seller and
         Purchaser)  to the  knowledge  of any Person who had an actual  working
         relationship  with and/or  actual  knowledge  of the  Business  and the
         transactions/matters  to which such Knowledge applies or such knowledge
         as should have put such person on notice of any fact or claim.

                  "LAWS" means  statutes,  rules,  regulations and ordinances of
         any  Governmental  Body and the case law determined by appellate courts
         in applicable jurisdictions.

                  "LIABILITY"  or  "LIABILITIES"  means any  liability  (whether
         known or unknown,  whether asserted or unasserted,  whether absolute or
         contingent,  whether  accrued  or  un-accrued,  whether  liquidated  or

<PAGE>
                                       6

         unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including Indebtedness
         and liability for Taxes.

                  "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means a materially adverse effect on
         the business,  customers, assets, operations,  properties or condition,
         financial or  otherwise,  of the Person to which it refers,  taken as a
         whole,  other  than  changes  that may  affect  the  mortgage  industry
         generally.

                  "ORDER" means any order, writ, injunction,  decree,  judgment,
         award, determination, direction or demand of a Governmental Body.

                  "PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES" means Encumbrances that (i) arise out
         of Taxes not in default and payable  without penalty or interest or the
         validity  of which  is being  contested  in good  faith by  appropriate
         proceedings, (ii) are mechanics',  carriers', workers', repairmen's, or
         other  similar  liens that do not,  individually  or in the  aggregate,
         exceed $1,000.00,  (iii) do not have a Material Adverse Effect, or (iv)
         are scheduled on Schedule 1(d) attached hereto.

                  "PERSON"  means  any  natural  person,  corporation,   limited
         liability company, partnership, unincorporated association, firm, trust
         or other entity.

                  "SELLER'S PARENT" means HomeGold Financial, Inc.

                  "TAXES"  means  all  types of taxes  of any  kind,  including,
         without limitation,  income, franchise,  gross receipt, transfer, value
         added,  sales,  use, wage and/or  employment or  unemployment,  excise,
         disability,  real and personal  property,  superfund,  capital or other
         taxes,  levies,   imports,   duties,  license  and  registration  fees,
         assessments and governmental  charges of any nature whatsoever relating
         to or in lieu of any of the  foregoing,  together  with  any  interest,
         penalties, fines, assessments and deficiencies related thereto.

         2.  PURCHASE  PRICE.  The  "Purchase  Price"  shall be comprised of (i)
$150,000  cash at Closing,  (ii) a $35 million 8% cumulative  preferred  capital
interest in Purchaser (the "Preferred Capital Interest in Purchaser") during the
period set forth in Section 3 below, and (iii) a non-voting economic interest in
Purchaser during the period set forth in Section 3 below. The Preferred  Capital
Interest of Seller in Purchaser and the non-voting  economic  interest of Seller
in Purchaser  shall have the rights and  preferences  set forth in the Operating
Agreement of Purchaser, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

         3. DURATION  OF  SELLER'S  PREFERRED  CAPITAL INTEREST  AND  NON-VOTING
ECONOMIC INTEREST IN PURCHASER.  The non-voting  economic interest  of Seller in
Purchaser  shall  continue  until  the  aggregate  distributions  to Seller with
respect to such interest  equal  $170  million  or until the Business is sold by
Purchaser. In the event of a sale by Purchaser  of the Business, Purchaser shall
cause the agreement for the purchase and  sale  of the Business  to provide that
50% of the gross proceeds of  such  sale  shall  be  paid  by  the  buyer of the
Business from Purchaser  directly to Seller;  provided, however, that the sum of
the aggregate distributions  to  Seller  with respect to the non-voting economic
interest and the payment  of  sales  proceeds  to  Seller  shall not exceed $170
million. After distributions  to  Seller with respect to its non-voting economic
interest in Purchaser shall be equal to $170 million, the distributions formerly
applicable to the non-voting  economic  interest  shall  apply  to the Preferred

<PAGE>
                                       7

Capital Interest in Purchaser until Seller shall have received an additional $35
million together with accrued interest thereon. The Preferred  Capital  Interest
in Purchaser shall  also  be  entitled  to  a preference  in  the liquidation of
Purchaser until Seller shall have  received aggregate distributions with respect
to the Preferred  Capital  Interest  in  Purchaser  of  $35 million plus accrued
interest thereon.


         4,  PRE-CLOSING  COVENANTS,  MANAGEMENT  AND  ADMINISTRATION  OF SELLER
PENDING  CLOSING.  In order to complete the purchase of the Business  during the
period from the Effective  Date to the Closing Date, the parties agree to do the
following:

                  4.1  GENERAL.  Each of the Parties  will use its  commercially
         reasonable  efforts to take all action and to do all things  necessary,
         proper or  advisable  in order to  consummate  and make  effective  the
         transactions  contemplated by this Agreement  (including  satisfaction,
         but not waiver, of the closing  conditions set forth in Sections 10 and
         11 below).

                  4.2  NOTICES  AND  CONSENTS.  Seller  will give any notices to
         third parties and use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any
         third-party  consents  required by the  matters  referred to in Section
         5(b)  below.  Each of the  Parties  will give any  notices to, make any
         filings with, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any
         required  authorizations,   consents,  and  approvals  of  Governmental
         Bodies.

                  4.3  MANAGEMENT  OF  BUSINESS.  (a)  Upon  execution  of  this
         Agreement Ronald J. Sheppard, Chairman of the Board and CEO of Seller's
         Parent shall resign from the Board of Directors and from all offices in
         Seller or Seller's Affiliates. From the date this Agreement is executed
         until the  Closing,  Purchaser  is hereby given the right to manage the
         Business and direct its  operations,  utilizing  its business  offices,
         employees  and  the  Assets.   Purchaser  will  use  its   commercially
         reasonable  efforts to maintain the Business in the ordinary  course of
         such  business  and at not less  than the  level of  activity  existing
         during the third  quarter of the  calendar  year 2002.  Seller will pay
         Purchaser  management  fees  at the  rate  of  Fifty  Thousand  Dollars
         ($50,000.00)  per month from the  execution  of this  Agreement  to the
         Closing Date.  Purchaser will use  commercially  reasonable  efforts to
         maintain  normal  relations  with Seller's  customers  (i.e.,  brokers,
         investment  bankers,  and others who purchase and sell loans to, for or
         on behalf of,  Seller) up to the  Closing.  Purchaser  as manager  will
         cause Seller not to engage in any practice or undertake  any policy not
         in the ordinary course of business pending the Closing which would have
         the  effect of  reducing  the  volume of its  purchase  and/or  sale of
         mortgage loans of a quality  similar to (or better than) the quality of
         loans presently in the pipeline to be purchased and sold.

                           (b) To the extent  that  Seller has  Agreements  with
                  brokers and sales persons which are assignable at the Closing,
                  Purchaser will designate  which of such agreements it may wish
                  to assume. In respect to those Agreements, Seller will execute

<PAGE>
                                       8

                  a written  assignment  as of the Closing,  assigning  Seller's
                  interest in such contracts which will be assumed.

                  4.4      INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.

                  4.5 NOTICE OF DEVELOPMENTS. Each Party will give prompt notice
         to the other Party of any material adverse development causing a breach
         of any of its own representations and warranties in this Agreement.  No
         disclosure by any Party pursuant to this Section 4.5, however, shall be
         deemed to amend or  supplement  the  Schedules  hereto or to prevent or
         cure any such  misrepresentation,  breach  of  warranty  or  breach  of
         covenant that might  otherwise have existed  hereunder by reason of the
         development.

                  4.6  ADMINISTRATION OF PENDING LOAN PURCHASES AND SALES. Prior
         to the  Closing,  Seller will have  existing  executory  agreements  in
         relation to certain  mortgage loans.  In regard thereto,  the following
         understandings and allocations shall apply:

                           (A) FUNDED  LOANS.  All loans which have funded prior
                  to the Closing Date shall be the sole property of Seller,  and
                  all  rights  (including  the  rights  to  income  and  profits
                  therefrom) and all  obligations  related  thereto shall remain
                  with Seller.


                           (B)  UNFUNDED  LOANS.   Purchaser  shall  review  all
                  pending  loans  which are not likely to close and be funded by
                  the  Closing  Date.  Purchaser  shall  as soon  as  reasonably
                  practicable  notify Seller as to which of such loans Purchaser
                  desires to accept or reject the  assignment.  For  purposes of
                  completing  all  agreements  regarding  loans in the  pipeline
                  which Purchaser accepts, it may be necessary for the purchases
                  and/or  sales of such  loans  to  close in the name of  Seller
                  although   Purchaser  will  be   administering   the  closing.
                  Therefore,  for  valuable  consideration,  receipt of which is
                  hereby  acknowledged,  Seller hereby appoints Purchaser as its
                  attorney-in-fact  and in its  place,  name  and  stead  to (i)
                  complete  each such  purchase  or sale,  (ii)  enter  into and
                  execute as  attorney  in fact for Seller all  purchase  and/or
                  sales  agreements  and/or  amendments  thereto related to such
                  transactions  as have then been accepted by  Purchaser,  (iii)
                  enter into and  execute  any  agreements  with  third  parties
                  (including escrow holders,  financial institutions,  insurers,
                  government   agencies,   consultants,   inspectors,   brokers,
                  contractors,  accountants,  attorneys, engineers and the like)
                  as may be necessary to complete the respective  transaction(s)
                  and (iv) enter into and execute  agreements with any financial
                  institution(s)  in any manner deemed necessary to complete the
                  monetary   allocation(s)   of  funds  and  make  deposits  and
                  withdrawals in conjunction  therewith.  This power of attorney
                  herein granted is irrevocable and coupled with an interest and
                  survives the Closing of the transactions  contemplated by this
                  Agreement.

                  4.7  EXISTING   OFFICE  LEASES.   Presently,   Seller  is  the
         tenant/lessee of 8 office leases which will be assigned to Purchaser at
         the  Closing.  Those  leases are  generally  described  in Schedule 4.7
         attached  hereto  and by  this  reference  made a part  hereof.  At the
         Closing,  the  building  leases  to each of the  offices  described  on
         Schedule 4.7 will be assigned by Seller to Purchaser.  Therefore, prior

<PAGE>
                                       9

         to the Closing, Seller shall execute a standard form assignment of each
         of the Office  Leases to Purchaser  and obtain the  Landlord's  consent
         thereto (without changes to the respective  leases), or shall execute a
         sublease with Purchaser on substantially  the same terms and conditions
         as are contained in the respective office lease(s). All rents and other
         obligations  accruing  under each Lease  assigned to Purchaser  will be
         prorated as of the Closing Date.  Seller shall be  responsible  for all
         rents  and other  obligations  accruing  up to the  Closing  Date,  and
         Purchaser shall be responsible therefore after the Closing Date. Seller
         will cooperate with Purchaser and use commercially  reasonable  efforts
         in obtaining consents to assignments of all leases to be assigned.

                  4.8.  EQUIPMENT LEASES.  Attached hereto is Schedule 4.8 which
         sets forth a schedule of all of the equipment  leases to be assigned by
         Seller to  Purchaser  at the  Closing.  Upon the  Closing,  Seller will
         deliver to Purchaser an individual  assignment  of each such  equipment
         lease to be assigned,  together with the lessor's unconditional consent
         to such lease without any change in the lease's  terms.  The rent under
         any such equipment lease shall be prorated to the Closing Date.

                  4.9  ASSETS.  In  regard  to the  Assets  to be  purchased  by
         Purchaser at the Closing, the Parties agree to do the following:

                           (a) At the Closing,  Seller will deliver to Purchaser
                  a standard form bill of sale  conveying to Purchaser  title to
                  all of the  Equipment.  Title is to be conveyed free and clear
                  of any  Encumbrance  by any third party or by Seller or any of
                  Seller's Affiliates.

                           (b) At the Closing,  Seller will deliver to Purchaser
                  a standard form  assignment  conveying to Purchaser all right,
                  title and interest to all of the Intellectual  Property,  free
                  and clear of any Encumbrances  except the claim or lien of any
                  valid license  agreement.  (Said  assignment also will include
                  Seller's rights in all such license agreements, if any).

               4.10 SERVICE  CONTRACTS.  Seller has heretofore  entered into the
         Contracts as set forth on Schedule 1(ii). At the Closing, each Contract
         is to be assigned to Purchaser  (to the extent that it is  assignable),
         and any obligations to pay service charges  thereunder shall be accrued
         to the Closing. Seller shall be responsible for all charges accruing to
         the Closing and Purchaser shall be responsible for all charges accruing
         after  the  Closing.  The  Parties  understand  that  Purchaser  is not
         assuming,  and is not liable  for,  any  obligation,  activity or event
         related to any such Contract which accrues, arises or is incurred prior
         to the Closing.

                4.11  EMPLOYEES.  It is  anticipated  that  Purchaser will offer
         employment to certain present employees of the Business. Responsibility
         for all such  present  employees  of  Seller  as of the  Closing  is as
         follows:

                           (a) There is attached hereto marked Schedule  4.11(a)
                  a list of Seller's present employees to whom Purchaser intends
                  to tender an  employment  offers (said tender in each instance
                  to be  subject  to  the  closing  of  the  purchase  and  sale
                  contemplated  by this  Agreement and subject to such terms and

<PAGE>
                                       10

                  conditions as are acceptable to Purchaser).  Such  employment,
                  if it  commences,  will  commence  as  of  the  Closing  Date.
                  Purchaser  is to be  responsible  for each  such  employee  so
                  employed only after the Closing and only in respect to express
                  written  obligations  made by Purchaser  which accrue or occur
                  after the Closing.

                           (b)  Purchaser  assumes  no  obligation  accruing  or
                  occurring up to the Closing nor any obligation  arising out of
                  Seller's employment agreements with any employee. Thus, Seller
                  is to be responsible for all wages,  salaries,  employment and
                  unemployment taxes, workmen's compensation,  health insurance,
                  vacation pay, sick leave or allowance/pay,  and pension/profit
                  sharing  benefits (if any) up to the Closing in respect to all
                  employees, and Purchaser will have no responsibility therefor.
                  Purchaser's  obligations  will be  limited  to the  terms  and
                  conditions  of each new  employment  agreement it  consummates
                  with the  employees it elects to contract.  Additionally,  the
                  parties  understand  that Seller is not to be  responsible  or
                  liable  for  decisions  which  Purchaser  makes,  or may make,
                  regarding the  employment of (or refusal to employ) any one or
                  more of the persons  named on Schedule  4.11(a).  In the event
                  that  Purchaser  violates,  or  is  alleged  to  violate,  any
                  employment law applicable to the employment or  non-employment
                  of any such person(s) and Seller is made a party to any action
                  or  proceeding  as a result  thereof,  Purchaser  hereby holds
                  Seller  harmless  for any loss  pertaining  to said  action or
                  proceeding.

                           (c) Seller shall be  responsible  to pay for all sums
                  owing to all of its  employees  up to the Closing and shall be
                  responsible for severance benefits,  if any, owing to all such
                  employees.

                           (d) Except as set forth in Section 4.11(a), Purchaser
                  shall have no  responsibility  for any  Employees of Seller at
                  any time  (whether  before or after the  Closing)  where  such
                  employees  are  not  on  Schedule   4.11(a)  and  employed  by
                  Purchaser after the Closing.

                  4.12 PROVIDING INFORMATION. Seller agrees to make available to
         Purchaser in a timely manner at Seller's place of business in Columbia,
         South  Carolina,  and its other offices listed on Schedule 4.7 attached
         hereto during  normal  business  hours access to physically  review all
         documents, books of account, correspondence and other writings relating
         to the Business and reasonably requested by Purchaser.  Purchaser is to
         be provided  copies of any such  written  materials  it may  reasonably
         request which are reasonably related to this Agreement, the purchase of
         the Assets, Assumed Liabilities and the Business.

                  4.13 USE OF NAME.  The  Parties  understand  that Seller is to
         retain  exclusive  legal  rights  in all  states of the  United  States
         wherein  Seller  is,  or has  been,  doing  business  under  the  names
         "HomeGold,  Inc." and any other names which  Seller has utilized in the
         Business to use each and all such names.

                  4.14 OTHER  CONSENTS . At the Closing  Seller will  provide to
         Purchaser  the  following:  (i) a  certificate  from the  Secretary  of
         Carolina  Investors,  Inc.  certifying  that its Board of Directors has
         duly approved the transaction  herein set forth, and (ii) a certificate
         from the Secretary of Seller that Seller's  Board of Directors and sole

<PAGE>
                                       11

         shareholder (Seller's Parent) has duly approved the Agreement.  In each
         Certificate,  the  respective  Secretary  shall  include  the  specific
         resolution approved.


         5. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF SELLER.

         Seller hereby  represents,  warrants and covenants  that the statements
contained  in this  Section 5 are correct as of the date of this  Agreement  and
will be correct as of the Closing.

                  (A) ORGANIZATION.  Seller is a corporation duly  incorporated,
         validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the State of
         South Carolina.  Seller has all requisite power and authority to own or
         lease its properties and Assets in the Business in the manner now owned
         or leased,  to carry on the  Business as and where now being  conducted
         and  to  enter  into  this  Agreement,   and  perform  its  obligations
         hereunder.

                  (B)  ENFORCEABLE  OBLIGATION.  Except as set forth on Schedule
         5(b), the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all
         instruments and documents to be delivered by Seller hereunder,  (i) are
         within the power and  authority  of  Seller,  (ii) do not  require  the
         consent or approval of, or filing,  registration or qualification with,
         any  Governmental  Body or any other  Person  other  than as  otherwise
         provided herein, (iii) will not conflict with, result in the breach of,
         or  constitute  a  Default  under,  any of  the  terms,  conditions  or
         provisions of the Articles of Incorporation  or Bylaws of Seller,  (iv)
         will not violate any Laws or Orders of any Governmental  Body, (v) will
         not  conflict  with,  result in the breach of, or  constitute a Default
         under  any  material  indenture,   mortgage,   deed  of  trust,  lease,
         agreement,  contract,  license or other instrument to which Seller is a
         party or by which it or any of its  property is bound and (vi) will not
         result  in the  creation  or  imposition  of any  Encumbrance  upon any
         property of Seller,  other than as  contemplated  by this Agreement and
         the documents executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
         hereby, provided that if the loss arises as a result of a breach of any
         warranty in part (iv), (v) or (vi) hereof, there shall not be deemed to
         be a Default if the breach did not result in a Material Adverse Effect.
         This Agreement and the other agreements and other instruments  attached
         as  Exhibits  and  Schedules  hereto  to  which  Seller  or  any of its
         Affiliates  is a  signatory  have been duly  authorized,  executed  and
         delivered  by Seller  and/or its  Affiliate(s)  as the case may be, and
         constitute  the legal,  valid and binding  obligations of Seller and/or
         its Affiliate(s), enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as
         (A)  such  enforcement  may be  limited  by  the  laws  of  bankruptcy,
         insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium,  or other  similar laws which
         affect the  enforceability  of  creditors'  rights  generally,  and (B)
         general  equitable  principles  and  general  standards  of  commercial
         reasonableness whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

                  (C) QUALIFICATION;  LOCATION OF BUSINESS AND ASSETS. Seller is
         duly  qualified  and in good  standing as a foreign  corporation,  duly
         authorized  to do  business  in the  jurisdictions  in which it has its
         offices.



<PAGE>
                                       12

                  (D) TITLE TO ASSETS; CONDITION; POSSESSION UNDER LEASE.

                           (i) As of the  Closing,  Seller  will  have  good and
                  valid title to all of the Assets  except those  disposed of in
                  the  ordinary  course of  business  after  this  Agreement  is
                  executed but before the Closing;  and none of such  properties
                  or Assets is  subject  to any  Encumbrance,  except  Permitted
                  Encumbrances.

                           (ii) The Assets are in good order and proper  repair,
                  except for (A) minor  items of  Equipment  which will  require
                  replacement or repair in the ordinary course of business,  the
                  temporary  lack of use of which  will not  materially  disrupt
                  normal production, (B) minor defects which do not interfere in
                  a  material  way  with  the  continued  use  thereof;  and (c)
                  reasonable wear and tear.

                           (iii)  Each  lease or  license of an Asset is a valid
                  and existing  obligation  and, except as set forth in Schedule
                  5(b),  enforceable  in  accordance  with its terms and, to the
                  knowledge  of  Seller,  fully  transferable  to  Purchaser  at
                  Closing.

                           (iv) Except as set forth on Schedule 5(d)-1, no third
                  Person owns or has any rights in any Asset.

                  (E)      LITIGATION; OBSERVANCE OF LAWS.

                           (i) LITIGATION.  Except as set forth on Schedule 5(e)
                  hereto,  there is no litigation,  at law or in equity,  or any
                  proceeding  before any  Governmental  Body or any  arbitration
                  pending, or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against or
                  relating  to the  Assets or the  Business,  which is likely to
                  involve any material  risk of any  judgment or  Liability  not
                  covered by insurance,  which, if adversely decided, would have
                  a  Material  Adverse  Effect,  or which  seeks to  enjoin  the
                  consummation  of, or  questions  the  validity  of, any of the
                  transactions  contemplated hereby, or which would question the
                  validity  or   enforceability   or  impair  the   validity  or
                  enforceability  of or the  ability  of Seller to  perform  its
                  obligations under this Agreement or any agreement contemplated
                  hereby,  and no Order of any  Governmental  Body or arbitrator
                  has been issued  against or binds  Seller  which has, or could
                  have, a Material Adverse Effect or the Business or the Assets.

                           (ii) GOVERNMENTAL ORDER VIOLATIONS.  Seller is not in
                  violation  or  Default  with  respect  to  any  Order  of  any
                  arbitrator or Governmental Body relating to the Business where
                  such violation or Default is likely to have a Material Adverse
                  Effect on any of the Assets or Assumed Liabilities, and to the
                  Knowledge  of  Seller,  there  is no  basis  for  there  to be
                  declared any such violation or Default.

                           (iii)  VIOLATIONS  OF LAWS.  To  Seller's  Knowledge,
                  Seller  is  not  in  violation  of any  Laws  relating  to the
                  Business (including, without limitation,  environmental laws),
                  the violations of which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

                           (iv)  EFFECT  OF  AGREEMENT.  The  execution  of this
                  Agreement,  the transfer of the Business to Purchaser, and the
                  operation of the  Business by  Purchaser  after the Closing is

<PAGE>
                                       13

                  not in violation  of any  agreement to which Seller is a party
                  (or will be a party at the Closing)  and which is  transferred
                  to Purchaser at the Closing.

                  (F)  LICENSES,   PERMITS,   ETC.  Seller  possesses   adequate
         Licenses,  to conduct the Business  substantially as now and heretofore
         conducted,  and, to the  Knowledge of Seller,  except as otherwise  set
         forth on Schedule 5(f) hereto,  without any conflict with the rights of
         others in any such license, except where such conflict would not have a
         Material Adverse Effect. Except for matters previously remedied, Seller
         has no Knowledge of any termination, revocation or limitation of, or of
         the pendency or threatened commencement of any proceeding to terminate,
         revoke or limit any such licenses, by the Governmental Body issuing the
         same.

                  (G) ERISA  COMPLIANCE.  For  purposes of this section the term
         Plan means each pension,  profit  sharing,  thrift or other  retirement
         plan,  employee stock  ownership  plan,  deferred  compensation,  stock
         option,  stock purchase,  performance  share,  bonus or other incentive
         plan, severance plan, health, group insurance or other welfare plan, or
         other  similar  plan,  agreement,  policy or  understanding,  including
         without  limitation,  any "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of
         Section 3(3) of ERISA,  under which Seller or any ERISA  Affiliate  has
         any  current  or future  obligation  or  Liability  or under  which any
         employee  of Seller or any ERISA  Affiliate  has any  current or future
         right to benefits.  Each such Plan shall remain the sole responsibility
         of Seller after the Closing,  and Seller hereby warrants and represents
         that Purchaser shall have no  responsibility  therefore nor be required
         to assume the same.

                  (H) DEALINGS WITH OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS. Except
         as set forth on Schedule 5(h), to the knowledge of Seller,  no officer,
         director  or  shareholder  of  Seller,  or any  Affiliate  of any  such
         officer, director or shareholder (each, a "Related Party"), (i) has any
         interest  in any  Assets  (iii) has  loaned to or  borrowed  funds from
         Seller which relates to the Assets in the Business,  which funds remain
         outstanding  or (iv) has any  contractual  or other  claim,  express or
         implied,  of  any  kind  whatsoever  against  Seller's  Assets  or  the
         Business.

                  (I) COMPLIANCE. Except as set for in Schedule 5(i), Seller has
         obtained  all  permits,  licenses  and other  authorizations  which are
         required by any  applicable  laws  ("Laws")  related  solely to (i) its
         method of  operation  and (ii) the loans in the pipeline at the Closing
         which are assigned to Purchaser.

                  (J)  EMPLOYMENT   AGREEMENTS.   Other  than  those  Employment
         Agreements  related to those  Persons  listed on Schedule  5(j) to this
         Agreement,  there are no Employment Agreements between Seller and those
         employees of Seller listed on Schedule  4.11(a) that are not terminable
         at will without cause.


                  (K)  LABOR  DISPUTES.  There  is  neither  pending  nor to the
         knowledge  of  Seller,  threatened  any labor  dispute,  strike or work
         stoppage  involving  employees  of Seller  which  affects  or which may

<PAGE>
                                       14

         affect its  Business.  To the  knowledge of Seller,  there are no union
         organization  efforts  relating  to  employees  of the  Business or any
         representation   question   involving   recognition   as  a  collective
         bargaining  agent  for any  employees  of the  Business.  There  is not
         pending  or, to the  Knowledge  of  Seller,  threatened  any  charge or
         complaint  against Seller by the National Labor  Relations Board or any
         representative  thereof which relates to the Business.  There have been
         no  strikes,  walkouts or work  stoppages  involving  employees  of the
         Business in the last five years.

                  (L) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

                           (i) To  Seller's  knowledge,  Seller  owns or has the
                  right to use all  Intellectual  Property  used  solely  in the
                  operation  of  its  Business.   Seller  has  taken  reasonable
                  measures  to protect  the  proprietary  nature of each item of
                  Intellectual  Property  used  solely  in its  Business  and to
                  maintain in  confidence  all trade  secrets  and  confidential
                  information  that  it owns or  uses  in  connection  with  its
                  Business.  To the  knowledge of Seller no other Person has any
                  rights to any of the  Intellectual  Property  used in Seller's
                  Business (except pursuant to agreements or licenses  specified
                  in  Schedule  5(l)-(1),  and, no other  Person is  infringing,
                  violating or misappropriating any of the Intellectual Property
                  used in Seller's Business.

                           (ii)  The  Business,  operations  and  activities  of
                  Seller's  Business as  presently  conducted or as conducted at
                  any time  within  the  three  years  prior to the date of this
                  Agreement,  have not infringed or violated,  or  constituted a
                  misappropriation  of, and do not now  infringe or violate,  or
                  constitute a  misappropriation  of, any Intellectual  Property
                  rights of any other Person.  Seller has received no complaint,
                  claim or notice alleging any such  infringement,  violation or
                  misappropriation.

                           (iii)  Schedule  5(l)-2  identifies  each  copyright,
                  trademark or trade name registration  which has been issued to
                  or is  owned  by  Seller  with  respect  to  any  Intellectual
                  Property  solely  used  in,  relating  to or  arising  out  of
                  Seller's  Business;  identifies  each pending  patent,  domain
                  name,  trade name or trademark  application  for  registration
                  which Seller has made or which Seller owns with respect to any
                  Intellectual  Property used solely in,  relating to or arising
                  out of Seller's  Business;  identifies,  with  respect to each
                  such patent, domain name, trade name or trademark registration
                  or application,  the jurisdiction or jurisdictions  where such
                  filings  have been made and  identifies  each license or other
                  agreement  pursuant to which Seller has granted any rights to,
                  or has been granted any rights by, a third Person with respect
                  to any such Intellectual  Property.  Seller has made available
                  to Purchaser  correct and complete copies of all such licenses
                  and  agreements (as amended to date) and has made available to
                  Purchaser  correct and  complete  copies of all other  written
                  documentation  evidencing  ownership  of,  and any  claims  or
                  disputes  relating to, each such item,  as well as all patents
                  and trademark registrations and applications.

                  (M) BOOKS OF ACCOUNT;  AUDITS AND  INVESTIGATIONS.  Seller has
         made available to Purchaser all responses to auditors'  inquiry letters
         received  in the past three  years,  if  available,  and all letters to

<PAGE>
                                       15

         Seller from the  auditors  during such period  related to the  Business
         and/or any related activity.

                  (N)  DISCLAIMER OF OTHER  REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES NOT
         CONTAINED IN THE  AGREEMENT;  KNOWLEDGE.  Seller does not make, and has
         not made, any  representations  or warranties  relating to Seller,  the
         Assets,   or  the  Business,   or  otherwise  in  connection  with  the
         transactions   contemplated  hereby,  or  any  agreements  attached  as
         Exhibits hereto and the transactions  contemplated thereby,  other than
         those  expressly  set forth  herein.  No Person has been  authorized by
         Seller to make any  representation or warranty relating to Seller,  the
         Business or the Assets or otherwise in connection with the transactions
         contemplated  hereby and, if made, such representation or warranty must
         not be  relied  upon as having  been  authorized  hereunder.  Moreover,
         certain disclosures made herein are for informational purposes only and
         are not intended to signify materiality.


         6.  REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF PURCHASER.  Purchaser
represents,  warrants and covenants to Seller that the  statements  contained in
this  Section 6 are correct and  complete as of the date of this  Agreement  and
shall be correct and complete as of the Closing.

                  (A)  ORGANIZATION  AND  AUTHORIZATION.  Purchaser is a limited
         liability  company  duly  organized  and validly  existing  and in good
         standing under the laws of South  Carolina and has all requisite  power
         and  authority  to  enter  into  this   Agreement  and  the  agreements
         contemplated hereunder and to consummate the transactions  contemplated
         hereby.

                  (B)  TRANSACTIONS   ARE  LEGAL  AND  AUTHORIZED;   ENFORCEABLE
         OBLIGATION.  The execution,  delivery and performance of this Agreement
         and all other  instruments and documents  contemplated  hereunder to be
         executed by the Purchaser and the  compliance  with all the  provisions
         hereof and thereof  are within the power and  authority  of  Purchaser.
         This Agreement and the other agreements and other instruments  attached
         as Exhibits and Schedules hereto to which Purchaser is a signatory have
         been duly  authorized,  executed and delivered by Purchaser as the case
         may be, and  constitute  the legal,  valid and binding  obligations  of
         Purchaser,  enforceable in accordance  with their terms,  except as (A)
         such enforcement may be limited by the laws of bankruptcy,  insolvency,
         reorganization,  moratorium,  or other  similar  laws which  affect the
         enforceability  of  creditors'   rights  generally,   and  (B)  general
         equitable    principles    and   general    standards   of   commercial
         reasonableness.

                  (C) POWER AND AUTHORITY RELATIVE TO TRANSACTION. Purchaser has
         full  corporate  power and authority and has taken all required  action
         necessary  to permit it to  execute  and  deliver  and to carry out the
         terms of this Agreement and all other documents or instruments required
         or contemplated hereby and none of such actions will materially violate
         any law, rule,  statute or ordinance  applicable to Purchaser,  violate
         any provisions of Purchaser's  Certificate or Articles of Incorporation
         or  Bylaws,  as  amended,  or  result  in any  breach  of any  material
         agreement,  instrument, order or judgment to which Purchaser is a party
         or by which its assets may be bound.


<PAGE>
                                       16

                  (D) SELLER'S  PREFERRED CAPITAL INTEREST AND ECONOMIC INTEREST
         IN PURCHASER.  The Preferred  Capital Interest and economic interest in
         Purchaser represented in Purchaser's Operating Agreement have been duly
         authorized, validly issued, and constitute valid interests in Purchaser
         enforceable in accordance with the terms of said Operating Agreement.

           7. CLOSING.  The Closing shall take place at the offices of Purchaser
on Closing Date, or at such other place as the Parties may mutually  agree.  The
address  of  Purchaser  is 113 Reed  Ave.,  Lexington,  SC.  All  documents  and
consideration shall be exchanged between the parties on that date.

         8.   CLOSING AND POST-CLOSING COVENANTS.  The Parties  agree as follows
with respect to the Closing and the period thereafter:

                           (a) COOPERATION. Seller will cooperate with Purchaser
                  in regard to loans that are in the  pipeline as of the Closing
                  and as more particularly set forth in subpart 4.6(b) above. In
                  conjunction  therewith,  unless Purchaser rejects a particular
                  transaction at or prior to the Closing as set forth in subpart
                  4.6(b),  Seller will  deliver to  Purchaser at the Closing all
                  documents  required after the Closing to complete any purchase
                  and/or sale and will allow  Purchaser to close the transaction
                  in Seller's name after the Closing.  In such event,  Seller is
                  to be  reimbursed  at the  close  of the  respective  purchase
                  and/or  sale for any moneys  advanced  by Seller to the seller
                  and/or  purchaser  of the  mortgage  loans  as a  part  of the
                  purchase and/or sales price.  The remaining net cash recovery,
                  if any, from the respective  purchase and/or sale is allocated
                  to, and the property of, Purchaser.

                           (b) LICENSING. If requested by Purchaser, Seller will
                  continue to provide  licensing  to Purchaser as a dba (or will
                  allow  loans to be closed  in its name and using its  licenses
                  with  appropriate  controls  to protect  Seller) for up to 180
                  days  after  the  Closing  Date  while  Purchaser  and  Seller
                  complete the transfer of the loan  pipeline of unfunded  loans
                  of Seller which Purchaser elects to accept.

                           (c)      EMPLOYEE MATTERS.

                                    (i)  OFFER  OF  EMPLOYMENT.  On the  Closing
                           Date,   Purchaser   will  offer   employment  to  the
                           employees  of Seller  listed on  Schedule  4.11(a) on
                           terms and  conditions  determined by Purchaser in its
                           sole  discretion.  All employees of Seller  accepting
                           Purchaser's offers of employment shall be employed on
                           an "at will" basis including  those employees  listed
                           on both  Schedule  4.11(a)  and  Schedule  5(j).  The
                           parties understand that if an employee listed on both
                           Schedules  is offered  employment  by  Purchaser  and
                           accepts  such  employment,   his  or  her  employment
                           contract  listed on Schedule  5(j) will be terminated
                           concurrently with the Closing.


                                    (ii) EMPLOYEE FILES. To the extent permitted
                           by law and to the  extent  that  releases  have  been
                           obtained  from the  employee,  on the  Closing  Date,
                           Seller  shall  deliver to a designee  of  Purchaser a
                           copy of all historical  personnel and medical records
                           of each of  Seller's  employees  listed  on  Schedule
                           4.11(a),  including,  but not limited to,  employment

<PAGE>
                                       17

                           agreements,     confidentiality     and    noncompete
                           agreements,   employment   applications,   corrective
                           action  reports,  disciplinary  reports,  notices  of
                           transfer,  notices of  salary/wage  changes and other
                           similar documents.

                            (d) TAX  COOPERATION.  After Closing,  Purchaser and
                  Seller shall  cooperate and exchange  information  relating to
                  the  acquired  Assets as is necessary in (A) filing any return
                  or report  for  Taxes,  amended  return  or claim  for  refund
                  (herein "Tax Returns"), (B) determining any Tax liability or a
                  right to refund of Taxes,  (C)  conducting  any audit or other
                  proceeding in respect of Taxes, or (D)  effectuating the terms
                  of this Agreement  related to Taxes. Any information  obtained
                  shall  be  kept  confidential   except  as  may  be  otherwise
                  necessary   in   connection   with   filing  any  Tax  Return,
                  determining  any Tax  liability  or right to the refund of any
                  Taxes,  or in  conducting  or  defending  any  audit  or other
                  proceeding in respect of Taxes.

                           (e) TRANSITION.  Seller will not take any action that
                  is designed or intended to have the effect of discouraging any
                  lessor,  licensor,   customer,  supplier,  or  other  business
                  associate of Seller from creating a business relationship with
                  Purchaser  after the  Closing.  Seller will refer all customer
                  inquiries relating to the Business of Seller to Purchaser from
                  and after the Closing.

                           (f)  LIMITATION  ON  RIGHT  TO  SELL  THE   BUSINESS.
                  Purchaser hereby  agrees  that  it  will  not  enter  into   a
                  consolidation  or  merger, a share  exchange,  a  sale,  lease
                  exchange,  or  transfer  of  all  or  substantially   all   of
                  Purchaser's  assets unless  Earn-out  payments  and   proceeds
                  to Seller from such a transaction, together with  satisfaction
                  of  Seller's  Preferred  Capital Interest in Purchaser will be
                  equal to $205  million  plus  all  accrued  interest  on  such
                  Preferred Capital Interest in Purchaser.

                            (g)  GENERAL.  In case at any time after the Closing
                  any further  action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
                  purposes of this Agreement, each of the Parties will take such
                  further  action  (including the execution and delivery of such
                  further   instruments   and  documents)  as  the  other  Party
                  reasonably  may  request,  all at the sole cost and expense of
                  the requesting  Party (unless the requesting Party is entitled
                  to  indemnification  therefor under Section 13 below).  On the
                  Closing Date or as soon after as practicable,  and in no event
                  later than ten days after the Closing Date,  Seller shall make
                  available  to  Purchaser  all  original   Books  and  Records,
                  agreements  and  documents  in  its  files  pertaining  to the
                  Equipment  and  Assumed  Liabilities  except  that  Seller may
                  retain copies of any tax returns and copies of other Books and
                  Records related thereto to the extent reasonably necessary for
                  the   preparation  of  tax  returns  of  Seller,   and,  where
                  necessary,  to document the closing  financial  statements  of
                  Seller  and any  representations  or  warranties  provided  by
                  Seller under this  Agreement,  provided  that Seller agrees to
                  keep  such  information  confidential  except  to  the  extent
                  disclosure is required by law.

                           (h) FURTHER ASSURANCES.  At the Closing and from time
                  to time  after the  Closing,  at the  request of any Party and
                  without further consideration,  the other Party shall promptly

<PAGE>
                                       18

                  execute and deliver such certificates and other instruments of
                  sale, conveyance, assignment and transfer, and take such other
                  action,  as may  reasonably  be requested to more  effectively
                  confirm (i) any right  obtained by Purchaser  hereunder,  (ii)
                  any obligation  expressly assumed by Purchaser  herein,  (iii)
                  the  ownership  of any Asset  and (iv)  placing  Purchaser  in
                  possession  of the Assets at no expense to  Purchaser.  To the
                  extent that any  consents,  waivers or approvals  necessary to
                  effectively  transfer  Seller's rights to contracts or avoid a
                  default  thereunder  are not  obtained  prior to the  Closing,
                  Seller shall use its commercially  reasonable  efforts to: (A)
                  provide  to  Purchaser,  at  the  request  of  Purchaser,  the
                  benefits  of any such  Asset,  and hold the same in trust  for
                  Purchaser;   (B)  cooperate  in  any   reasonable  and  lawful
                  arrangement approved by Purchaser which is designed to provide
                  such  benefits to Purchaser;  and (C) enforce and perform,  at
                  the request of Purchaser and for the account of Purchaser, any
                  rights or  obligations  of Seller  arising from any such Asset
                  against or in respect of any third person, including the right
                  to elect to terminate any contract,  arrangement  or agreement
                  in  accordance  with the  terms  thereof  upon the  advice  of
                  Purchaser.

         9. TAX  INDEMNIFICATION.  Pursuant  to the  provisions  of Section  13,
Seller shall  indemnify and hold harmless  Purchaser and its Affiliates from and
against all Taxes of Seller  attributable  to its Assets or  operations  for any
taxable  year or period  ending on or before the  Closing  Date,  including  any
sales,  use or  other  excise  Tax  arising  as a  result  of  the  transactions
contemplated  by this  Agreement.  Purchaser  shall  indemnify and hold harmless
Seller from and against any and all Taxes  attributable  to the Business for any
period  beginning  after the Closing Date.  The Parties agree that the liability
for all ad valorem Taxes with respect to the Assets through the Closing shall be
allocated to Seller.  Additionally,  Seller shall  indemnify  Ronald J. Sheppard
from and  against  any  unexpected  adverse  tax  consequences  arising out of a
determination  by the  Internal  Revenue  Service  that Ronald J.  Sheppard  has
received   taxable  income  upon  the   consummation   of  this  Asset  Purchase
transaction.

         10. CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF PURCHASER.  The obligation of Purchaser
to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  herein in  connection  with the
Closing is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions:

                  (A) the  representations and warranties set forth in Section 5
         above shall be true and correct in all  material  respects at and as of
         the Closing Date;

                  (B) Seller shall have  performed  and complied with all of its
         covenants hereunder in all material respects through the Closing;

                  (C) Seller shall have procured all of the third party consents
         listed  in  Schedule  5(b);   provided  that  Purchaser  (in  its  sole
         discretion)  may  elect to waive  the  failure  to  obtain  one or more
         consents. Seller shall have received all authorizations,  consents, and
         approvals of  Governmental  Bodies  specified on Schedule  5(b), all on
         terms reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser;

                  (D) no action,  suit, or proceeding shall be pending or to the
         Knowledge of Seller,  threatened  before any court or quasi-judicial or
         administrative  agency of any federal,  state or local  jurisdiction or

<PAGE>
                                       19

         before any  arbitrator  wherein an  unfavorable  injunction,  judgment,
         order, decree,  ruling, or charge would (i) prevent consummation of any
         of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  (ii) cause any of
         the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  to  be  rescinded
         following  consummation,  or (iii)  affect  adversely  the right of the
         Purchaser to own the Assets and conduct the Business  after the Closing
         Date;

                  (E) Seller  shall have  delivered  to  Purchaser  certificates
         dated as of the Closing Date certifying (i) that attached  thereto is a
         true and complete copy of the Articles of  Incorporation  of Seller and
         all  amendments  thereto,  (ii)  that  attached  thereto  is a true and
         complete copy of the bylaws of Seller and all amendments thereto, (iii)
         that Seller has satisfied  each of the closing  conditions set forth in
         Sections  10(a)-(d) of this  Agreement,  (iv) as to the  incumbency and
         genuineness  of the signature of each officer of Seller  executing this
         Agreement or any of the other documents contemplated hereby, and (v) of
         the Secretaries required by Section 4.14;

                  (F) Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser such documents as
         are contemplated by Section 4 hereof;

                  (G) At least 80% of the employees  listed on Schedule  4.11(a)
         shall have entered into employment arrangements with Purchaser on terms
         reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser; and

                  (H)  Purchaser  shall have entered into an assignment of the 8
         leases (or such portion  thereof it accepts) for the Real Property from
         which the Business  presently is  conducted,  pursuant to standard form
         assignments  or obtained  subleases  as set forth in Section 4.7 above.
         Notwithstanding  the above,  if the  landlord(s)  is unwilling to enter
         into an assignment,  Seller,  if permitted by the landlord,  will enter
         into  a  sublease   agreement  on  substantially  the  same  terms  and
         conditions  as  the  lease.  Nothing  herein  contained  shall  prevent
         Purchaser from  rejecting any lease without  further  consideration  to
         Seller.  Purchaser may waive any condition specified in this Section 10
         if it executes a writing so stating at or prior to the Closing.

                  (I) Seller  shall have  loaned $5  million to R-DOC,  LLC,  an
         affiliate  of  Purchaser,  and shall have  caused  property at 113 Reed
         Avenue in Lexington,  South  Carolina and property known as the Klapman
         at West Columbia,  SC be transferred to R-DOC,  LLC in consideration of
         $3,444,679.71.  In consideration of such loan and such transfer, R-DOC,
         LLC shall  deliver  to Seller at  Closing  its  promissory  note in the
         amount of  $8,444,679.71  payable  in 60 equal  quarterly  payments  of
         principle  and  interest  at 7  1/2  %  per  annum  in  the  amount  of
         $234,849.66  (the  "R-DOC  Note")  which  note  shall be  secured  by a
         security  interest  in all assets of R-DOC,  LLC (the  "R-DOC  Security
         Agreement").

         11.  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION  OF SELLER.  The  obligation of Seller to
consummate the transactions  contemplated  herein in connection with the Closing
is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions:


<PAGE>
                                       20

                  (A) The  representations and warranties set forth in Section 6
         above shall be true and correct in all  material  respects at and as of
         the Closing Date;

                  (B)  Purchaser  shall have  performed and complied with all of
         its covenants hereunder in all material respects through the Closing;

                  (C) Purchaser  shall have accepted the lease  assignments  and
         sublease(s) or other documents contemplated by Section 4 hereof;

                  (D) Purchaser  shall have delivered to Seller an executed copy
         of the  Operating  Agreement of Purchaser  in form  attached  hereto as
         Exhibit A;

                  (E)  Purchaser  shall have  delivered to Seller the R-DOC Note
         and the R-DOC Security Agreement in form and substance  satisfactory to
         Seller and its counsel;

                  (F)  Ronald  J.   Sheppard   shall  have   entered   into  the
         Stockholders Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.;

                  (G) Ronald J.  Sheppard  shall have resigned as a director and
         from all other offices of Seller,  Seller's  Parent and any  affiliates
         thereof; and

                  (h) Seller's  Parent shall have received an opinion from Smith
         Capital,  Inc. of Charlotte,  NC that the transactions  contemplated by
         this  Agreement  are  fair  from  a  financial  point  of  view  to the
         shareholders of Seller's Parent.

                  Seller may waive any condition specified in this Section 11 if
         it executes a writing so stating at or prior to the Closing.

         12.  SIMULTANEOUS  TRANSACTIONS.  All transactions to be effected under
this  Agreement  at the  Closing  shall be deemed  to occur in the order  herein
specified, if any, but shall occur nearly simultaneously and no such transaction
shall be deemed to have occurred unless all such transactions have occurred. All
documents  required  to be  delivered  at the  Closing  by any Party  hereunder,
including this  Agreement,  shall be delivered at (or prior to) the Closing.  No
such  document  shall be  released  therefrom  until  all  documents  have  been
delivered at the Closing, whereupon all shall be deemed released together.

         13.  INDEMNIFICATION.

                  (A)  INDEMNIFICATION  BY SELLER.  Subject  to  Section  13(d),
         Seller shall  indemnify and hold harmless  Purchaser  from and against,
         the entirety of any costs, fees, Liabilities,  Taxes, charges,  claims,
         expenses  and  damages,  including  reasonable  legal fees and expenses
         (both those  incurred in connection  with the defense or prosecution of
         the  indemnifiable  claim and those  incurred  in  connection  with the
         enforcement of this provision) and reasonable  costs of  investigation,
         actually  incurred or as and  actually  paid by Purchaser or any of its
         respective  subsidiaries  or  Affiliates,  or  any  of  its  respective
         officers, directors or employees (collectively,  "Purchaser Losses") as
         a result of:

                           (i) the purchase,  ownership,  use,  distribution  or
                  other  transfer  related to the assets  retained  by Seller or
                  liabilities other than the Assumed Liabilities;


<PAGE>
                                       21

                           (ii) any and all actions, suits, proceedings,  claims
                  or  demands   incident  to  any  of  the   foregoing  or  such
                  indemnifications.

                  (B)  INDEMNIFICATION  BY PURCHASER.  Subject to Section 13(d),
         Purchaser  agrees to  indemnify  and hold  harmless the Seller from and
         against,  without  duplication,  all costs, fees,  Liabilities,  Taxes,
         charges, claims, expenses and damages,  including reasonable legal fees
         and expenses  (both those  incurred in  connection  with the defense or
         prosecution of the indemnifiable claim and those incurred in connection
         with  the  enforcement  of this  provision)  and  reasonable  costs  of
         investigation,  as and  actually  incurred or as and  actually  paid by
         Seller (collectively, "Seller Losses") as a result of:

                           (i) any  misrepresentation  contained in or breach of
                  or  failure  to perform  any of  Purchaser's  representations,
                  warranties, covenants or agreements contained herein or in any
                  agreement,   certification,   schedule,   exhibit  or  writing
                  delivered by it pursuant hereto, or in connection herewith;

                           (ii) any and all actions, suits, proceedings,  claims
                  or  demands   incident  to  any  of  the   foregoing  or  such
                  indemnifications.

                  Purchaser   Losses  and  Seller   Losses   are   referred   to
         collectively as "Losses."  Purchaser Covered Actions and Seller Covered
         Actions are referred to collectively as "Covered Actions."

                  (C)      LOSS INDEMNITY PROCEDURE.

                           (i) Upon  learning of the  commencement  of a Covered
                  Action or the actual  receipt by the Party claiming a right of
                  indemnification   (the  "Indemnified  Party")  of  information
                  relating to the purported  existence of facts or circumstances
                  which could result in the  commencement of a Covered Action or
                  other   incurrence  of  Loss,  the  Indemnified   Party  shall
                  promptly,  but no  later  than  ten (10)  working  days  after
                  learning of such commencement or receipt,  give written notice
                  thereof,  with  reasonable  specificity  of the  facts as then
                  known,  to the Party or  Parties  having  the  indemnification
                  obligation (the "Indemnifying Party" without regard to number)
                  provided,  however,  failure to give timely  notice  shall not
                  release the  Indemnifying  Party of its obligations  hereunder
                  except, and only, to the extent the Indemnifying Party suffers
                  actual prejudice as a proximate result of such failure.

                           (ii) The  Indemnifying  Party shall have the right to
                  assume  the  defense  of any'  such  Covered  Action by giving
                  written notice (the  "Assumption  Notice") to the  Indemnified
                  Party  within  ten (10)  working  days  after  notice is given
                  pursuant to Subsection  (c)(i) above,  which Assumption Notice
                  shall state that (A) it agrees  that the  claimant is entitled
                  to indemnification  hereunder and that any resulting Loss is a
                  Purchaser Loss or a Seller Loss, as the case may be, for which
                  it is or they are  liable;  and (B) it agrees  to  assume  the
                  defense  thereof in the name and on behalf of the  Indemnified
                  Party with counsel reasonably  satisfactory to the Indemnified
                  Party,  in either  event at the sole cost and  expense  of the
                  Indemnifying Party; provided,  however, (1) all such costs and

<PAGE>
                                       22

                  expenses  of  the  foregoing  counsel,  if  not  paid  by  the
                  Indemnifying  Party and instead paid by the Indemnified  Party
                  shall be Losses  indemnifiable by the Indemnifying Party under
                  Section 13(a) or (b), as the case may be, (2) the  Indemnified
                  Party,  notwithstanding  the timely  delivery of an Assumption
                  Notice, may participate in such Covered Action through counsel
                  separately selected and paid for by the Indemnified Party, and
                  (3) if no Assumption  Notice is timely  given,  or despite the
                  giving of the Assumption  Notice the defendants in any Covered
                  Action include both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
                  Party,  and  the  Indemnified   Party  shall  have  reasonably
                  concluded  that there may be legal  defenses  available  to it
                  which are different  from or additional to those  available to
                  the Indemnifying  Party, or if there is a conflict of interest
                  which would prevent  counsel for the  Indemnifying  Party from
                  also representing the Indemnified Party, the Indemnified Party
                  shall have the right to select one separate counsel to conduct
                  the defense of such  action on its behalf,  and all such costs
                  and expenses shall be paid by the  Indemnifying  Party and, if
                  paid by the Indemnified  Party,  shall be Losses under Section
                  13(a) or (b),  as the case may be. The  Indemnified  Party may
                  take such  action with  respect to a Covered  Action as it may
                  deem appropriate to protect against further damage or default,
                  including  obtaining  an  extension  of  time  to  answer  the
                  complaint or other pleading or filing an answer thereto.

                           (iii) Where Seller is the Indemnifying  Party, Seller
                  shall not  consent to the entry of any  judgment or enter into
                  any settlement without the prior written consent of Purchaser,
                  which shall not be  unreasonably  withheld  or delayed.  Where
                  Purchaser  is the  Indemnifying  Party,  Purchaser  shall  not
                  consent  to the  entry  of any  judgment  or  enter  into  any
                  settlement without the written consent of Seller,  which shall
                  not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

        (D)       CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. The liability of Seller and Purchaser for
                  claims under this Agreement shall be limited by the following:


                           (i) The amount of Losses otherwise  recoverable under
                  this  Section  13 shall be  reduced to the extent to which any
                  Federal,  state, local or foreign tax liabilities of Seller or
                  Purchaser,   as  applicable,   or  any  of  their   respective
                  Affiliates,  is  decreased by reason of any Loss in respect of
                  which  such  Seller  or  Purchaser,  as  applicable,  shall be
                  entitled  to  indemnity  under  this  Agreement  (taking  into
                  consideration  any income or gain for tax  purposes  resulting
                  from the indemnity payment).

                           (ii) Any payment  required under this Section 13 paid
                  to the  Purchaser  or  Seller,  as the case  may be,  shall be
                  treated by Purchaser and Seller as a further adjustment of the
                  Purchase Price.


                           (iii)  No Loss  shall be  recoverable  by  Seller  or
                  Purchaser  pursuant to this  Agreement,  and no claim therefor
                  shall be asserted for any purpose whatsoever  hereunder,  with

<PAGE>
                                       23

                  respect to any matter or matters  unless the aggregate  amount
                  thereof equals at least $50,000.

                           (iv) No Losses shall be  recoverable  by a Party with
                  respect to any matter  which is covered by  insurance,  to the
                  extent  proceeds  of  such  insurance  or  other  third  party
                  indemnitor are paid or payable.

     (E) REMEDIES.  The sole and exclusive remedies of both Purchaser and Seller
         hereunder or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated
         by this Agreement shall be the remedies set forth in this Section 13.

     14. CONFIDENTIALITY; PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. No  Party hereto shall issue any
press release or announcement, or make any reference  to the  Closing  or to the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  to any  third  Person  prior to the  Closing
without the prior  written  consent of the other Party hereto except as required
by  applicable  law.  Both Parties  shall  coordinate  the  announcement  of the
Closing, as to both the manner and content thereof.

     15.  TERMINATION; OPTION TO TERMINATE.

                  (A)  TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.  The Parties may terminate this
          Agreement as provided below:

                           (i) Purchaser and Seller may terminate this Agreement
                  by mutual written consent at any time prior to the Closing;

                           (ii) Purchaser may terminate this Agreement by giving
                  written  notice to Seller at any time prior to the Closing (A)
                  in  the  event  Seller  or  any  Affiliate  has  breached  any
                  representation,   warranty,  or  covenant  contained  in  this
                  Agreement  in any material  respect,  provided  Purchaser  has
                  notified  Seller of the breach,  and the breach has  continued
                  without cure for a period of five (5) business  days after the
                  notice of breach or (B) if the Closing shall not have occurred
                  on or before  December 31,  2002,  by reason of the failure of
                  any condition  precedent  under Section 10 hereof  (unless the
                  failure  results   primarily  from  Purchaser   breaching  any
                  representation,   warranty,  or  covenant  contained  in  this
                  Agreement); and

                           (iii) Seller may terminate  this  Agreement by giving
                  written  notice to  Purchaser at any time prior to the Closing
                  (A)  in  the  event   Purchaser   has  breached  any  material
                  representation,   warranty,  or  covenant  contained  in  this
                  Agreement  in any  material  respect  provided  the Seller has
                  notified  the  Purchaser  of the  breach,  and the  breach has
                  continued  without cure for a period of five (5) business days
                  after the  notice of  breach or (B) if the  Closing  shall not
                  have occurred on or before December 31, 2002, by reason of the
                  failure of any  condition  precedent  under  Section 11 hereof
                  (unless  the  failure  results  primarily  from  Seller or any
                  Affiliate breaching any representation,  warranty, or covenant
                  contained in this Agreement).
<PAGE>
                                       24

     16.  INTERMEDIARIES. No  broker  or  finder  has  been  involved  in   this
transaction. Therefore, each party  warrants and represents to the other that no
broker's or finder's fee has been incurred as a result of the  activities of the
respective party hereto making the warranty.

     17.  NOTICES.

                  (A) All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
         writing and shall be given by delivery  in person,  facsimile  or other
         standard  form  of  telecommunications,  by  overnight  courier,  or by
         registered or certified mail,  return receipt  requested to the Parties
         at their respective addresses set forth below, with copies as follows:



IF TO PURCHASER:                    EMMCO, LLC
                                    113 Reed Avenue
                                    Lexington, SC 29072
                                    Tel: (___)_________________
                                    Fax: (___)_________________
                                    E-Mail:____________________

WITH COPY TO:                       ___________________________
                                    ___________________________
                                    Tel: (   )_________________
                                    Fax: (   )_________________
                                    E-Mail:____________________

                                    ATTORNEYS FOR PURCHASER

IF TO SELLER:                       HOME GOLD, INC.
                                    1021 Briargate Circle
                                    Columbia, S.C. 29021
                                    Tel: (   )_________________
                                    Fax: (   )_________________
                                    E-Mail:____________________



WITH A COPY TO:                     Wyche, Burgess, Freeman & Parham
                                    44 E. Camperdown Way
                                    P.O. Box 728 (29602-0728)
                                    Greenville, SC 29601
                                    Attention: William W. Kehl, Esq.
                                    Tel: (864)242-8206
                                    Fax: (864)235-8900
                                    E-Mail: wkehl@wyche.com
                                    ATTORNEYS FOR SELLER


<PAGE>
                                       25

         Notice  given  by  mail   (registered  or  certified,   return  receipt
requested)  shall be deemed given three (3) business days after deposit with the
United  States  Postal  Service;  notice  given by  facsimile  after  receipt of
telecopied  confirmation  thereof;  notice given by overnight  courier  shall be
deemed  given one business  day after  delivery  into the custody and control of
such overnight  courier service for next day delivery;  and notice  delivered in
person shall be deemed given on the business day of such delivery.

                  (B) Any Party  hereto  may  change  the  address  to which any
         notice or other communication shall be given by a notice to such effect
         complying with this Section 17(a).

     18. MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (A) RIGHTS CONFINED TO PARTIES.  Nothing  expressed or implied
         herein is intended or shall be  construed to confer upon or give to any
         Person,  other than the Parties  hereto,  and their  respective  heirs,
         executors,   administrators,   successors   and  assigns  as  permitted
         hereunder,  any  right,  remedy,  or claim  under or by  reason of this
         Agreement or of any term,  covenant,  or condition hereto,  and all the
         terms, covenants, conditions, promises, and agreements contained herein
         shall be for the sole and exclusive  benefit of the Parties  hereto and
         their successors and assigns as permitted hereunder.  There is no third
         party beneficiary of this Agreement.

                  (B)  SURVIVAL.   Except  as  otherwise  specifically  provided
         herein, all representations, warranties, covenants and agreements shall
         survive the Closing, regardless of any inspection or discovery, whether
         by reason of due diligence or otherwise,  for a period of one year from
         Closing,  except  that  representations,   warranties,   covenants  and
         agreements  with  respect  to  the  authorization,  enforceability  and
         validity of the execution and  performance of this  Agreement  (Section
         5(b) and 6(b)) shall survive for the maximum duration of the applicable
         statute of limitations. Claims for indemnification or claims in respect
         of anticipated  Losses which are made during the  appropriate  survival
         period shall survive termination of such periods.

                  (C)  ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  This  Agreement,  together  with  the
         Exhibits and Schedules annexed hereto,  and the agreements entered into
         in accordance with the terms hereof and contemplated hereby, constitute
         the entire understanding between the Parties hereto with respect to the
         subject  matter  hereof and  thereof  and  supersede  any and all prior
         agreements  between  the  Parties  hereto  with  respect to the subject
         matter hereof and thereof

                  (D)  ASSIGNMENT.  This  Agreement is not  assignable by either
         Party hereto and any purported assignment shall be null and void and of
         no effect.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may (i) assign any
         or all of its  rights  and  interests  hereunder  to one or more of its
         Affiliates  and (ii) designate one or more of its Affiliates to perform
         its  obligations  hereunder  (in any or all of  which  cases  Purchaser
         nonetheless  shall  remain  primarily  responsible  for the payment and
         performance of all of its obligations hereunder).

                  (E)  SEVERABILITY.  Any provision of this  Agreement  which is
         prohibited or unenforceable  in any  jurisdiction  shall not affect the

<PAGE>
                                       26

         validity or  enforceability of any other provision in such jurisdiction
         or the  validity  or  enforceability  of such  provision  in any  other
         jurisdiction.

                  (F) EFFECT OF  HEADINGS.  The  Article,  Section,  Subsection,
         Exhibit  and  Schedule  headings  contained  herein or therein  are for
         convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

                  (G) GOVERNING LAW. The provisions of this  Agreement,  and all
         the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder,  shall be governed
         by and  construed  in  accordance  with the laws of the  State of South
         Carolina  applicable  to  agreements  made and to be  performed  wholly
         within such State,  without  giving effect to any choice or conflict of
         law  provision  that  would  cause the  application  of the laws of any
         jurisdiction other than the State of South Carolina..

                  (H)  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple
         counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all
         such counterparts shall constitute but one instrument.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


<PAGE>
                                       27

                  (I)  EXPENSES.  Each party  shall bear the  respective  legal,
         accounting  and other costs and expenses of any nature,  relating to or
         in  connection   with  the   negotiation  of  this  Agreement  and  the
         consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby, incurred by each
         of them, whether or not this Agreement is consummated or terminated.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement or
caused same to be executed by their respective officers or other representatives
thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.

HOME GOLD , INC.
a South Carolina corporation


By: /s/ Forrest Ferrell
    -----------------------------------
      President

By: /s/ Karen A. Miller
    -----------------------------------
Type Name:  Karen A. Miller
Title:  Secretary


EMMCO, LLC
 a South Carolina limited liability company


By: /s/ Ronald Sheppard
    -----------------------------------
Type Name: Ronald Sheppard
Title:  Manager


         Emmco Credit Corp., Inc. hereby assigns to Emmco, LLC all of its right,
title  and  interest in that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated November 19,
2002 between  HomeGold, Inc. and Emmco Credit Corp., Inc. and hereby consents to
the substitution of Emmco, LLC as the purchaser under said agreement in place of
Emmco Credit Corp., Inc.

  EMMCO CREDIT CORP, INC.
a South Carolina corporation


By: /s/ Ronald Sheppard
    -----------------------------------
Type Name: Ronald J. Sheppard
Title:  Manager

List of Exhibits

Exhibit A         Operating Agreement of Emmco, LLC
Exhibit B         Stockholders Agreement


<PAGE>
                                       28

List of Schedules

Schedule 1(i)              Equipment

Schedule 1(ii)             Contracts

Schedule 1(a)              Assumed Liabilities

Schedule 1(b)              Broker Agreements

Schedule 1(c)              Excluded Assets

Schedule 1(d)              Permitted Encumbrances

Schedule 4.7               Office Leases

Schedule 4.8               Equipment Leases

Schedule 4.11(a)           Employees of Seller to be Employed by Purchaser

Schedule 5(b)              Exceptions as to Enforceability

Schedule 5(d)-1            Third Party Rights in Assets

Schedule 5(e)              Litigation

Schedule 5(f)              Exceptions to Licensing and Permits

Schedule 5(h)              Exceptions to Dealings with Officers, Directors and
                           Stockholders

Schedule 5(i)              Exceptions as to Compliance

Schedule 5(j)              Certain Employments not Terminable at Will

Schedule 5(l)-(1)          Third Party Rights in Seller's IP

Schedule 5(l)-(2)          Copyrights, Trade Names, Trademarks and Patents





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
