 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   EXHIBIT
2.1  ================================================================================           
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    among    DLI Holding Corp.,    DLI
Acquisition Corp.    and    Del Laboratories, Inc.    Dated as of
July 1,
2004           ================================================================================     
TABLE OF CONTENTS    ARTICLE I THE
MERGER.....................................................   SECTION 1.01.
The Merger................................................  SECTION 1.02.
Closing...................................................  SECTION 1.03.
Effective Time............................................  SECTION 1.04.
Effects of the Merger.....................................  SECTION 1.05.
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws..................  SECTION 1.06.
Directors.................................................  SECTION 1.07.
Officers..................................................  ARTICLE II
EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE  CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS;
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.............   SECTION 2.01. Effect on Capital
Stock...................................  SECTION 2.02. Exchange of
Certificates..................................  ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY..................   SECTION 3.01.
Organization..............................................  SECTION 3.02.
Capitalization............................................  SECTION 3.03.
Authority.................................................  SECTION 3.04.
Consents and Approvals; No Violations.....................  SECTION 3.05. SEC
Reports and Financial Statements......................  SECTION 3.06. Absence
of Certain Changes or Events......................  SECTION 3.07. No
Undisclosed Liabilities................................  SECTION 3.08.
Information Supplied......................................  SECTION 3.09.
Benefit Plans.............................................  SECTION 3.10.
Litigation................................................  SECTION 3.11.
Compliance with Applicable Law............................  SECTION 3.12. Tax
Matters...............................................  SECTION 3.13. State
Takeover Statutes...................................  SECTION 3.14. Brokers;
Fees and Expenses................................  SECTION 3.15. Opinion of
Financial Advisor..............................  SECTION 3.16. Intellectual
Property.....................................  SECTION 3.17. Labor Relations
and Employment............................  SECTION 3.18. Change of
Control.........................................  SECTION 3.19. Environmental
Matters.....................................  SECTION 3.20. Material
Contracts........................................  SECTION 3.21.
Property..................................................  SECTION 3.22.
Insurance.................................................  SECTION 3.23. No
Other Representations and Warranties...................  ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB...............   SECTION
4.01. Organization..............................................  SECTION
4.02. Authority.................................................  SECTION
4.03. Consents and Approvals; No Violations.....................  SECTION
4.04. Information Supplied......................................  SECTION
4.05. Interim Operations of Sub.................................  SECTION
4.06. Financing.................................................  SECTION
4.07. Brokers...................................................  ARTICLE V
COVENANTS......................................................   SECTION
5.01. Conduct of Business of the Company........................  SECTION
5.02. No Solicitation...........................................  SECTION
5.03. Other Actions.............................................  SECTION
5.04. Notice of Certain Events..................................  SECTION
5.05. Confidentiality...........................................  ARTICLE VI
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS..........................................   SECTION
6.01. Proxy Statement; Stockholders\' Meeting....................  SECTION
6.02. Access to Information.....................................  SECTION
6.03. Reasonable Best Efforts...................................  SECTION
6.04. Options...................................................  SECTION
6.05. Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance.......  SECTION
6.06. Employees.................................................  SECTION
6.07. Transfer Taxes............................................  SECTION
6.08. Calculation of Section 280(G) Excise Taxes and 
Cutbacks..................................................  SECTION 6.09.
State Takeover Laws.......................................  SECTION 6.10.
Financing.................................................  ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS.....................................................   SECTION
7.01. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the 
Merger....................................................  SECTION 7.02.
Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub...............  SECTION 7.03.
Conditions to Obligations of the Company..................  ARTICLE VIII
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER..............................   SECTION
8.01. Termination...............................................  SECTION
8.02. Effect of Termination.....................................  SECTION
8.03. Amendment.................................................  SECTION
8.04. Extension; Waiver.........................................  ARTICLE IX
MISCELLANEOUS..................................................   SECTION
9.01. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.............  SECTION
9.02. Assumption of Obligations.................................  SECTION
9.03. Notices...................................................  SECTION
9.04. Interpretation............................................  SECTION
9.05. Counterparts..............................................  SECTION
9.06. Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries...............  SECTION
9.07. Governing Law.............................................  SECTION
9.08. Publicity.................................................  SECTION
9.09. Assignment................................................  SECTION
9.10. Enforcement...............................................  SECTION
9.11. Fees and Expenses.........................................     THIS
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") dated as of July 1, 2004, is
among DLI Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), DLI Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
("Sub"), and Del Laboratories, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company").   WHEREAS, the respective boards of directors of each of
Parent, Sub and the Company have approved and declared advisable this
Agreement and the merger of Sub with and into the Company on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (the "Merger") and have
determined that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are fair to, and in the best interest of, their respective
stockholders.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, Parent, Sub and the Company hereby agree as follows:  
ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   SECTION 1.01 The Merger. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with
the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), Sub shall be merged with
and into the Company at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.03).
Following the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Sub shall
cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation") and shall succeed to and assume all the rights and
obligations of Sub in accordance with the DGCL.   SECTION 1.02 Closing. The
closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m. (New York
City time) on a date to be specified by the parties, which shall be no later
than the second business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
set forth in Article VII (the "Closing Date"), at the offices of Cadwalader,
Wickersham and Taft LLP, 100 Maiden Lane, New York, New York 10038, unless
another date, time or place is agreed to in writing by the parties
hereto.   SECTION 1.03 Effective Time. Subject to the provisions of
this Agreement, as soon as practicable on or after the Closing Date, the
parties shall file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a
certificate of merger or other appropriate documents as provided in Section
251 of the DGCL (in any such case, the "Certificate of Merger") executed in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL and shall make all other
filings or recordings required under the DGCL to effectuate the Merger. The
Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is
duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such
other time as Sub and the Company shall agree should be specified in the
Certificate of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being
hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Time").   SECTION 1.04 Effects of
the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL.  
SECTION 1.05 Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws. (a) The certificate of
incorporation of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable
law.   (b) The by-laws of the Company as in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation,
until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable
law.   SECTION 1.06. Directors. From and after the Effective Time,
the directors of Sub shall become the directors of the Surviving Corporation
and shall serve on the Surviving Corporation\'s board of directors, until
their respective successors are duly elected and qualified.   SECTION 1.07.
Officers. The officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of
their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly
elected or appointed or qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation
or removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of
the Surviving Corporation.   ARTICLE II   EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE
CAPITAL STOCK OF THE  CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES  
SECTION 2.01. Effect on Capital Stock. As of the Effective Time, by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of
Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of Sub:   (a) Capital
Stock of Sub. Each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of Sub shall
be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common
stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Surviving Corporation.   (b)
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent Owned Stock. Each share of Company
Common Stock that is owned by the Company and each share of Company Common
Stock that is owned by Parent, Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent shall
automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   (c) Conversion of
Company Common Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding (other than shares of Company Common Stock to be canceled in
accordance with Section 2.01(b) and any Dissenting Shares (as hereinafter
defined)) shall be converted into the right to receive $35.00 in cash,
without interest (the "Merger Consideration"). As of the Effective Time, all
such shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of a certificate representing any such shares of Company Common
Stock shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right
to receive the Merger Consideration, without interest upon surrender of such
certificate in accordance with, or as otherwise contemplated by, Section
2.02.   (d) Shares of Dissenting Stockholders. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, any issued and outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock held by a person (a "Dissenting Stockholder") who
complies with all the provisions of Delaware law concerning the right of
holders of Company Common Stock to dissent from the Merger and require
appraisal of their shares of Company Common Stock ("Dissenting Shares") shall
not be converted as described in Section 2.01(c) but shall become the right
to receive such consideration as may be determined to be due to such
Dissenting Stockholder pursuant to the laws of the State of Delaware. If,
after the Effective Time, such Dissenting Stockholder withdraws his demand
for appraisal or fails to perfect or otherwise loses his right of appraisal,
in any case pursuant to the DGCL, his shares of Company Common Stock shall be
deemed to be converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive the
Merger Consideration, without interest. The Company shall give Parent (i)
prompt notice of any written demands for appraisal of shares of Company
Common Stock received by the Company and (ii) the opportunity to participate
in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such demands. The
Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent, make any
payment with respect to, or settle, offer to settle or otherwise negotiate,
any such demands.   (e) Withholding Tax. Parent and the Surviving
Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of
Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time such
amounts as may be required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the
making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the "Code"), or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the
extent that amounts are so withheld, such withheld amounts shall be treated
for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the
shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made.   SECTION
2.02. Exchange of Certificates.   (a) Paying Agent. Prior to the Effective
Time, Parent shall designate a federally insured bank or trust company
reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as paying agent in the Merger
(the "Paying Agent"), and, upon the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or
cause the Surviving Corporation to deposit with the Paying Agent, funds in
amounts necessary for the payment of the Merger Consideration upon surrender
of certificates representing shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to
Section 2.01 (it being understood that any and all interest earned on funds
made available to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall be turned
over to Parent).   (b) Exchange Procedure. As soon as reasonably practicable
after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each
holder of record of a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to
the Effective Time represented shares of Company Common Stock (the
"Certificates"), (i) a letter of transmittal in a form mutually agreed upon
by Parent and the Surviving Corporation, which shall specify that delivery
shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass,
only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for
cancellation to the Paying Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be
appointed by Parent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed,
and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Paying Agent,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall pay or cause to be paid, within
three business days of receipt thereof (but in no event prior to the
Effective Time), to the holder of such Certificate in exchange therefor the
amount of cash into which the shares of Company Common Stock theretofore
represented by such Certificate shall have been converted pursuant to Section
2.01, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the
event of a transfer of ownership of shares of Company Common Stock that is
not registered in the transfer records of the Company, payment may be made
to a person other than the person in whose name the Certificate so
surrendered is registered, if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or
otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the person requesting such
payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
payment to a person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or
establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that such tax has
been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this
Section 2.02, each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the
Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the
amount of cash, without interest, into which the shares of Company Common
Stock theretofore represented by such Certificate shall have been converted
pursuant to Section 2.01. No interest will be paid or will accrue on the cash
payable upon the surrender of any Certificate.   (c) No Further Ownership
Rights in Company Common Stock. All cash paid upon the surrender of
Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.02 shall be
deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the
shares of Company Common Stock theretofore represented by such Certificates.
At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be
closed, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock
transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common
Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If,
after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the
Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent for any reason, they shall be
canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article II.   (d) Termination of
Fund; No Liability. At any time following twelve months after the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent
to deliver to it any funds (including any interest received with respect
thereto) which had been made available to the Paying Agent and which have not
been disbursed to holders of Certificates, and thereafter such holders shall
be entitled to look to the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned
property, escheat or other similar laws) only as general creditors thereof
with respect to the Merger Consideration payable upon due surrender of their
Certificates, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, neither the Surviving Corporation nor the Paying Agent shall be
liable to any holder of a Certificate for Merger Consideration delivered to a
public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar law. If any Certificate shall not have been surrendered prior to five
years after the Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on
which any cash in respect of such Certificate would otherwise escheat to or
become the property of any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 3.04)),
any such cash in respect of such Certificate shall, to the extent permitted
by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and
clear of all claims or interest of any person previously entitled
thereto.   (e) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been
lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by
the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if
required by Parent, the posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable
amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent shall deliver
in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the applicable
Merger Consideration with respect thereto.   (f) Adjustments to Prevent
Dilution. In the event that prior to the Effective Time, solely as a result
of a reclassification, stock split (including a reverse stock split), stock
dividend or stock distribution which in any such event is made on a pro rata
basis to all holders, there is a change in the number of shares of Company
Common Stock outstanding or issuable upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of securities or rights convertible or exchangeable or exercisable
for shares of Company Common Stock, then the Merger Consideration and the
Cash Amount (as defined in Section 6.04) shall each be equitably adjusted to
eliminate the effects of such event.   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   Except as set forth in the schedules delivered
to Parent in connection with the execution of this Agreement setting forth
exceptions to the Company\'s representations and warranties set forth herein
(the "Company Disclosure Schedules"), the Company represents and warrants to
Parent and Sub as set forth below. The Company Disclosure Schedules are
arranged in sections corresponding to sections of this Agreement to be
modified by such disclosure schedule, it being understood and agreed that
matters disclosed pursuant to one section of the Company Disclosure Schedules
or contained in the Company SEC Documents (as defined in Section 3.05) shall
be deemed disclosed with respect to any other section of the Company
Disclosure Schedules to the extent it is readily apparent that the matters so
disclosed are applicable to such other section. As used in this Agreement,
"knowledge" means, with respect to matters relating to the Company, actual
knowledge of the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer,
Chief Legal Officer or any Executive Vice President of the Company.  
SECTION 3.01. Organization.   (a) The Company is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation, and has all requisite power and authority
to carry on its business as now being conducted, except where the failure to
be so in good standing or to have such power and authority would not have a
Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 9.04) on the Company. The
Company is duly qualified or licensed to do business and in good standing in
each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or
the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so
duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company or prevent or materially delay the consummation
of the Merger.   (b) Each subsidiary of the Company is an entity duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of organization (to the extent such concept is recognized) and
has all necessary powers required to carry on its business as now being
conducted, except where the failure to be so in good standing or to have such
power and authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
All subsidiaries of the Company and their respective jurisdictions of
organization are identified on Schedule 3.01.   SECTION 3.02.
Capitalization.   (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of 20,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Shares"). As of
May 31, 2004, (i) 9,740,177 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and
outstanding, (ii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding, (iii) 259,823 shares of Company Common Stock were held by the
Company in its treasury and (iv) 2,247,483 shares of Company Common Stock
were reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding Options (as defined
in Section 6.04). Set forth on Schedule 3.02 is a schedule as of May 31,
2004, setting forth the holder, exercise price, grant date, vesting dates(s)
and expiration date of each outstanding Option. Except as set forth above, as
of the date of this Agreement, no shares of capital stock or other voting
securities of the Company were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding.
All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are, and all shares
which may be issued will be, when issued, duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights. There are
no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company having the
right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having
the right to vote) on any matters on which Company Stockholders may vote.
Except as set forth above, or on Schedule 3.02, as of the date of this
Agreement, there are no securities, options, warrants, calls, rights,
commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which
the Company is a party or by which any of them is bound obligating
the Company to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or
sold, additional shares of capital stock or other voting securities of the
Company or obligating the Company to issue, grant, extend or enter into any
such security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement,
arrangement or undertaking. As of the date of this Agreement, there are not
any outstanding contractual obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock or other equity securities
of the Company.   (b) All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
each subsidiary of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable, and, except as set forth on Schedule 3.01, such
shares are owned by the Company or by a subsidiary of the Company free and
clear of any Liens or limitation on voting rights. Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.02, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights,
convertible securities or other agreements or commitments of any character
relating to the issuance, transfer, sale, delivery, voting or redemption
(including any rights of conversion or exchange under any outstanding
security or other instrument) for any of the capital stock or other equity
interests of any such subsidiaries.   (c) Except as set forth on Schedule
3.07 and except for (i) Indebtedness (as defined in Section 9.04) set forth
on, or described in, the balance sheet or the notes to the Company\'s
consolidated financial statements included in its Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2004, (ii) Indebtedness of the
Company to any of its wholly owned subsidiaries or of any subsidiary of the
Company to the Company, and (iii) prepayment penalties resulting from
discharge of obligations arising under the agreements set forth on Schedule
3.04.   SECTION 3.03. Authority. The Company has the requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than the approval and
adoption of the terms of this Agreement by the holders of more than 80% of
the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the "Company Stockholder
Approval")). The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the consummation by the Company of the Merger and of the other transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the
part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions so contemplated in each case, other than, with
respect to the Merger, the Company Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming this Agreement
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Parent and Sub, constitutes a
valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company
in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and (ii) as limited by
laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief
or other equitable remedies.   SECTION 3.04. Consents and Approvals; No
Violations. Except for filings, permits, authorizations, consents and
approvals as may be required under, and other applicable requirements of, the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including
the filing with the SEC of a proxy statement relating to any required
approval by the Company Stockholders of this Agreement (the "Proxy
Statement"), the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR Act"), the laws of the states in which the Company is
qualified to do or is doing business, state takeover laws, Environmental Laws
and foreign laws, neither the execution, delivery or performance of this
Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby will (i) conflict with or result in
any breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of
the Company, (ii) require any filing with, or permit, authorization, consent
or approval of, any Federal, state or local government or any court,
tribunal, administrative agency or commission or other governmental or other
regulatory authority or agency, domestic, foreign or supranational (a
"Governmental Entity") (except where the failure to obtain such permits,
authorizations, consents or approvals or to make such filings would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or prevent or materially delay the
consummation of the Merger), (iii) except as set forth on Schedule 3.04,
result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice
or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of
termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration) under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which the Company is a party or by which any of them or any of their
properties or assets may be bound (except for violations, breaches or
defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or
prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Merger), or (iv) violate
any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable
to the Company or any of their properties or assets (except for violations,
breaches or defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company or prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
Merger). Notwithstanding clause (iii) above, certain contracts and agreements
as set forth on Schedule 3.18 (A) provide for their termination or require
consent upon a change of control of the Company or (B) contain provisions
restricting their assignment.   SECTION 3.05. SEC Reports and Financial
Statements. The Company has filed with the SEC all forms, reports, schedules,
statements and other documents required to be filed by it since December 31,
2001, pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act") (such forms, reports, schedules, statements and other
documents, including any financial statements or schedules included therein,
are referred to as the "Company SEC Documents"). No subsidiary of the Company
is required to file any forms, reports, schedules, statements and other
documents with SEC. The Company SEC Documents, at the time filed, (a) did not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading and (b) complied in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as the case may be,
and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. Except to the
extent revised or superseded by a subsequently filed Company SEC Document,
the Company SEC Documents, considered as a whole as of their date, do not
contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated or incorporated by reference therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading (it being understood that the foregoing
does not cover future events resulting from public announcement of the
Merger). The financial statements of the Company included in the Company SEC
Documents comply as to form in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the
SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles of the United States ("GAAP"),
except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of the
unaudited statements, as permitted by Forms 10-Q and 8-K of the SEC, and
fairly present (subject, in the case of the unaudited statements, to normal,
recurring audit adjustments) the consolidated financial position of the
Company and its respective consolidated subsidiaries as at the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended.   SECTION 3.06. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed and publicly available
prior to the date of this Agreement or on Schedule 3.06, since December 31,
2003, each of the Company and its subsidiaries has conducted its business
only in the ordinary course, and there has not been any Material Adverse
Change with respect to the Company. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC
Documents or on Schedule 3.06, since December 31, 2003, there has not been
(i) any granting to any officer of the Company or any of the Company\'s
subsidiaries of any increase in compensation, except in the ordinary course
of business (including in connection with promotions) consistent with past
practice, (ii) any granting to any such officer of any increase in severance
or termination pay, except as part of a standard employment package to any
person promoted or hired, (iii) except employment arrangements in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice with employees
other than any executive officer of the Company or of any of its
subsidiaries, any entry by the Company or any of its subsidiaries into any
employment, severance or termination agreement with any such employee or
executive officer, (iv) any increase in or establishment of any
bonus, insurance, deferred compensation, pension, retirement, profit-sharing,
stock option (including the granting of stock options, stock appreciation
rights, performance awards or restricted stock awards or the amendment of any
existing stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards or
restricted stock awards), stock purchase or other employee benefit plan or
agreement or arrangement, except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or (v) any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend or other distribution (within cash, stock or
property) with respect to Company Common Stock or the capital stock of any of
the Company\'s subsidiaries, except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with part practice.   SECTION 3.07. No Undisclosed Liabilities.
Except as and to the extent set forth in the Company SEC Documents and
Schedule 3.07, since December 31, 2003, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has incurred any liabilities of any nature, whether or not
accrued, contingent or otherwise, that would have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company.   SECTION 3.08. Information Supplied. None of the written
information supplied or to be supplied by the Company specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement, will at the
time the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the Company Stockholders or at
the time of the Stockholders Meeting (as defined in Section 6.01), contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder, except that no representation or warranty is made by
the Company with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference
therein based on information supplied by Parent or Sub specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.   SECTION 3.09. Benefit
Plans. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.09, and except to the extent that
the failure of the following to be true would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect:   (a) Each "employee pension benefit plan"
(as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (a "Pension Plan"), "employee welfare benefit
plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) (a "Welfare Plan") and each other
agreement, plan, or policy relating to employment, stock options,
compensation, deferred compensation, bonuses, severance, fringe benefits or
other employee benefits, in each case entered into, maintained or contributed
to, or required to be maintained or contributed to, by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries for the benefit of any present or former employee, officer
or director (each of the foregoing, a "Benefit Plan") has been administered
in all material respects in accordance with its terms. The Benefit Plans, as
well as the Company and all of its subsidiaries with respect to the Benefit
Plans, are in compliance in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other applicable laws. Schedule 3.09
sets forth a complete list of each Benefit Plan arrangement.   (b) No
Pension Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code and none
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any other person that, together
with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c),
(m) or (o) of the Code (each, including the Company, a "Commonly Controlled
Entity"): (i) currently has an obligation to contribute to, or during any
time during the last six years had an obligation to contribute to, a
Pension Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, or (ii)
has incurred any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation,
which liability has not been fully paid. All contributions and other payments
required to be made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any Pension
Plan with respect to any period ending before the Closing Date have been made
or reserves adequate for such contributions or other payments have been or
will be set aside therefor and have been or will be reflected in financial
statements.   (c) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any
Commonly Controlled Entity is required to contribute to any "multiemployer
plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) or has withdrawn from any
multiemployer plan where such withdrawal has resulted or would result in any
"withdrawal liability" (within the meaning of Section 4201 of ERISA) that has
not been fully paid.   (d) Each Benefit Plan (and its related trust) that
is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has been
determined by the IRS to qualify under such section (and the related trust,
if any, has been determined to be exempt under Section 501(a) of the Code)
and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred to cause the loss
of such qualified status.   (e) The Company has heretofore made available to
Parent correct and complete copies of each of the following:   (1) Each
Benefit Plan and all amendments thereto; the trust  instrument and/or
insurance contracts, if any, forming a part of  such Benefit Plan and all
amendments thereto;   (2) If applicable, the most recently filed Form 5500
and all  schedules thereto, if any;   (3) The most recent determination
letter issued by the IRS  regarding the qualified status of each such Benefit
Plan that is a  Pension Plan;   (4) The most recent accountant\'s report
for each Benefit Plan,  if any; and   (5) The most recent summary plan
description for each Benefit  Plan, if any.   SECTION 3.10. Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10, there is no suit, claim, action,
proceeding or investigation pending before any Governmental Entity or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any subsidiary of
the Company or any of their respective properties or any of their respective
officers, employees or directors in their capacity as such or any other
person with respect to which, in whole or in part, the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company is liable or has agreed to indemnify such
other person that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company or prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
Merger. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to any
outstanding order, writ, injunction or decree that would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or prevent or
materially delay the consummation of the Merger.   SECTION 3.11. Compliance
with Applicable Law.   (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.11, each of the
Company and its subsidiaries holds all permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities necessary for
the lawful conduct of its business (the "Company Permits"), except for
failures to hold such permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and
approvals that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.11, each of the Company and its
subsidiaries is in compliance with the terms of the Company Permits, except
where the failure so to comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents, and except as
set forth on Schedule 3.11, to the knowledge of the Company, the business of
the Company and its subsidiaries is not being conducted in violation of any
law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity, including (i) the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C.
Section 801, et seq, or any other law, ordinance or regulation of the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Justice or the
Drug Enforcement Agency and (ii) the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the
related rules and regulations promulgated under such Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and the Exchange Act, except, in each case, for possible violations that
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or prevent or
materially delay the consummation of the Merger. Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.11, as of the date of this Agreement, no investigation or review
by any Governmental Entity with respect to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, nor
has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to conduct any such
investigation or review, other than, in each case, those the outcome of which
would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company or prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Merger.  
(b) The management of the Company has (i) implemented disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) to ensure that
material information relating to the Company and the Company\'s subsidiaries
is made known to the management of the Company by others within those
entities, and (ii) has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation, to the
Company\'s outside auditors and the audit committee of the Company Board
(A) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act), which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company\'s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial data and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company\'s
internal control over financial reporting.   SECTION 3.12. Tax Matters.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.12, and except to the extent that the
failure of the following (other than clauses (e) and (f)) to be true would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:   (a) The
Company has timely filed, or has caused to be timely filed, all Tax Returns
required to be filed by it or any of its subsidiaries and all such Tax
Returns are true, complete and accurate. All Taxes shown to be due on such
Tax Returns have been timely paid.   (b) The most recent financial
statements contained in the Company SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve
for all Taxes payable by the Company for all taxable periods and portions
thereof through the date of such financial statements. No deficiency with
respect to any Taxes has been asserted or assessed in writing against the
Company, and no written requests for waivers of the time to assess any such
Taxes are pending.   (c) The Federal Income Tax Returns of the Company and
its subsidiaries consolidated in such Returns have never been examined by the
United States Internal Revenue Service. All assessments for Taxes due with
respect to completed and settled examinations or any concluded litigation
have been fully paid. No Tax Return of the Company or its subsidiaries is
under audit or examination and no written notice of such an audit or
examination has been received by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  
(d) There are no Liens for material Taxes (other than Liens for current Taxes
not yet due and payable) on the assets of the Company).   (e) The
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not trigger any material
income or gain for federal income tax purposes (i) that was previously
deferred pursuant to the Treasury Regulations issued under Section 1502 of
the Code or (ii) under Section 355(e) of the Code in respect of
a distribution occurring prior to the Closing.   (f) Neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries has any material liability for the Taxes of any
person other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries (i) under the
Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state,
local or foreign law), (ii) as transferee or successor or (iii) by
contract.   (g) For purposes of this Agreement:   "Taxes" includes all
forms of taxation, whenever created or imposed,  and whether of the United
States or elsewhere, and whether imposed  by a local, municipal,
governmental, state, foreign, Federal or  other Governmental Entity, or in
connection with any agreement with  respect to Taxes, including all interest,
penalties and additions  imposed with respect to such amounts.   "Tax
Return" means all Federal, state, local, provincial and foreign  Tax returns,
declarations, statements, reports, schedules, forms and  information returns
and any amended Tax return relating to Taxes.   SECTION 3.13. State Takeover
Statutes. No state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation applies
or purports to apply to the Merger, this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION 3.14. Brokers; Fees and Expenses.
No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person, other than
Peter J. Solomon Company Limited, the fees and expenses of which will be paid
by the Company, is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s
or other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of the Company. The Company has provided Parent true and correct copies the
engagement letter between the Company and Peter J. Solomon Company
Limited.   SECTION 3.15. Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Company has
received the opinion of Peter J. Solomon Company Limited to the effect that,
as of the date of this Agreement, the consideration to be received by the
holders of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (other than Parent
or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or affiliates) in connection
with the Merger is fair from a financial point of view to such holders, and a
complete and correct signed copy of such opinion has been, or promptly upon
receipt thereof will be, delivered to Parent.   SECTION 3.16. Intellectual
Property. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.16, each of the Company and its
subsidiaries owns all right, title and interest to, is licensed to use or
otherwise possesses adequate rights to use (in each case, free and clear of
any Liens other than Liens that do not materially impair the existing use of
the Intellectual Property Right) all Intellectual Property Rights used or
necessary to conduct the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, except
where failure to own or possess such licenses or rights, individually or in
the aggregate, has not had, and would not have, a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.16, to the knowledge of the
Company, (a) the Intellectual Property Rights of the Company and its
subsidiaries do not conflict with or infringe upon any Intellectual Property
Rights of others, and (b) none of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by
and/or licensed to the Company or its subsidiaries is being infringed or
misappropriated by any third party; in each case except for such conflict,
infringement or misappropriation, individually or in the aggregate, that
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company and its
subsidiaries have taken all reasonably necessary actions to ensure protection
of their Intellectual Property Rights under applicable law, including duly
registering such Intellectual Property Rights with the appropriate filing
office, and maintaining the secrecy of all confidential Intellectual Property
Rights, except for such failures that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. For purposes hereof,
"Intellectual Property Right" means any trademark, service mark, trade name,
trade dress, domain name, copyright, patent, software, database, website,
invention, process, design, formula, trade secret, know-how (including any
registrations or applications for registration of any of the foregoing, and
any renewals thereof); or any other similar type of proprietary intellectual
property right.   SECTION 3.17. Labor Relations and Employment. Except as
set forth on Schedule 3.17, (i) there is no labor strike, slowdown, stoppage
or lockout actually pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and (ii) neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any
collective bargaining or similar agreement with any labor organization.  
SECTION 3.18. Change of Control. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.18, the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not require the consent from
or the giving of notice to a third party, permit a third party to terminate
or accelerate vesting, repayment or repurchase rights, or create any other
detriment under the terms, conditions or provisions of any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, license, lease, contract, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of them or any of their properties or assets may be
bound, except where the adverse consequences resulting from such change of
control or where the failure to obtain such consents or provide such notices
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company.   SECTION 3.19. Environmental Matters.   (a) Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.19, each of the Company and its subsidiaries has been and
is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws (as this term and the
other terms in this section are defined below), except for such violations
and defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company.   (b) The Company has provided to Parent
complete and accurate copies of all Phase I and Phase II environmental
reports which are in the possession or control of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries in relation to real properties owned by the Company or its
subsidiaries.   (c) The Company and its subsidiaries possesses all
required Environmental Permits; all such Environmental Permits are in full
force and effect; there are no pending or threatened proceedings to revoke
such Environmental Permits and each of the Company and its subsidiaries is
in compliance with all terms and conditions thereof, except where the failure
to possess or comply with such Environmental Permits or the failure for
such Environmental Permits to be in full force and effect would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   (d) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.19, and except for
matters which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has received any written notification that the Company or such
subsidiary as a result of any of the operations of the Business, or any
property currently or formerly owned or leased in connection with the
Business, is adversely affected by any proceeding, investigation, claim,
lawsuit or order by any Governmental Entity or other person relating to (i)
any Remedial Action that is needed to respond to a Release or threat of
Release into the environment of Hazardous Materials, or (ii) any
Environmental Liabilities and Costs imposed or potentially imposed on the
Company.   (e) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.19, there is not now and,
to the Company\'s knowledge, has not been at any time in the past, any
circumstance, including, without limitation, any Release in connection with
the current or former conduct of the Business for which the Company or any of
its subsidiary is required to implement or pay for any Remedial Action, or to
reimburse costs incurred by third parties with respect to any Remedial
Action, or to incur Environmental Liabilities and Costs that would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   (f) For purposes of this Agreement:   (A) "Business" means the
businesses of the Company or its  subsidiaries.   (B) "Environmental Laws"
means all Laws as in effect on or  prior to the date hereof relating to the
protection of human health,  safety, or welfare or the environment, including
any emission,  discharge, generation, manufacture, distribution, use, sale, 
receipt, processing, storage, treatment, disposal, abatement,  existence,
exposure to, Release, threatened Release, reporting,  licensing, permitting,
investigation, cleanup, mitigation,  remediation, transportation, or other
handling of any chemical,  drug, device, or any other substance or item,
including, but not  limited to, the following federal laws as amended and
their state  counterparts (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.ss.9601, et seq.  ("CERCLA"), the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C.  ss.ss.6901, et seq., the
Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C.ss.ss.1251, et.  seq., the Oil Pollution Act of
1990, 33 U.S.C.ss.ss.2701, et seq.,  the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.ss.7401,
et seq., the Toxic  Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.ss.ss.2601, et. seq.,
the Federal  Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C.ss.ss.301, et. seq., and
(ii)  all other requirements pertaining to protection of air, surface 
water, groundwater or land and subsurface, natural resources, human  health,
safety, or welfare.   (C) "Environmental Liabilities and Costs" means all
damages,  natural resource damages, claims, losses, expenses, costs, 
obligations, and liabilities (collectively, "Losses") imposed by,  under or
pursuant to Environmental Laws, including, but not limited  to, all Losses
related to Remedial Actions, and all fees, capital  costs, compliance costs,
disbursements, penalties, fines and  expenses of counsel, experts,
contractors, personnel and consultants  and expenditures necessary to cause
any such property, the Company,  any subsidiary of the Company or the
Business to be in compliance  with requirements of Environmental Laws.  
(D) "Environmental Permits" means any federal, state,  provincial or local
permit, license, registration, consent, order,  administrative consent order,
certificate, approval, waiver or other  authorization necessary for the
conduct of the Business as currently  conducted, and wherever it is currently
conducted, under any  applicable Environmental Law.   (E) "Governmental
Entity" means any government or subdivision  thereof, domestic, foreign or
supranational or any administrative,  governmental or regulatory authority,
agency, commission, tribunal  or body, domestic, foreign or
supranational.   (F) "Hazardous Materials" means any substance that (a) is 
defined, listed, identified or otherwise regulated under any  Environmental
Law (including, without limitation, "hazardous" and  "toxic" substances and
wastes, radioactive substances including  radon gas, polychlorinated-
biphenyls, asbestos and petroleum) or (b)  requires investigation,
remediation, or other protective measures  under applicable Environmental
Law.   (G) "Laws" or "laws" means all (A) constitutions, treaties, 
statutes, laws (including, but not limited to, the common law),  rules,
regulations, ordinances or codes of any Governmental Entity,  (B)
Environmental Permits, and (C) orders, decisions, injunctions,  judgments,
awards and decrees of any Governmental Entity.   (H) "Release" means any
releasing, spilling, disposing or  other discharging of Hazardous Materials
into the environment  (including air, soil, subsurface, surface water and
groundwater).   (I) "Remedial Action" means all actions required by any 
Governmental Entity pursuant to Environmental Law or otherwise taken  as
necessary to comply with Environmental Law to (i) mitigate, clean  up,
remove, treat or in any other way remediate any Hazardous  Materials, (ii)
prevent the release or threatened release of  Hazardous Materials so that
they do not endanger or threaten to  endanger public health or welfare or the
environment or (iii)  perform studies, investigations or monitoring in
respect of any such  matter.   SECTION 3.20. Material Contracts(a) . (a)
The Company has provided or made available to Parent (i) true and complete
copies of all written contracts and agreements to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries is a party and which are material to the Company or such
subsidiary ("Material Contracts"), and (ii) with respect to such Material
Contracts that have not been reduced to writing, a written description
thereof which is listed on Schedule 3.20. All Material Contracts are valid,
binding and in full force and effect, except to the extent they have
previously expired in accordance with their terms or to the extent the
failure to be in full force and effect would not have a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company is not, or has not received any notice or has any
knowledge that any other party is, in default in any respect under any such
Material Contract, except for those defaults which would not reasonably
be likely, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and there has not occurred any
event that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, would
constitute such a material default.   (b) Except as set forth on Schedule
3.20, no officer or director of the Company, no shareholder of the Company
related to any such officer or director, and no "associate" (as defined in
Rule 14a-1 under the Exchange Act) of any of them, has any interest in any
material contract or agreement of, or other business arrangement with, the
Company, or in any material property (including any real property and any
material personal property, tangible or intangible), used in or pertaining to
the business of the Company.   SECTION 3.21. Property. Schedule 3.21
accurately identifies all real property, leases and other rights in real
property, structures and other buildings of the Company and its subsidiaries.
All properties and assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, real and
personal, material to the conduct of its business are, except for changes in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since December
31, 2003, reflected in the most recent balance sheet of the Company included
in the Company SEC Documents, and except as set forth on Schedule 3.21, each
of the Company and its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to its real
property set forth on Schedule 3.21 and to the personal property reflected on
such balance sheet or acquired by it since the date of the balance sheet,
free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, encumbrances, charges,
agreements, claims, restrictions and defects of title (collectively "Liens").
All real property, structures and other buildings and material equipment of
the Company and its subsidiaries currently used in the operation of the
business of the Company and its subsidiaries, are adequately maintained and
are in satisfactory operating condition and repair for the requirements of
the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as presently conducted.  
SECTION 3.22. Insurance. All insurance policies carried by or covering the
Company and its subsidiaries with respect to their business, assets and
properties (the "Insurance Policies") are in full force and effect, and
no notice of cancellation has been received by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries with respect to any material Insurance Policy which has not
been cured by the payment of premiums that are due. All premiums due on the
Insurance Policies have been paid in a timely manner and the Company and its
subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with the terms and
provisions of the Insurance Policies.   SECTION 3.23. No Other
Representations and Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties
contained in this Article III, none of the Company, any affiliate of the
Company or any other Person makes any representations or warranties, and the
Company hereby disclaims any other representations or warranties, whether
made by the Company, any affiliate of the Company, or any of their officers,
directors, employees, agents or representatives, with respect to the
negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure, in writing
or orally, to the Parent, Sub or any of their officers, directors, employees,
agents or representatives of any documentation or other information.  
ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB   Parent and
Sub jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Company as
follows:   SECTION 4.01. Organization. Each of Parent and Sub is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite corporate
power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted, except
where the failure to be so in good standing or to have such power and
authority would not be reasonably expected to prevent or materially delay the
consummation of the Merger.   SECTION 4.02. Authority. Parent and Sub have
requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Parent and Sub and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Parent and Sub are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate such transactions. No vote of Parent shareholders
is required to approve this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and
Sub, as the case may be, and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of the Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation
of each of Parent and Sub enforceable against them in accordance with its
terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and (ii) as limited by
laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief
or other equitable remedies.   SECTION 4.03. Consents and Approvals; No
Violations. Except for filings, permits, authorizations, consents and
approvals as may be required under, and other applicable requirements of, the
Exchange Act, the HSR Act, the DGCL, the laws of other states in which Parent
is qualified to do or is doing business, state takeover laws and foreign
laws, neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by
Parent and Sub nor the consummation by Parent and Sub of the transactions
contemplated hereby will (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any
provision of the respective certificate of incorporation or by-laws of Parent
and Sub, (ii) require any filing with, or permit, authorization, consent or
approval of, any Governmental Entity (except where the failure to obtain such
permits, authorizations, consents or approvals or to make such filings would
not be reasonably expected to prevent or materially delay the consummation of
the Merger), (iii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or
without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any
right of termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration) under, any of
the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
license, lease, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or
any of their properties or assets may be bound or (iv) violate any order,
writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to Parent,
any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties or assets, except in the
case of clauses (iii) and (iv) for violations, breaches or defaults which
would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to
prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Merger.   SECTION 4.04.
Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by
Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Proxy Statement will, at the time the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the
Company Stockholders or at the time of the Stockholders Meeting, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading; provided, however, that no representation is made by Parent
or Sub with respect to statements made in any such Proxy Statement based
upon information previously supplied by the Company or its subsidiaries to
Parent or Sub.   SECTION 4.05. Interim Operations of Sub. Sub was formed
solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby
and, except for activities incidental to its organization and maintenance of
corporate existence, has engaged in no other business activities and has
conducted its operations only as contemplated hereby.   SECTION 4.06.
Financing. Parent and Sub have previously delivered to the Company the
following: (i) a fully executed commitment letter (the "Senior Debt Letter")
from Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc., J.P Morgan Securities Inc., Deutsche Bank
Securities Inc., Bear Stearns Corporate Lending Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank and
Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch (the "Banks") and accepted by Parent,
providing the terms and conditions upon which the Banks have committed to
provide the senior secured revolving credit portion of the financing required
in connection with the Merger, (ii) a fully executed forward underwriting
commitment (the "Subordinated Debt Letter") from Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc.,
J.P Morgan Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and accepted by
Parent with respect to the placement of subordinated debt of the Surviving
Corporation pursuant to an offering under Rule 144A of the Exchange Act,
(iii) a fully executed letter (the "Kelso Equity Commitment Letter")
from Kelso and Company ("Kelso") and accepted by Parent with respect to a
portion of the equity financing required in connection with the Merger and
(iv) a fully executed commitment letter from Church and Dwight Co., Inc. (the
"Church and Dwight Letter") and accepted by Parent with respect to a portion of
the equity/debt financing required in connection with the Merger (the Church
and Dwight Letter, together with the Senior Debt Letter, the Subordinated Debt
Letter and the Kelso Equity Commitment Letter, the "Financing Letters"). The
financing contemplated by the Financing Letters (the "Financing") is
sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration and Cash Amount and pay
all fees and expenses (including, without limitation, legal, accounting and
investment banking expenses, change of control payments, and repayment of
indebtedness) to be paid by Parent, Sub, the Company or any of their
respective affiliates related to the transactions contemplated hereby. The
Financing Letters are in full force and effect as of the date hereof. The
obligations to fund the commitments under the Financing Letters are not
subject to any condition other than as set forth in the Financing Letters.
All commitment and other fees required to be paid under the Financing Letters
on or prior to the date hereof have been paid.   SECTION 4.07. Brokers.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.07, none of Parent, Sub, or any of their
respective officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or finder
or incurred any liability for any broker or finder in connection with the
transactions contemplated herein.   ARTICLE V   COVENANTS   SECTION
5.01. Conduct of Business of the Company(i) . Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as expressly agreed to in writing by Parent, the Company will,
and will cause its subsidiaries to, conduct its operations according to its
ordinary and usual course of business and consistent with past practice and,
subject to its obligations under Section 6.04(d), use its commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve intact its current business organization, keep
available the services of its current officers and employees and preserve its
relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, advertisers,
distributors and others having business dealings with it and to preserve
goodwill. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and except as (x)
otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, (y) required by law, or (z)
set forth on Schedule 5.01, the Company will not and will cause
its subsidiaries not to, without the consent of Parent, which shall not
be unreasonably withheld:   (i) except with respect to bonuses or other
incentive compensation  made in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice,  adopt or amend in any material respect any bonus, profit
sharing,  compensation, severance, termination, stock option, stock purchase,
stock  appreciation right, pension, retirement, employment or other
employee  benefit agreement, trust, plan or other arrangement for the benefit
or  welfare of any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of
its  subsidiaries or increase in any manner the compensation or fringe
benefits  of any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries (except, in each case, for normal annual increases and cost  of
living increases for the benefit of officers and employees of the  Company or
any of its subsidiaries) or pay any benefit not required by any  existing
agreement or place any assets in any trust for the benefit of any  director,
officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries  (in each case,
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with  past
practice);   (ii) sell, lease, license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or
subject  to any Lien or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets
other  than immaterial properties or assets (or immaterial portions of
properties  or assets), except in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past  practice;   (iii) (x) declare, set aside or pay any dividends
on, or make any  other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock,
(y) split,  combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or
authorize the  issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or
in  substitution for shares of its capital stock or (z) purchase, redeem or 
otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or 
options to acquire any such shares or other securities, except that the 
Company may withhold shares of Company Common Stock in order to pay any 
taxes due as a result of the exercise of Options;   (iv) other than in
connection with Options outstanding as of the  date hereof, authorize for
issuance, issue, deliver, sell or agree or  commit to issue, sell or deliver
(whether through the issuance or granting  of options, warrants, commitments,
subscriptions, rights to purchase or  otherwise), pledge or otherwise
encumber any shares of its capital stock,  any other voting securities or any
securities convertible into, or any  rights, warrants or options to acquire,
any such shares, voting securities  or convertible securities or any other
securities or equity equivalents  (including, without limitation, stock
appreciation rights) other than  issuances upon exercise of Options;   (v)
amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws;   (vi) acquire (x) by
merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing  a substantial portion of the
assets of, or by any other manner, any  business or any corporation,
partnership, joint venture, association or  other business organization or
division thereof or (y) any assets,  including real estate, except
acquisitions of assets in the ordinary  course of business consistent with
past practice;   (vii) make or agree to make any capital expenditure or
expenditures,  or enter into any agreement or agreements providing for
payments in excess  of $11 million for calendar year 2004.   (viii) pay,
discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities,  obligations or
litigation (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted,  contingent or
otherwise), other than the payment, discharge, settlement or  satisfaction,
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past  practice without
admission of liability or in accordance with their terms,  of liabilities
recognized or disclosed in the most recent consolidated  financial statements
(or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the  Company SEC Documents
or incurred since the date of such financial  statements;   (ix) make any
change to its method of reporting income or deductions  for Tax purposes;
or   (x) authorize, or commit or agree to take, any of the foregoing 
actions.   SECTION 5.02. No Solicitation.   (a) The Company shall not, and
shall not permit its subsidiaries or any of its or its subsidiaries\'
officers, directors or employees to, directly or indirectly (including
through intermediaries), solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or knowingly
facilitate any discussions or negotiations with any Person other than Parent,
concerning any offer or proposal, which constitutes or is reasonably likely
to lead to an Acquisition Proposal (as defined below); provided, however,
that the Company may, in response to an unsolicited bona fide written
Acquisition Proposal received subsequent to the date hereof but prior
to obtaining Company Stockholder Approval, which the Company Board determines
in good faith, after consultation with its independent financial and
legal advisors, is reasonably likely to result in a Superior Proposal (as
defined below), furnish information with respect to the Company to any Person
making such Acquisition Proposal, and participate in discussions or
negotiations regarding such Acquisition Proposal. Any information furnished
to any Person in connection with an Acquisition Proposal shall be provided
pursuant to a confidentiality agreement in customary form; provided that any
non-public information concerning the Company or any of its subsidiaries
provided to such Person that was not previously provided to Parent shall
promptly be provided to Parent by the Company. The Company will promptly
notify Parent orally and in writing (i) of any Acquisition Proposal, of the
identity of the Person making such Acquisition Proposal and of the material
terms and conditions thereof, and/or (ii) of the fact that any information is
requested by any Person with respect to an Acquisition Proposal or which
could lead to an Acquisition Proposal. The Company shall keep Parent
generally informed of the status of and material developments respecting any
Acquisition Proposal that is reasonably likely to result in a Superior
Proposal.   For purposes of this Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" means any
inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person (other than Parent) relating to
any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of any shares of any class of
equity securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries constituting 20%
or more of the outstanding equity securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
result in any person beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of equity
securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any merger,
reorganization, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, sale of
all or substantially all of the assets, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
For purposes of this Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means any
written proposal made by a third party to consummate a tender offer, exchange
offer, merger, consolidation or similar transaction, which (i) would result
in such third party (or its stockholders) owning, directly or indirectly, a
majority of the shares of Company Common Stock then outstanding (or of the
surviving entity in a merger) or all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or which would result in
the individuals comprising the Company Board prior to such transaction not
constituting a majority of the board of directors (or other governing body)
of the entity surviving or resulting from such transaction and (ii) is on
terms which the Company Board determines in good faith (based on such matters
as it deems relevant, but including the advice of its independent financial
advisor and outside counsel) to be (a) more favorable to the Company\'s
stockholders entitled to receive Merger Consideration hereunder (in their
capacities as stockholders), from a financial point of view, than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (b) reasonably capable of
being consummated without undue delay.   (b) If (i) the Company Board
receives a proposal that the Company Board concludes in good faith, after
consultation with its independent legal and financial advisors, is a Superior
Proposal, and (ii) the Company Board concludes in good faith, after
consultation with its independent legal advisors, that failure to take any of
the following actions could result in a breach of the directors\' fiduciary
duties under applicable law, then the Company Board may withdraw or modify
its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger, approve or
recommend the Superior Proposal or terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 8.01(c) hereof and shall promptly notify Parent in writing of any
such determination.   (c) Nothing contained in this Section 5.02 shall
prohibit the Company from complying with Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated
under the Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to the Company
Stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of the Company Board, failure so
to disclose would be inconsistent with its obligations under applicable
law.   SECTION 5.03. Other Actions. The Company shall not take any
action that would, or that would reasonably be expected to, result in (i) any
of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this
Agreement that are qualified as to materiality becoming untrue or (ii) any of
such representations and warranties that are not so qualified becoming untrue
in any material respect.   SECTION 5.04. Notice of Certain Events. The
Company and Parent shall promptly notify each other of:   (i) any notice or
other communication from any person alleging that  the consent of such person
is or may be required in connection with the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement;   (ii) any notice or other communication from any
Governmental Entity  in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement;   (iii) any action, suits, claims, investigations or
proceedings  commenced or, to the actual knowledge of the executive officers
of the  notifying party, threatened against, relating to or involving or
otherwise  affecting such party, which would reasonably be expected to have
a  Material Adverse Effect on the Company;   (iv) an administrative or
other order or notification relating to  any material violation or claimed
material violation of law;   (v) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any
event the occurrence or  non-occurrence of which would cause any
representation or warranty  contained in this Agreement to be untrue or
inaccurate in any material  respect at or prior to the Closing Date; and  
(vi) any material failure of any party to comply with or satisfy any 
covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it 
hereunder;  provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to
this Section 5.04 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice.   SECTION 5.05.
Confidentiality. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
any confidentiality obligations set forth herein or in any other agreement to
which the parties hereto are parties or by which they are bound as they
relate to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not apply to
the purported or claimed Federal income tax treatment of the transactions
(the "Tax Treatment") or to any fact that may be relevant to understanding
the purported or claimed Federal income tax treatment of the transactions
(the "Tax Structure"), and each party hereto (and any
employee, representative, or agent of any party hereto) may disclose to any
and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the Tax Treatment and Tax
Structure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any
materials of any kind (including any tax opinions or other tax analyses) that
relate to the Tax Treatment or Tax Structure. In addition, each party hereto
acknowledges that it has no proprietary or exclusive rights to any tax matter
or tax idea related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The
preceding sentence is intended to ensure that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall not be treated as having been offered under
conditions of confidentiality for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section
1.6011-4(b)(3) or any successor provision of the Treasury Regulations
promulgated under Section 6011 of the Code and shall be construed in a manner
consistent with such purpose.   ARTICLE VI   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  
SECTION 6.01. Proxy Statement; Stockholders\' Meeting. (a) As promptly as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare
and file with the SEC the Proxy Statement, and the Company shall use
all reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as practicable to any comments
of the SEC with respect thereto and to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed
to the stockholders of the Company as promptly as practicable following the
date of this Agreement. The Company shall promptly notify Parent upon the
receipt of any comments from the SEC or the staff of the SEC or any request
from the SEC or the staff of the SEC for amendments or supplements to the
Proxy Statement and shall provide Parent with copies of all correspondence
between the Company and its Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC and
the staff of the SEC, on the other hand, relating to the Proxy Statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing or mailing the Proxy Statement
(or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any comments of the
SEC or the staff of the SEC with respect thereto, the Company (i) shall
provide Parent an opportunity to review and comment on such document or
response and (ii) shall include in such document or response all comments
reasonably proposed by Parent. Whenever any event occurs which is required to
be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, the
Company or Parent, as the case may be, will promptly inform the other of such
occurrence and cooperate in filing with the SEC and/or mailing to
stockholders of the Company such amendment or supplement.   (b) The Company
shall, as soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, establish
a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of
its stockholders (the "Stockholders Meeting") solely for the purpose of
obtaining the Stockholder Approval. Subject to Section 5.02(b), the Company
shall, through its Company Board, recommend that the Company\'s stockholders
vote in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement and approval of
the Merger and shall include such recommendation in the Proxy Statement.
Subject to Section 5.02(b), the Company will use all reasonable efforts to
solicit from its stockholders proxies in favor of the adoption and approval
of this Agreement and approval of the Merger, and will take all other action
necessary or advisable under applicable Law to secure Stockholder Approval.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the
Company may adjourn or postpone the Stockholders\' Meeting to the
extent necessary to ensure that any necessary supplement or amendment to the
Proxy Statement is provided to its stockholders in advance of a vote on the
Merger and this Agreement or, if as of the time for which the Stockholders\'
Meeting is originally scheduled (as set forth in the Proxy Statement) there
are insufficient Shares represented (either in person or by proxy) to
constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of such Stockholders\'
Meeting; provided that any Stockholders Meeting so adjourned or postponed
shall be held as promptly as permitted by the organizational documents of the
Company.   SECTION 6.02. Access to Information. Upon reasonable notice,
and except as may otherwise be required by applicable Law, the Company shall
give Parent and Sub, their potential financing sources, counsel, financial
advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives reasonable access to
the offices, properties, books and records of the Company and its
subsidiaries during normal business hours, will furnish to Parent and Sub,
their counsel, financial advisors, financial institutions, auditors and other
authorized representatives such financial and operating data and other
information as such may be reasonably requested and will instruct the
employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, their respective counsel and
financial advisors to cooperate with Parent and Sub in their investigation of
the business of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided, however, that the
Company may restrict the foregoing access to the extent that (A) in the
reasonable judgment of the Company, any law, treaty, rule or regulation of
any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company requires the Company or its
subsidiaries to restrict or prohibit access to any such properties or
information, (B) in the reasonable judgment of the Company, the information
is subject to confidentiality obligations to a third party, (C) such
disclosure would result in disclosure of any trade secrets of third parties,
or (D) disclosure of any such information or document could result in the
loss of attorney-client privilege; provided, further, however, that with
respect to this clause (D), the Company and/or its counsel shall use their
reasonable efforts to enter into such joint defense agreements or
other arrangements, as appropriate, so as to avoid the loss of attorney-
client privilege; provided, further, that, subject to Section 5.05, any
information provided to Parent and/or Sub pursuant to this Section 6.02 shall
be subject to the confidentiality agreement, dated as of December 9, 2003
(the "Confidentiality Agreement"), the terms of which shall continue to apply
and which shall be binding upon Parent, Sub and their respective shareholders
and affiliated companies, except as otherwise agreed by the Company,
notwithstanding termination of this Agreement. Subject to Section 5.05, in
the event of any conflict between the terms of this Section 6.02 and the
terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, the terms of the Confidentiality
Agreement shall control.   SECTION 6.03. Reasonable Best Efforts. (a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each party will use
its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to
do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under this
Agreement and applicable laws and regulations to consummate the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as practicable
after the date hereof, including (i) preparing and filing as promptly as
practicable all documentation to effect all necessary applications, notices,
petitions, filings, tax ruling requests and other documents and to obtain as
promptly as practicable all consents, clearances, waivers, licenses, orders,
registrations, approvals, permits, tax rulings and authorizations necessary
or advisable to be obtained from any third party and/or any Governmental
Entity in order to consummate the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (provided that the Company shall not agree to
any material modification to any Material Contract (including, without
limitation, any increase in amounts payable under such Material Contract or
extension of the term thereof) in connection with obtaining any such
consents, clearances, waivers, licenses, orders, registrations, approvals,
permits, tax rulings and authorizations without the prior approval of such
modification by Parent) and (ii) taking all reasonable steps as may
be necessary to obtain all such material consents, clearances, waivers,
licenses, registrations, permits, authorizations, tax rulings, orders and
approvals. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each party
hereto agrees to make an appropriate filing of a Notification and Report Form
pursuant to the HSR Act and any other Regulatory Law (as defined in Section
6.03(b) below) with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as
promptly as practicable after the date hereof and to supply as promptly as
practicable any additional information and documentary material that may be
requested pursuant to the HSR Act and any other Regulatory Law and to use
reasonable best efforts to take all other actions necessary to cause the
expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act
as soon as practicable. If necessary to obtain any regulatory approval
pursuant to any Regulatory Law, or if any administrative or judicial action
or proceeding, including any proceeding by a private party, is instituted (or
threatened to be instituted by a Governmental Entity), challenging the Merger
or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement as violative of any
Regulatory Law, each of Parent and the Company shall cooperate with each
other with respect to obtaining such approval or responding to such
administrative or judicial action. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 6.03, Parent and Sub shall have no obligation to
(a) hold separate (or agree to hold separate) any portion of the assets
of the Company or the Parent or any of their respective affiliates, (b)
conduct the business of the Company or the Parent or any of their respective
affiliates in a substantially different manner, (c) dispose (or agree to
dispose) of any assets or businesses of the Company or the Parent or any of
their respective affiliates, (d) defend any litigation commenced by any third
party or Governmental Entity against the Company or Parent or any of their
respective affiliates, or (e) materially alter the economic or governance
rights of Parent\'s stockholders with respect to Parent (except with respect
to the composition of Parent\'s board of directors, if necessary) or the
Company or any of their respective affiliates and each of their respective
businesses and brands.   (b) To the extent permissible under applicable law
or any rule, regulation or restriction of a Governmental Entity, each of
Parent and the Company shall, in connection with the efforts referenced in
Section 6.03(a) to obtain all requisite material approvals, clearances and
authorizations for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the
HSR Act or any other Regulatory Law, use its reasonable best efforts to (i)
cooperate in all respects with each other in connection with any filing or
submission and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry,
including any proceeding initiated by a private party, (ii) promptly inform
the other party of any communication received by such party from, or given by
such party to, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the
"DOJ"), the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") or any other Governmental
Entity and of any material communication received or given in connection with
any proceeding by a private party, in each case regarding any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) permit the other party, or the other
party\'s legal counsel, to review any communication given by it to, and
consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with, the
DOJ, the FTC or any such other Governmental Entity or, in connection with any
proceeding by a private party, with any other Person and (iv) give the other
party the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and
conferences. For purposes of this Agreement, "Regulatory Law" means the
Sherman Act, as amended, Council Regulation No. 4064/89 of the
European Community, as amended (the "EC Merger Regulation"), the Clayton Act,
as amended, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and
all other Federal, state and foreign, if any, statutes, rules, regulations,
orders, decrees, administrative and judicial doctrines and other laws that
are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate (i) foreign
investment or (ii) actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or
restraint of trade or lessening of competition.   SECTION 6.04. Options.
(a) The Company shall take all reasonable steps or measures to amend, or
cause to be amended, (or to obtain consents or waivers from optionees, if
necessary, with respect to) any stock option plan and any other program or
arrangement (collectively, the "Stock Option Plans") pursuant to which there
are holders of options or warrants to purchase shares granted by the Company
or stock appreciation rights with respect to shares of Company Common Stock
(each, an "Option") to provide that, at the Effective Time, each such holder
shall receive, in settlement of each unexercised (vested or unvested) Option
held by such holder, a "Cash Amount" (less any applicable withholding taxes)
equal to the product of (i) the amount (if any) by which the Merger
Consideration exceeds the Option exercise price, and (ii) the number
of underlying shares with respect to which the Option had not been exercised
prior to the Effective Time, unless such holder and Parent shall have
consented to a different treatment. The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to amend the Stock Option Plans to provide that each
Option shall terminate as of the Effective Time upon the making of such
payments.   (b) The Company shall provide notice to participants in the
Stock Option Plans and other holders of Options to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock granted by the Company that the Company proposes to merge into
another corporation; that the participant under the plans or program may
exercise his Options in full with respect to shares not theretofore purchased
by him prior to the Effective Time; and that the plans and program have been
amended to provide that to the extent a participant does not exercise such
Options prior to the Effective Time, such Options shall terminate at the
Effective Time and the participant shall receive, in settlement of each
Option held by the participant, the "Cash Amount" described in the preceding
paragraph.   (c) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all
actions necessary to amend the Stock Option Plans as provided in this Section
6.04.   (d) Except as may be otherwise agreed to by Parent or Sub and
the Company, the Company\'s Stock Option Plans shall terminate as of the
Effective Time and the provisions in any other plan, program or arrangement
providing for the issuance or grant of any other interest in respect of the
capital stock of the Company shall be deleted as of the Effective Time.  
(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if it is determined that
compliance with any of the foregoing would cause any individual subject to
Section 16 of the Exchange Act to become subject to the profit recovery
provisions thereof, any Options held by such individual will be canceled or
purchased, as the case may be, at the Effective Time or at such later time as
may be necessary to avoid application of such profit recovery provisions and
such individual will be entitled to receive from the Company or the Surviving
Corporation an amount in cash or other consideration satisfactory to the
Surviving Corporation and such individual equal to the excess, if any, of the
Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price of such
Option, multiplied by the number of underlying shares subject thereto (less
any applicable withholding taxes), and the parties hereto will cooperate and
take any and all necessary actions so as to achieve the intent of the
foregoing without giving rise to such profit recovery.   SECTION 6.05.
Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance.   (a) Following the
Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall, jointly and
severally (i) indemnify and hold harmless, and provide advancement of
expenses to, all past and present directors, officers, employees and agents
of the Company and its Subsidiaries and all other Persons who may presently
serve or have served at the Company\'s request as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise (the "Indemnified Parties") (A) to the same extent such
individuals are indemnified or have the right to advancement of expenses
as of the date of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to the certificate
of incorporation and bylaws of the Company and indemnification agreements, if
any, in existence on the date hereof with, or for the benefit of, any
directors, officers and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any
other Persons and (B) without limitation to subclause (A) above, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, in each case for acts or omissions occurring
at or prior to the Effective Time (including for acts or omissions occurring
in connection with the approval of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby), (ii) include and cause to be maintained in
effect in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation (or any successor to the Surviving Corporation) for a period of
six years after the Effective Time, provisions regarding elimination of
liability of directors, indemnification of officers, directors and employees
and advancement of expenses that are, in the aggregate, no less advantageous
to the intended beneficiaries than the corresponding provisions contained in
the current certificate of incorporation and bylaws and (iii) cause to be
maintained for a period of six years after the Effective Time the current
policies of directors\' and officers\' liability insurance and fiduciary
liability insurance with one or more reputable unaffiliated third-party
insurers maintained by the Company (provided that Parent (or any successor
thereto) may substitute therefor one or more policies with one or more
reputable unaffiliated third-party insurers of at least the same coverage and
amounts containing terms and conditions that are, in the aggregate, no less
advantageous to the insured) with respect to claims arising from facts or
events that occurred on or before the Effective Time; provided, however, that
in no event shall the Surviving Corporation be required to expend in any one
year an amount in excess of 300% of the annual premiums currently paid by the
Company for such insurance if the board of directors of Parent as constituted
after the Effective Time shall have so determined; and, provided further that
if the annual premiums of such insurance coverage exceed such amount, the
Surviving Corporation shall obtain a policy with at least the greatest
coverage available for a cost not exceeding such amount. In
determining whether an Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification under
this Section 6.05(a), if requested by such Indemnified Party, such
determination shall be made in a written opinion by independent counsel
selected by Parent and reasonably approved by the Indemnified Party, which
counsel shall not have, at the time of such determination, otherwise
performed services for the Surviving Corporation, Parent or their respective
affiliates during the preceding three years.   (b) Any Indemnified Party
wishing to claim indemnification under paragraph (a) of this Section 6.05,
upon receiving written notification of any such claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify Parent and the Surviving
Corporation thereof, but the failure to so notify shall not relieve Parent
and the Surviving Corporation of any liability they may have to such
Indemnified Party except if, and only to the extent that, such
failure materially and irreversibly prejudices Parent or the Surviving
Corporation, as applicable. In the event of any such claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation (whether arising before or after the Effective
Time), (i) Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall pay the fees and
expenses of counsel selected by the Indemnified Party, promptly after
statements therefor are received, and otherwise advance to such Indemnified
Party upon request reimbursement of documented expenses reasonably incurred;
provided that prior thereto the Indemnified Party provides to Parent and the
Surviving Corporation an undertaking to repay such advances if it is
ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification
from Parent and the Surviving Corporation, (ii) Parent and the Surviving
Corporation will cooperate in the defense of any such matter, and (iii) any
determination required to be made with respect to whether an Indemnified
Party\'s conduct complies with the standards set forth under applicable Law
shall be made by independent counsel mutually acceptable to Parent, the
Surviving Corporation and the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that (A)
Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall be obligated pursuant to this
Section 6.05(b) to pay for only one firm of counsel for all Indemnified
Parties in any jurisdiction, except to the extent there is, in the opinion of
counsel to an Indemnified Party, under applicable standards of professional
conduct, a conflict on any significant issue between the positions of such
Indemnified Party and any other Indemnified Party or Indemnified Parties, in
which case each Indemnified Party with a conflicting position on
a significant issue shall be entitled to retain separate counsel
mutually satisfactory to Parent, the Surviving Corporation and such
Indemnified Party, (B) the Indemnified Parties shall cooperate in the defense
of any such matter and (C) Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall not be
liable for any settlement effected without its prior written consent (which
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).   (c) If Parent or
the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns shall (i)
consolidate with or merge into any other Person and shall not be the
continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger
or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to
any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provisions shall be made so
that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as
the case may be, shall assume all of the obligations of Parent and
the Surviving Corporation set forth in this Section 6.05.   (d) The rights
of each Indemnified Party under this Section 6.05 shall be in addition to any
right such Person might have under the certificate of incorporation or by-
laws of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or under applicable Law
(including the DGCL) or under any agreement of any Indemnified Party with the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The provisions of this Section 6.05 are
intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the
Indemnified Parties, their respective heirs and representatives.   (e) The
obligations of Parent and the Surviving Corporation under this Section 6.05
shall not be terminated or modified in such a manner as to adversely affect
any indemnitee to whom this Section 6.05 applies without the consent of such
affected indemnitee (it being expressly agreed that the indemnitees to whom
this Section 6.05 applies shall be third-party beneficiaries of this Section
6.05).   (f) The Company (or, after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation and Parent) shall indemnify any Indemnified Party
against all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys\'
fees and expenses), such amounts to be payable in advance upon request as
provided in this Section 6.05, relating to the enforcement of such
Indemnified Party\'s rights under this Section 6.05 or under the certificate
of incorporation or by-laws or existing indemnification agreements, but only
to the extent that such Indemnified Party is ultimately determined to be
entitled to indemnification hereunder or thereunder. Any amounts due pursuant
to the preceding sentence shall be payable upon request by the Indemnified
Party.   SECTION 6.06. Employees. (a) For not less than one year
following the Effective Time, Parent shall maintain, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries to maintain, compensation and
employee benefit plans and arrangements for employees of the Company
("Affected Employees") that are, in the aggregate, substantially comparable
to the compensation arrangements and Benefit Plans as in effect on the date
hereof (excluding, for all purposes, any equity-based or long-term incentive
plans or programs). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for not
less than one year following the Effective Time, Parent shall provide, or
cause the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries to provide, severance
pay and benefits to each Affected Employee as of the Effective Time that are
not less favorable than under the Benefit Plans and current policies or
practices of the Company as in effect as of the date of this Agreement.  
(b) Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, honor all
Benefit Plans and other contractual commitments in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time between the Company and Affected Employees or
former employees of the Company, including, without limitation, the Change in
Control Agreements set forth on Schedule 6.06(b). Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, honor all vacation, holiday, sickness and personal days
accrued by Affected Employees and, to the extent applicable, former employees
of the Company ("Former Employees") as of the Effective Time.   (c) Parent
shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, give all Affected
Employees full credit for purposes of eligibility, and vesting under any
employee benefit plan arrangement maintained by Parent or the Surviving
Corporation or any subsidiary thereof for such Affected Employees\' service
with the Company (or any prior employer) to the same extent recognized by the
Company or any Benefit Plan immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (d)
Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) with respect
to any life, health or long-term disability insurance plan, waive all
limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with
respect to participation and coverage requirements of any welfare
benefit plan established to replace any Benefit Plan in which such Affected
Employees may be eligible to participate after the Effective Time, other than
limitations or waiting periods that are already in effect with respect to
such Affected Employee and that have not been satisfied as of the Effective
Time under any Welfare Plan maintained for the Affected Employee immediately
prior to the Effective Time, (ii) with respect to any health insurance plan,
provide each Affected Employee with credit for any co-payments and
deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time in satisfying any applicable
deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any such plan that such
Affected Employees are eligible to participate in after the Effective Time
and (iii) with respect to any life or long-term disability plan, waive any
medical certification otherwise required in order to assure the continuation
of coverage at a level not less than that in effect immediately prior to the
implementation of such plan (but subject to any overall limit on the maximum
amount of coverage under such plans).   SECTION 6.07. Transfer Taxes. Except
as provided in Section 2.02(b), all stock transfer, real estate transfer,
documentary, stamp, recording and other similar Taxes (including interest,
penalties and additions to any such Taxes) ("Transfer Taxes") incurred in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid
by either Sub or the Surviving Corporation, and the Company shall cooperate
with Sub and Parent in preparing, executing and timely filing any Tax Returns
with respect to such Transfer Taxes.   SECTION 6.08. Calculation of Section
280(G) Excise Taxes and Cutbacks. The Company shall, promptly after execution
of this Agreement, request that the Audit Committee of the Company Board
approve the retention by the Company of an independent accounting firm with
expertise in calculating excise taxes under Code Section 4999 on "parachute
payments" under Section 280(G) of the Code. Such accounting firm shall
promptly review the Change in Control Agreements listed on Schedule 6.06(b)
and calculate (a) the amount, if any, of excise taxes that must be withheld
by the Company from monies due to each applicable executive as a result of
any "parachute payments" (as defined in Section 280(G) of the Code) that
would be payable to such executive as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (b) the amount, if any, that monies due to
any executive as "parachute payments" must be reduced as a result of the
"cut-back" provisions in such executive\'s Change in Control Agreement, which
calculations shall promptly be provided to Parent.   SECTION 6.09. State
Takeover Laws. If any "fair price," "business combination" or "control share
acquisition" statute or other similar statute or regulation is or may become
applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby, the Company, Parent and
Sub shall each take such actions as are necessary so that the transactions
contemplated hereby may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the
terms contemplated hereby and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the
effects of any such statute or regulation on the transactions contemplated
hereby.   SECTION 6.10. Financing.   (a) Parent and Sub shall use their
reasonable best efforts to obtain the Financing as set forth in the Financing
Letters. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i)
Parent and Sub shall be entitled at any time to obtain substitute financing
("Substitute Financing") on conditions pursuant to which the Substitute
Financing would not reasonably be expected to delay the consummation of the
Merger past January 31, 2005, provided that the leverage ratios required for
Parent under the agreements and documentation for such Substitute Financing
shall not be materially higher than the leverage ratios set forth in the
Financing Letters without the consent of the Company, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld and (ii) should Parent and Sub fail to obtain the
Financing as set forth in the Financing Letters prior to January 31,
2005, then Parent and Sub shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain
Substitute Financing, provided that such obligation shall be limited to
obtaining Substitute Financing on terms and conditions substantially
equivalent to those set forth in the Financing Letters.   (b) Parent shall
provide prompt written notice to the Company of (i) the Banks\' refusal or
stated intent to refuse to provide the financing described in the Senior Debt
Letter, (ii) the refusal of or stated intent to refuse by any of Bear,
Stearns and Co. Inc., J.P Morgan Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Securities
Inc. to provide the financing described in the Subordinated Debt Letter,
(iii) Kelso\'s refusal or stated intent to refuse to provide the financing
described in the Kelso Equity Commitment Letter, (iv) Church and Dwight Co.,
Inc.\'s refusal or stated intent to refuse to provide the financing described
in the Church and Dwight Letter, and/or (v) any other lender\'s stated intent
to refuse to provide the financing contemplated by any Substitute Financing,
and, in each case, the stated reasons therefor.   (c) The Company agrees to
provide and to cause its subsidiaries to provide, and will use its reasonable
best efforts to cause its officers, employees, advisors and representatives
to provide, all necessary cooperation reasonably requested by Parent in
connection with the arrangement and the negotiation of agreements with
respect to, the Financing (and any substitutions, replacements or refinancing
thereof). Such cooperation will include (i) to the extent reasonably
requested, the making available to Parent, the lenders providing the
Financing, their respective representatives, and the rating agencies of
personnel, documents and information of the Company and its subsidiaries,
(ii) to the extent reasonably requested, requiring the senior management of
the Company to participate in meetings, due diligence sessions and road shows
and helping to prepare offering memoranda; and (iii) requesting
the Company\'s accountants to provide their reasonable cooperation in
connection with the Financing, including (x) granting consents to the
inclusion of their auditors\' reports in relevant offering documents and any
related governmental filings, (y) granting consents to references to them as
experts in a customary manner in any such offering materials and related
governmental filings and (z) issuing comfort letters covering such matters as
are reasonably requested by Parent, the Company or any initial purchaser or
underwriter, as the case may be.   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS   SECTION
7.01. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to
the satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions:   (a) Company Stockholder Approval. If required by
applicable law, the Company Stockholder Approval shall have been
obtained.   (b) No Injunctions or Restraints. No statute, rule,
regulation, executive order, decree, temporary restraining order, preliminary
or permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity or other legal restraint or
prohibition restricting, preventing or prohibiting the consummation of the
Merger shall be in effect; provided, however, that each of the parties shall
have used reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such injunction or
other order and to appeal as promptly as possible any injunction or other
order that may be entered.   (c) HSR Approvals. The applicable waiting
periods (and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act shall have expired or
been terminated.   SECTION 7.02. Conditions to Obligations of Parent and
Sub. The obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger shall be subject
to the satisfaction or waiver by Parent at or prior to the Effective Time of
each of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement,
without giving effect to any exception or qualification as to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect, shall be true and correct as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date, as if such representations and warranties were made
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (except as to any such
representation or warranty which speaks as of a specific date, which must be
true and correct as of such specific date) except where the failure to be so
true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate with all such
failures, be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have performed
in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.   (c) Officer\'s
Certificate. Parent shall have received a certificate signed by an executive
officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that the
conditions set forth in Sections 7.02(a) and 7.02(b) have been satisfied or
waived.   (d) Financing. The Company shall have received the
Financing proceeds under the Financing Letters (other than any portion of the
Financing under the Kelso Equity Commitment Letter and the Church and Dwight
Letter), or the Financing proceeds of any Substitute Financing, in either
such case in the amounts and on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Financing Letters or upon terms and conditions which are substantially
equivalent thereto, and to the extent any of the terms and conditions are not
as so set forth or as substantially equivalent, on terms and conditions
reasonably satisfactory to Parent and the Company.   (e) Resignations. The
Company shall have received, and delivered copies to Parent and Sub of, valid
resignations, effective as of immediately following the Effective Time, of
each member of the Company Board.   (f) FIRPTA. The Company shall have
furnished to Parent and Sub a certification in accordance with Treasury
Regulations ss. 1.1445-2(c) certifying that stock in the Company is not a
real property interest because the Company is not and has not been a United
States real property holding corporation (as defined in Section 897(c)(2) of
the Code) during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii)
of the Code.   SECTION 7.03. Conditions to Obligations of the Company.
The obligations of the Company to effect the Merger shall be subject to
the satisfaction or waiver by the Company at or prior to the Effective Time
of each of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties of Parent and Sub set forth in this
Agreement, without giving effect to any exception or qualification as to
materiality or Material Adverse Effect, shall be true and correct as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as if such representations and
warranties were made as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (except
as to any such representation or warranty which speaks as of a specific date,
which must be true and correct as of such specific date) except where the
failure to be so true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate
with all such failures, be reasonably likely to materially adversely affect
the ability of Parent to effect the Merger in accordance with this
Agreement.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Sub. Each of
Parent and Sub shall have performed in all material respects all obligations
required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
Closing Date.   (c) Officer\'s Certificate. The Company shall have
received certificates signed by an executive officer of each of Parent and
Sub, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that the conditions set forth in
Sections 7.03(a) and 7.03(b) have been satisfied or waived.   ARTICLE
VIII   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   SECTION 8.01. Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval of the terms of this Agreement by the Company
Stockholders:   (a) by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company, by
action of their respective boards of directors;   (b) by either the Company
or Parent, if:   (i) the Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been 
obtained at a meeting duly convened therefor or at any adjournment or 
postponement thereof; or   (ii) any Governmental Entity, the taking of
action by which is  a condition to the obligations of either the Company or
Parent to  consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, shall have
determined not  to take such action and all appeals of such determination
shall have been  taken and have been unsuccessful, or any court of competent
jurisdiction  or other competent Governmental Entity shall have issued an
order, decree  or ruling or taken any other action making illegal or
otherwise  restricting, preventing or prohibiting the Merger and such order
shall  have become final and nonappealable; provided, however, that the
party  seeking to terminate this Agreement shall have used its reasonable
efforts  to remove or lift such order, decree, ruling or other action;  
(c) by the Company, if, prior to when Company Stockholder Approval has been
obtained, any Person has made a proposal relating to an Acquisition Proposal,
or has commenced a tender or exchange offer for the shares of Company Common
Stock, and the Company Board concludes that such proposal or tender
or exchange offer if consummated would be a Superior Proposal;   (d) by
Parent, if, prior to when Company Stockholder Approval has been obtained, the
Company Board or any committee thereof shall have (i) failed to recommend to
the Company Stockholders that they approve and adopt this Agreement (the
"Stockholder Acceptance"), (ii) withdrawn or modified its approval or
recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger, (iii) approved or recommended
an Acquisition Proposal or (iv) resolved to effect any of the foregoing;  
(e) by Parent, at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or
after the time when Company Stockholder Approval has been obtained, if there
has been a material violation or breach by the Company of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement that (i) would
give rise to the failure of the conditions set forth in Section 7.02(a) or
7.02(b) and (ii) cannot be cured by the Company within thirty (30) days after
written notice reasonably describing such breach; or   (f) by the Company,
at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the time
when Company Stockholder Approval has been obtained, if there has been a
material violation or breach by Parent or Sub of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (which violation
or breach is not cured by Parent or Sub within ten (10) days after written
notice reasonably describing such breach);   (g) by either the Company or
Parent, if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before January
31, 2005; or   (h) by either the Company or Parent, if as of October 31,
2004, the condition specified in Section 7.01(c) shall not have been
satisfied, provided that either party may only exercise this termination
right by delivering written notice of termination to the other party not
later than November 5, 2004, and if such notice shall not have been delivered
by such date, the parties\' right to terminate this agreement pursuant to
this Section 8.01(h) shall thereafter expire.   SECTION 8.02. Effect of
Termination.   (a) In the event of a termination of this Agreement pursuant
to Section 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void and
there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Sub or the
Company or their respective officers or directors, except with respect to the
last proviso of the first sentence of Section 6.02, this Section 8.02 and
Article IX; provided, however, that nothing herein shall relieve any party
for liability for any breach hereof prior to such termination.   (b) (i) If
this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 8.01(c) or Section 8.01(d),
and, in either case, on or before the date of any such termination an
Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company shall have been publicly
announced, disclosed or otherwise communicated to the Company Board, then the
Company shall pay to Parent all out-of-pocket expenses of Kelso and Church and
Dwight, Co., Inc. and their respective affiliates, including fees
and expenses of financial advisors, outside legal counsel and accountants,
incurred in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby and fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the proposed financing of the Merger up
to a maximum amount of Expenses of $6,000,000 (such out-of-pocket expenses,
up to such maximum amount, the "Expenses); provided, however, that if within
twelve months of such termination, the Company or a third party consummates,
or the Company enters into a definitive agreement to consummate, an
Acquisition Proposal, then the Company shall pay to Parent an additional
amount equal to $12,000,000 less the amount of Expenses previously paid to
Parent pursuant to this clause (i);   (ii) If this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Section 8.01(b)(i), and, on or before the date of any such
termination an Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company shall have
been publicly announced, disclosed or otherwise communicated to the Company
Board, and within twelve months of such termination, the Company or a third
party consummates, or the Company enters into a definitive agreement to
consummate, an Acquisition Proposal, the Company shall pay to Parent
$12,000,000;   (iii) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section
8.01(g), and (x) Parent, at the time of such termination, was in compliance
with its obligations under this Agreement in all material respects and (y) on
or before the date of any such termination an Acquisition Proposal with
respect to the Company shall have been publicly announced, disclosed or
otherwise communicated to the Company Board and (z) within twelve months of
such termination, the Company or a third party consummates, or the Company
enters into a definitive agreement to consummate, an Acquisition Proposal,
the Company shall pay to Parent the Expenses;   (iv) If (x) this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to Section 8.01(e) with respect to a material
violation or breach by the Company of any of the provisions of Section 5.02
and (y) Parent, at the time of such termination, was in compliance with its
obligations under this Agreement in all material respects and (z) within
twelve months of such termination, the Company or a third party consummates,
or the Company enters into a definitive agreement to consummate,
an Acquisition Proposal, the Company shall pay to Parent $12,000,000.   (c)
Any payment required to be made pursuant to Section 8.02(b) shall be made (i)
concurrently with a termination by the Company giving rise to the payments
provided for in Section 8.02(b) or (ii) in the case of a termination by
Parent, not more than three business days after the occurrence of the
conditions for such payment pursuant to Section 8.02(b). All payments
under this Section 8.02 shall be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account designated by the party entitled to receive
payment.   SECTION 8.03. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by
the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective boards
of directors, at any time before or after obtaining the Company
Stockholder Approval (if required by law), but, after any such approval, no
amendment shall be made which by law requires further approval by such
shareholders without obtaining such further approval. This Agreement may not
be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties hereto.   SECTION 8.04. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their
respective boards of directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto or (iii) waive compliance with the agreements or conditions
for the benefit of such party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of
a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set
forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party. The failure of
any party hereto to assert any of its rights hereunder or otherwise shall not
constitute a waiver of those rights.   ARTICLE IX   MISCELLANEOUS  
SECTION 9.01. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant hereto shall terminate at the Effective Time, unless the
survival thereof is provided for by their terms.   SECTION 9.02. Assumption
of Obligations. Effective upon the Closing, Parent unconditionally assumes,
jointly and severally with the Company, all obligations of the Company under
the Letter Agreement, between Peter J. Solomon Company Limited and the
Company, dated as of July 10, 2003.   SECTION 9.03. Notices. All notices and
other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
if delivered personally, telecopied (which is confirmed), sent by overnight
courier (providing proof of delivery) or mailed by registered or certified
mail (return receipt requested) to the parties at the following addresses (or
at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):  
(a) if to Parent or Sub, to:   c/o Kelso and Company  320 Park Avenue, 24th
Floor  New York, New York 10022  Attention: James J. Connors II, Esq. 
Telecopy No.: (212) 223-2379   and   Church and Dwight Co., Inc.  469 North
Harrison Street  Princeton, New Jersey 08543  Attention: General Counsel 
Telecopy No.: (609) 497-7177   with copies (which shall not constitute
notice) to:   Debevoise and Plimpton LLP  919 Third Avenue  New York, New
York 10022  Attention: Margaret A. Davenport, Esq.  Telecopy No.: (212)
909-6836   and   Dechert LLP  4000 Bell Atlantic Tower  1717 Arch
Street  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103  Attention: John D. LaRocca, Esq. 
Telecopy No.: (215) 994-2222   and   (b) if to the Company, to:   Del
Laboratories, Inc.  178 EAB Plaza  P.O. Box 9357  Uniondale, New York
11556  Attention: General Counsel  Telecopy No.: (516) 844-2942   with a
copy to:   Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft LLP  100 Maiden Lane  New York,
New York 10038  Attention: Dennis J. Block, Esq.  Telecopy No.: (212)
504-6666   SECTION 9.04. Interpretation. When a reference is made in
this Agreement to an Article or a Section, such reference shall be to an
Article or a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table
of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including"
are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation". The phrase "made available" in this Agreement shall
mean that the information referred to has been made available if requested by
the party to whom such information is to be made available. As used in this
Agreement, "Person" or "person" means an individual, corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity. As used
in this Agreement, "Subsidiary" or "subsidiary" of (x) the Company, means
another person, of which an amount of voting securities or voting partnership
interests that is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its board of
directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests,
50% or more of the equity interests) is owned directly or indirectly by the
Company, provided that either (i) the assets of such person exceed 10% of the
total assets of the Company on a consolidated basis as of the end of the
Company\'s last completed fiscal year, (ii) for the most recently ended four
fiscal quarter period such person had revenues constituting 10% or more of
the consolidated revenues of the Company for such period, as determined in
accordance with GAAP or (iii) such person is any of the following
entities: Del Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 565 Broad Hollow Realty Corp., Parfums
Schiaparelli, Inc., Royce and Rader, Inc., Del Laboratories (Canada) Inc.,
Pharmaceutics (Canada) Inc. or Del Professional Products, Inc., and (y) any
person other than the Company, means another person, of which an amount of
voting securities or voting partnership interests that is sufficient to elect
at least a majority of its board of directors or other governing body (or, if
there are no such voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests) is
owned directly or indirectly by such first person. As used in this Agreement,
"Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse Effect" means, when used in
connection with the Company, any change or effect on the Company (or, where
applicable, an affected subsidiary of the Company) that, individually or in
the aggregate, is, or is reasonably likely to be, materially adverse to the
business, liabilities, financial condition or assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Material
Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall not include any material
adverse change or material adverse effect caused by (i) any failure by the
Company to meet analysts\' published revenue or earnings predictions for any
period ending (or for which revenues or earnings are released) on or after
the date of this Agreement, (ii) other than in connection with the use of the
defined term Material Adverse Effect specifically in Section 3.04, any
adverse change resulting from the Merger, or the announcement or pendancy of
or any costs or expenses associated with the Merger, including a decline in
the trading price of Company Common Stock, (iii) any adverse changes in
general market and economic conditions, (iv) any adverse changes
affecting the Company\'s industry generally (but only to the extent any such
change does not disproportionately affect the Company relative to other
companies in such industry), (v) any adverse regulatory or legislative
changes affecting the Company or companies in general and (vi) any adverse
change relating to changes in GAAP which the Company is required to adopt. As
used in this Agreement, the term "material" refers to the Company and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole. As used in this Agreement, "Indebtedness"
means, without duplication, (i) any indebtedness of the Company or its
subsidiaries for borrowed money, whether current, short-term, or long-term,
secured or unsecured, (ii) any purchase price money indebtedness of the
Company or its subsidiaries for purchases of property or assets, (iii) any
lease obligations of the Company or its subsidiaries under leases which are
capital leases in accordance with GAAP, (iv) any financing of the Company or
its subsidiaries effected through "special purpose entities" and any
synthetic leases and project financing, (v) any obligations of the Company or
its subsidiaries in respect of banker\'s acceptances or letters of
credit, (vi) any liability of the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to
interest rate swaps, collars, caps and similar hedging obligations, (vii)
any indebtedness referred to in clauses (i) through (vi) above of any person
other than the Company which is either guaranteed by, or secured by any Lien
upon any property or assets owned by, the Company or any of its subsidiaries
and (viii) any prepayment penalties resulting from the discharge of any of
the foregoing obligations which are or will be actually prepaid pursuant to a
pre-existing contractual arrangement as a result of the transactions
contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the foregoing definition of
Indebtedness shall not include ordinary course trade payables and accrued
expenses (other than interest).   SECTION 9.05. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when two or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other parties, including delivery by facsimile, it being understood that
all parties need not sign the same counterpart.   SECTION 9.06. Entire
Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the documents
and the instruments referred to herein) (a) constitutes the entire agreement
and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and
oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (b)
except as provided in Sections 6.04 and 6.05 is not intended to confer upon
any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies
hereunder.   SECTION 9.07. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to any applicable conflicts of law.   SECTION 9.08. Publicity.
Except as otherwise required by law or by obligations pursuant to the rules
of any security exchange, for so long as this Agreement is in effect, neither
the Company nor Parent shall, or shall permit any of its subsidiaries to,
issue or cause the publication of any press release or other public
announcement with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
without the consent of the other party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.   SECTION 9.09. Assignment. Neither this Agreement
nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned
by any of the parties hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise)
without the prior written consent of the other parties, except that Sub may
assign, in its sole discretion, any or all of its rights, interests and
obligations hereunder to any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their
respective successors and assigns.   SECTION 9.10. Enforcement. The parties
agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the
parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of
this Agreement in any court of the United States located in the State of New
York or Delaware or in a New York or Delaware state court, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.
In addition, each of the parties hereto (i) consents to submit to the
personal jurisdiction of any Federal court located in the States of New York
or Delaware or any New York or Delaware state court in the event any dispute
arises out of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby,
(ii) agrees that such party will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal
jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court, (iii)
agrees that such party will not bring any action relating to this Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated hereby in any court other than a
Federal court sitting in the State of New York or Delaware or a New York
or Delaware state court and (iv) waives any right to trial by jury with
respect to any claim or proceeding related to or arising out of this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 9.11.
Fees and Expenses. (a) Except as otherwise specifically provided for herein,
whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses.   (b) The
prevailing party in any legal action undertaken to enforce this Agreement or
any provision hereof shall be entitled to recover from the other party the
costs and expenses (including attorneys\' and expert witness fees and
expenses) incurred in connection with such action.     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Parent, Sub and the Company have caused this Agreement to be signed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written
above.   DLI Holding Corp.    By: /s/ James J. Connors, II 
--------------------------------  Name: James J. Connors, II  Title: Vice
President and Secretary     DLI Acquisition Corp.    By: /s/ James J.
Connors, II  --------------------------------  Name: James J. Connors, II 
Title: Vice President and Secretary     Del Laboratories, Inc.    By: /s/
Dan K. Wassong  --------------------------------  Name: Dan K. Wassong 
Title: Chairman, President and CEO     '

