.1 - ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT      
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT     BETWEEN     DEXTER CORPORATION   
AND     LOCTITE CORPORATION        Dated as of June 20,
2000        ARTICLE I   CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS.................................................1   ARTICLE
II   THE CLOSING........................................................11 
2.1 Time and Place of Closing.....................11  2.2 Purchase and Sale
of the Business Assets......12  2.3 Consideration for the
Assets..................12  2.4 Deliveries by the
Seller......................12  2.5 Delivery by the
Buyer.........................14  2.6 Post-Closing
Adjustment.......................14  ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER.......................18  3.1 Organization;
Qualification...................18  3.2 Capital
Stock.................................19  3.3 Equity
Investments............................19  3.4 Authority Relative to this
Agreement..........20  3.5 No Violation..................................20 
3.6 Financial Statements..........................21  3.7 Absence of
Undisclosed Liabilities............21  3.8 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events..........21  3.9 Title and Related Matters.....................22 
3.10 Contracts.....................................22  3.11
Leases........................................23  3.12 Patents, Trademarks
and Similar Rights........23  3.13 Legal Proceedings,
etc........................24  3.14 Employee Benefit Plans;
ERISA.................24  3.15 Assets Necessary to
Business..................25  3.16 Governmental Authorizations and
Regulations...25  3.17 Disclosure....................................26 
3.18 Accounts Receivable...........................26  3.19
Taxes.........................................26  3.20
Insurance....................................26  3.21 Environmental
Matters.........................27  3.22
Brokers.......................................28  3.23 Computer
Systems..............................28  3.24 Product
Warranty..............................29  ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER........................29  4.1
Organization..................................29  4.2 Authority Relative to
this Agreement..........29  4.3 No
Violation..................................29  4.4
Disclosure....................................30  4.5
Financing.....................................30  4.6
Brokers.......................................30  ARTICLE V   COVENANTS OF
THE PARTIES...........................................31  5.1 Conduct of
Business of the Seller.............31  5.2 Current
Information...........................33  5.3 Access to
Information.........................33  5.4
Expenses......................................34  5.5 Reasonable Best
Efforts.......................34  5.6 Further
Assurances............................35  5.7 Disclosure
Supplements........................35  5.8 Public
Announcements..........................36  5.9 Sales and Transfer Taxes and
Fees.............36  5.10 Use of Name...................................36 
5.11 Insurance Subsidiaries........................37  ARTICLE VI   SELLER
EMPLOYEES...................................................37  6.1
Employment....................................37  6.2 Assumption of
Plans...........................38  ARTICLE VII   CLOSING
CONDITIONS.................................................40  7.1 Conditions
to Each Party\'s Obligations to  Effect the Transactions Contemplated
Hereby...40  7.2 Conditions to the Obligations of the  Seller to Effect the
Transactions Con-  templated Hereby...............................41  7.3
Conditions to the Obligations of the  Buyer to Effect the Transactions 
Contemplated Hereby............................42  7.4
Certificates...................................43  ARTICLE VIII   CERTAIN
TAX MATTERS................................................43  8.1 Tax
Matters...................................43  8.2 Indemnity for
Taxes...........................46  ARTICLE IX   TERMINATION AND
ABANDONMENT........................................49  9.1
Termination...................................49  9.2 Procedure and Effect of
Termination...........49  ARTICLE X   MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS...........................................50  10.1 Delivery of
Schedules and Related Documents...50  10.2 Amendment and
Modification....................50  10.3 Waiver of Compliance;
Consents................51  10.4
Notices.......................................51  10.5
Assignment....................................52  10.6 Parent and Designated
Affiliates and  Subsidiaries..................................52  10.7
Governing Law.................................52  10.8
Counterparts..................................52  10.9
Interpretation................................52  10.10 Entire
Agreement..............................53  10.11
Severability..................................53  10.12 Bulk Sales
Law................................53  ARTICLE XI   SURVIVAL OF
REPRESENTATIONS........................................53  ARTICLE XII  
INDEMNIFICATION....................................................54  12.1
Indemnity by Seller...........................54  12.2 Conditions to
Indemnification.................54  12.3 Method and Manner of Paying
Claims............55  ARTICLE XIII  
NONCOMPETITION.....................................................55  13.1
Noncompete; No Solicitation of Employees......55  13.2 Tolling of
Period.............................56  13.3
Enforcement...................................56  13.4 Irreparable Damage;
Injunctive Relief.........56     ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT    ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of June 20, 2000 (the "Agreement"), between
Dexter Corporation, a Connecticut corporation (the "Seller"), and Loctite
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Buyer").   WHEREAS, the Buyer
wishes to acquire from the Seller substantially all of the Business Assets
from the Seller; and   WHEREAS, the Seller is willing to transfer the
Business Assets (other than the Business Assets owned or held by the
Business Subsidiaries, the capital stock of which is being transferred
directly or indirectly by the Seller to the Buyer) to the Buyer in exchange
for the assumption by the Buyer of the Business Liabilities and the payment
to the Seller by the Buyer of the Purchase Price.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing premises and the respective representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions hereinafter set forth, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as
follows:    ARTICLE I   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS   As used in this Agreement
each of the following terms shall have the following meaning:   1.1
"affiliate" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 10.9.   1.2
"Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Introduction.  
1.3 "APBO" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.2(b).   1.4
"Assumed Plans" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
6.2(a).   1.5 "Authorizations" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.16(a).   1.6 "Bill of Sale" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 2.4(c).   1.7 "Business" shall mean the business of the
Seller and its subsidiaries engaged in developing, using, manufacturing and
selling (i) electronic materials and magnetic materials for use in certain
markets, including without limitation those in the semiconductor
devices, microelectronic assemblies, electrical and electronic components,
power supply systems, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, electronics
and automotive markets and (ii) adhesive and mold release products for use
in certain markets, including but not limited to those in the
aerospace, automotive, marine assembly, furniture and wood, general
industrial assembly, and recreational markets.   1.8 "Business Assets"
shall mean:   (a) all of the property and assets of the Business necessary
to carry on the Business as of the date of this Agreement and those primarily
used in the Business, whether or not reflected in the Business Balance Sheet,
including, without limitation, the Business Real Properties, the Business
Intellectual Property, the Business Inventory, cash and cash equivalents of
the Foreign Business Subsidiaries, plants, machinery, equipment, tools,
supplies, spare parts, furniture, fixtures, leasehold improvements, motor
vehicles, accounts and notes receivable (including intercompany receivables
and notes) and prepaid expenses (and including all items which would be
included on the Business Balance Sheet except for the fact that such items
are fully depreciated or expensed), plus all items of a nature customarily
carried as assets in the accounts of the Business which have been or will be
acquired in the ordinary course of the Business consistent with past practice
between the date of the Business Balance Sheet and the Effective Time, less
any items which have been or will be disposed of or consumed in the ordinary
course of the Business consistent with past practice between the date of the
Business Balance Sheet and the Effective Time;   (b) the Business Bank
Accounts;   (c) the Business Books and Records;   (d) the Business
Contracts;   (e) the Business Leases;   (f) all of the outstanding capital
stock of the Business Subsidiaries; and   (g) all rights, claims and
privileges of the Seller and its subsidiaries (including rights to recovery
under all insurance policies of the Seller to the extent they relate to the
Business Assets or the Business Liabilities which are in effect prior to the
Effective Time and which are not being assigned to the Buyer hereunder)
arising out of or relating to the Business or to any of the Business
Assets.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Business Assets shall not mean
or include the Excluded Assets.   1.9 "Business Balance Sheet" shall have
the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.6.   1.10 "Business Bank
Accounts" shall mean all of the bank accounts of the Seller and its
subsidiaries utilized for the Business which are listed on Schedule 1.10.  
1.11 "Business Books and Records" shall mean all of the original books and
records of the Seller and its subsidiaries primarily relating to the
operations of the Business, as well as copies of those books and records of
the Seller and its subsidiaries that are necessary to the operation of the
Business, including, without limitation, all books and records relating to
the employees, the purchase of materials, supplies and services, financial,
Tax (other than any combined, joint, consolidated or unitary Tax return
information), legal, environmental, software licenses, operating keys for any
proprietary software or source codes, accounting and operations matters,
product engineering, research and development, manufacture and sale of
products and dealings with vendors, suppliers, governmental entities, third
parties and customers of the Business. As used herein, books and records
shall include but not be limited to all computerized books and records and
other computerized storage media and the software used in connection
therewith.   1.12 "Business Contracts" shall mean all contracts, agreements
and commitments of the Seller and its subsidiaries only to the extent any
relate to the Business, including, without limitation, (a) the contracts,
agreements and commitments listed in Schedule 3.10(a) referred to in Section
3.10(a), and (b) all contracts, agreements and commitments of the Seller
relating to the Business which are entered into between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time and expressly permitted by this Agreement,
excluding, however, all contracts, agreements and commitments which (1)
expire in accordance with their terms prior to the Effective Time or are
terminated in the ordinary course of the Business or (2) are listed in
Schedule 1.12.   1.13 "business day" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 10.9.   1.14 "Business Employees" shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 6.1(a).   1.15 "Business Financial Statements"
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.6.   1.16 "Business
Intellectual Property" shall mean all letters patent, patents, trademarks,
trade names, service marks, copyrights (including registrations and
applications for any of the foregoing), licenses, technology, know-how, trade
secrets, tangible or intangible proprietary information or material, formulae
and inventions owned or licensed by the Seller or any of its subsidiaries
that are used in or relate to any extent to the Business including, without
limitation, (a) all items listed in Schedule 3.12 referred to in Section 3.12
and (b) all such items which are acquired or developed for use to any extent
in the business of the Business between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time, excluding, however, all such items which expire in accordance
with their terms in the ordinary course of the Business prior to the
Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Business Intellectual
Property shall not include the name and mark "Dexter."   1.17 "Business
Inventory" shall mean all inventories owned by the Seller or its subsidiaries
relating to the Business or the Business Assets, wherever located, including
all packaging, finished goods, raw materials, supplies, work in process,
spare parts and other miscellaneous items of tangible property normally
considered part of "inventory" under GAAP, consistently applied.   1.18
"Business Leases" shall mean all leases of the Seller and its subsidiaries
exclusively relating to the Business (whether entered into as lessor or
lessee), including, without limitation, (a) the leases listed in Schedule
3.11 referred to in Section 3.11, and (b) all leases of the Seller and its
subsidiaries relating to the Business that are entered into between the date
of this Agreement and the Effective Time and expressly permitted by this
Agreement, excluding, however, all leases which will expire in accordance
with their terms prior to the Effective Time.   1.19 "Business Liabilities"
shall mean:   (a) all of the obligations and liabilities of the Seller and
its subsidiaries specifically accrued or reserved against in the Business
Balance Sheet (including intercompany payables and loans) which have not been
or will not be satisfied or discharged at or prior to the Effective Time;  
(b) all of the obligations and liabilities of the Seller and its subsidiaries
relating to the Business of the type customarily accrued, reserved against or
reflected in the accounts of the Business, arising between the date of the
Business Balance Sheet and the Effective Time in the ordinary course of the
Business, which have not been or will not be satisfied or discharged at or
prior to the Effective Time;   (c) all claims against and liabilities of the
Seller, including, compensatory, punitive damages, known or unknown, direct
or indirect, including all cost and expenses relating thereto, arising
before or after the Effective Time out of the Business Assets or the Business
but only to the extent related to such Assets or Business as
heretofore currently or hereafter conducted, including those related to (i)
product liability, (ii) general tort liability, and (iii) any contract,
agreement, commitment, lease, license or other instrument or obligation of
the Seller or any of its subsidiaries included within the Business Assets and
then only to the extent assumed by Buyer;   (d) the obligations and
liabilities being assumed by the Buyer pursuant to Article VI; and   (e)
the obligations and liabilities listed on Schedule 3.7 referred to in Section
3.7.   1.20 "Business Real Properties" shall mean all of the
real properties of the Seller and its subsidiaries used to operate the
Business which are listed in Schedule 3.9 referred to in Section 3.9.  
1.21 "Business Subsidiaries" shall mean the subsidiaries listed on Schedule
1.21.   1.22 "Business Subsidiaries\' Intercompany Payables" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.6(f).   1.23 "Business Subsidiaries\'
Intercompany Receivables" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.6(f).   1.24 "Buyer" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
the Introduction.   1.25 "Buyer Returns" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 8.1(a).   1.26 "Claim" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 12.2.   1.27 "Closing" shall mean the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by Article II of this Agreement in
accordance with the terms and upon the conditions set forth in Article
II.   1.28 "Closing Date" shall mean the third business day following the
later to occur of (i) the expiration or termination of all waiting periods,
including any extensions thereof, if any, which are applicable to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement pursuant to Title II of the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder (the "HSR Act") and (ii) the satisfaction of all
of the conditions to each party\'s obligations hereunder or the waiver
thereof by the party entitled to the benefit thereof; or such other date as
the parties hereto agree upon in writing.   1.29 "Closing Date Balance
Sheet" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.6(a)(iv).  
1.30 "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
1.31 "Computer Systems" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
3.23.   1.32 "Consideration" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 2.3(a).   1.33 "Consolidated Income Tax Returns" shall mean (i)
a consolidated United States federal income Tax return within the meaning
of Section 1501 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations under Section 1502
of the Code, including the computation of separate taxable income for
each member of the consolidated group and preparation of any pro forma
company Tax returns, and (ii) any other combined, joint, consolidated or
unitary income Tax return, report and form required to be filed with any
Tax authority, other than any Tax return, report or form that includes only
the Business Subsidiaries.   1.34 "Dexter Acquisition Proposal" shall mean
a written proposal for the acquisition of the Seller as an entirety (whether
by way of merger, consolidation, share exchange, tender offer, sale of all
or substantially all the assets of the Seller or otherwise) and shall
include any tender offer or exchange offer to the Seller\'s shareholders
which proposes to acquire all outstanding shares of the Seller.   1.35
"Dexter Acquisition Transaction" shall mean any business combination
transaction in which (x) the Seller is merged with or into another
corporation and all of the outstanding shares of the Seller are purchased or
acquired or (y) at least a majority of the outstanding shares of the Seller
are purchased or acquired in a tender offer or an exchange offer.   1.36
"Department of Justice" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
5.5(a).   1.37 "Dexter Name License Agreement" shall have the
meaning ascribed thereto in Section 5.10.   1.38 "Draft Allocation" shall
have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8.1(e).   1.39 "Effective
Time" shall mean the close of business on the Closing Date at which time the
Closing and all transactions contemplated thereby shall be deemed to have
occurred simultaneously; provided that the Closing has actually occurred.  
1.40 "Environmental Claim" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
3.21(d)(1).   1.41 "Environmental Law" shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 3.21(d)(2).   1.42 "Environmental Permits"
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.21(a).   1.43 "ERISA"
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.14(a).   1.44 "ERISA
Affiliate" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.14(a).  
1.45 "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.   1.46 "Excluded Assets" shall mean (i) cash and cash equivalents
(other than cash and cash equivalents of the Foreign Business Subsidiaries);
(ii) all of the rights, claims and privileges of the Seller relating to
liabilities other than the Business Liabilities; (iii) all contracts of
insurance (but not including rights to recovery thereunder included in the
Business Assets); (iv) all rights to all refunds of any Taxes (except to the
extent such refunds have been accrued and included on the Closing Date
Balance Sheet); (v) those contracts, agreements, leases and other assets
listed in Schedule 1.46; and (vi) all property and assets of the Business
that are not primarily used or to be used in the Business, including the name
and mark "Dexter."   1.47 "Final Allocation" shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 8.1(e).   1.48 "Foreign Business Subsidiaries"
shall mean the Business Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 1.48.   1.49 "FTC"
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 5.5(a).   1.50 "GAAP"
shall mean United States generally accepted accounting principles.   1.51
"Governmental Entity" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
3.5.   1.52 "Hazardous Materials" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in Section 3.21(d)(3).   1.53 "Henkel" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 4.2.   1.54 "HSR Act" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 1.10.   1.55 "Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 12.2(a).   1.56 "Indemnifying Party" shall have
the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 12.2(a).   1.57 "Indemnification
Period" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Article XI.   1.58
"Independent Accountants" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
2.6(a)(iv).   1.59 "Intercompany Accounts" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.6(f)(ii).   1.60 "Law" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in Section 3.5.   1.61 "Lien" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in Section 3.3(b).   1.62 "Losses" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in Section 12.1.   1.63 "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean any state
of facts, event, change or effect having a material adverse effect on
the assets, financial condition, business, liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) or results of operations or future prospects of the
Business, taken as a whole, excluding any such effect resulting from or
arising in connection with (A) this Agreement, the transactions contemplated
hereby or the announcement thereof or (B) changes that generally affect the
adhesives industry.   1.64 "Net Asset Value" shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 2.6(d).   1.65 "Permitted Exceptions" shall
mean as of the date of this Agreement only (i) those exceptions to title to
the Business Assets listed in Schedule 3.9 referred to in Section 3.9; (ii)
Liens that secure debt that is reflected as a Specialty Polymer Liability on
the Business Balance Sheet with respect to which no default or potential
for acceleration exists; (iii) Liens securing all or a portion of the
purchase price of a Business Asset which arose in connection with the
purchase of such Business Asset after the date of the Business Balance Sheet
but only to the extent specifically listed on Schedule 1.41; (iv) statutory
Liens for Taxes not yet due or delinquent or the validity of which is
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserved on
the Business Balance Sheet; (v) recorded Liens of carriers\',
warehousemen\'s, mechanics\' and materialmen\'s and other like Liens arising
in the ordinary course of the Business consistent with past practice for sums
not yet due and payable or delinquent or the validity of which is being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserved on the
Business Balance Sheet; (vi) all exceptions, restrictions, easements, rights
of way and encumbrances set forth in the title insurance policies listed in
Schedule 3.20 referred to in Section 3.20; and (vii) other Liens that are
not material in amount or do not materially detract from the value of
or materially impair the use of the property affected by such Lien.   1.66
"person" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 10.9.   1.67
"Plans" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.14(a).   1.68
"Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 2.6(a)(i).   1.69 "Potential Grow-In Employees" shall
have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.2(b).   1.70 "Purchase
Price" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.3(b).   1.71
"Retirees" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.2(b).  
1.72 "Section 338(h)(10) Election" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 8.1(f).   1.73 "Seller" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
the Introduction.   1.74 "subsidiary" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 10.9.   1.75 "Target Net Asset Value" shall have the
meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.6(d).   1.76 "Tax Indemnified Party"
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8.2(e).   1.77 "Tax
Indemnifying Party" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
8.2(e).   1.78 "Tax Third Party Claim" shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 8.2(e).   1.79 "Taxes" shall mean all taxes,
however denominated, including any interest, penalties or additions to tax
that may become payable in respect thereof, imposed by any government, which
taxes shall include without limitation, all income taxes, payroll and
employee withholding taxes, gross receipt taxes, occupation taxes, real and
personal property taxes, stamp taxes, transfer taxes, workers\' compensation
taxes and other obligations of the same or a similar nature, whether
arising before, on or after the Effective Time; and "Tax" shall mean any one
of the foregoing.   1.80 "Third Party Claim" shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 12.2(a).   1.81 "Transferred Employees" shall
have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.1(a).   1.82 "Undertaking
and Indemnity Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section
2.3(a).   1.83 "Vested Eligible Employees" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 6.2(b).   1.84 "WARN" shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 6.2(e).   1.85 "WARN Obligations" shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 6.2(e).    ARTICLE II   THE CLOSING   2.1
Time and Place of Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the Closing will take place at the offices of Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP, Four Times Square, New York, New York, at 9:30
A.M. (local time) on the Closing Date or at such other place or time or both
as the parties may agree.   2.2 Purchase and Sale of the Business Assets.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (or, with respect to
any condition not satisfied, the written waiver thereof by the party for
whose benefit the condition exists) the Seller will sell, convey, assign,
transfer and deliver, or cause to be sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred
and delivered all of its direct or indirect right, title and interest at the
Effective Time in and to the Business Assets, (other than the Business Assets
owned or held by the Business Subsidiaries, the capital stock of which is
being transferred directly or indirectly by the Seller to the Buyer), and
the Buyer will purchase, acquire, accept and pay for, as hereinafter
provided, the Business Assets (other than the Business Assets owned or held
by Business Subsidiaries, the capital stock of which is being
transferred directly or indirectly by the Seller to the Buyer) and will
assume the Business Liabilities.   2.3 Consideration for the Assets.  
(a) Total Consideration. The aggregate consideration (the "Consideration")
for the Business Assets (other than the Business Assets owned or held by
Business Subsidiaries, the capital stock of which is being transferred
directly or indirectly by the Seller to the Buyer) shall consist of (i) the
assumption by the Buyer of the Business Liabilities and the indemnification
of the Seller by the Buyer with respect to the Business Liabilities, in each
case pursuant to an Undertaking and Indemnity Agreement substantially in the
form of Exhibit A to this Agreement (the "Undertaking and Indemnity
Agreement"), and (ii) payment or delivery of the Purchase Price by the Buyer
to the Seller.   (b) Amount of Purchase Price. The portion of
the Consideration constituting the purchase price (the "Purchase Price")
shall be an amount in cash equal to $400,000,000. The Purchase Price shall
be subject to the adjustment set forth in Section 2.6.   2.4 Deliveries by
the Seller. At the Closing, the Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered
the following to the Buyer:   (a) Stock certificates representing all of the
shares of capital stock of each of the Business Subsidiaries, in each
case accompanied by stock powers duly executed in blank or duly
executed instruments of transfer and all minute books, corporate records,
corporate authorizations, and other documentation pertaining or related to
the formation, existence, or organization of each Business Subsidiary, which
to the extent such books, records, authorizations and documentation reside
at the principal executive office of such Business Subsidiary shall be
deemed delivered by delivery of the stock certificates of such
Subsidiary.   (b) Special warranty deeds (subject to Permitted Exceptions),
in recordable form, with respect to the Business Real Properties owned by the
Seller or any of its subsidiaries (other than the Business Subsidiaries),
togther with all currently existing surveys and title insurance policies for
the Business Real Properties.   (c) A duly executed bill of sale
substantially in the form of Exhibit B to this Agreement (the "Bill of
Sale"), together with such other appropriate instruments of transfer as the
Buyer may reasonably request, transferring to the Buyer all of the personal
and intangible property owned or held by the Seller as of the Effective Time
which is included in the Business Assets (other than the Business Assets
owned or held by Business Subsidiaries, the capital stock of which is
being transferred directly or indirectly by the Seller to the Buyer).   (d)
Duly executed instruments of assignment (including original consents to all
such assignments obtained in accordance with Section 5.5(a)(i)) of the
Business Leases to which the Seller or any of its subsidiaries (other than
the Business Subsidiaries) is a party, in recordable form if and to the
extent necessary with respect to those relating to real property or interests
therein.   (e) Duly executed instruments of assignment (including original
consents to all such assignments obtained in accordance with Section
5.5(a)(i)) of the Business Contracts to which the Seller or any of its
subsidiaries (other than the Business Subsidiaries) is a party.   (f) Duly
executed instruments of assignment or transfer of the Business Intellectual
Property owned or held by the Seller or any of its subsidiaries (other than
the Business Subsidiaries), in form suitable for recording in the appropriate
office or bureau, and the original certificates, if available, of such
Business Intellectual Property together with any powers of attorney necessary
to make the conveyance effective.   (g) Duly executed counterpart of the
Dexter Name License Agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit D
hereto.   (h) Duly executed instruments of assignment of the Business Bank
Accounts, including a complete list of such accounts with balances as of a
recent date.   (i) All consents obtained as contemplated by
Sections 5.5(a)(i) and 7.3(d).   (j) The Undertaking and Indemnity
Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, duly
executed by the Seller.   (k) Such other and further instruments of
conveyance, assignment and transfer as the Buyer may reasonably request for
the effective conveyance and transfer of any of the Business Assets.   (l)
The certificates contemplated by Sections 7.3 and 7.4.   (m) Duly executed
resignations of the officers and directors of the Business Subsidiaries.  
(n) The Business Books and Records, which to the extent reside at the
principal executive office of a Business Subsidiary, shall be deemed
delivered by delivery of the stock certificates contemplated by Section
2.4(a) or if located at a facility of the Business such books and records
shall be deemed delivered by transfer of the facility pursuant hereto.  
2.5 Delivery by the Buyer. At the Closing, the Buyer shall deliver the
following to the Seller.   (a) The Purchase Price by (i) the wire transfer
of immediately available funds to a bank account designated in writing by
the Seller at least two business days prior to the Closing Date in any bank
in the continental United States or (ii) such means as are otherwise agreed
in writing upon by the Buyer and the Seller.   (b) All consents obtained as
contemplated by Section 5.5(a)(i) and 7.2(d).   (c) Duly executed
counterpart of the Dexter Name License Agreement, substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit D.   (d) The Undertaking and Indemnity Agreement
duly executed by the Buyer, substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A.   (e) The certificates contemplated by Sections 7.2
and 7.4.   2.6 Post-Closing Adjustment.   (a) (i) Within 45 days
following the Effective Time, the Seller shall prepare and deliver a balance
sheet of the Business as of the Closing Date (the "Preliminary Closing Date
Balance Sheet"). The Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet will present
fairly the consolidated financial position of the Business as of the Closing
Date and will be in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with
the Business Balance Sheet and shall include the same line item
classifications as are set forth in the Business Balance Sheet; provided,
however, that the following principles shall in any event govern the
preparation of the Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet:   (1) The
Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet shall be  determined in United States
dollars on a going concern basis  in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis
consistent with  the Business Balance Sheet and shall include all Business 
Assets and Business Liabilities required by GAAP applied on  a basis
consistent with the Business Balance Sheet to be  included therein, except as
otherwise specified in Schedule  2.6(a)(i)(1) or in this Section 2.6(a),
including, without  limitation, using the same account classifications,
useful  lives and depreciation/amortization schedules for 
depreciable/amortizable assets, closing procedures and  levels of
materiality.   (2) There shall be recorded on the Preliminary Closing Date 
Balance Sheet an asset in respect of the amount of cash and  cash equivalents
of the Foreign Business Subsidiaries  reflected on the Business Books and
Records as of the  Closing Date.   (3) There shall be recorded on the
Preliminary Closing Date  Balance Sheet an asset or liability, as the case
may be, for  the net Intercompany Accounts reflected on the Business  Books
and Records as of the Closing Date for the Business.   (4) For purposes of
determining the Preliminary Closing Date  Balance Sheet, amounts in excess of
2% for any of the  specific line items shall be considered material.   (ii)
The Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet shall be accompanied by an audit
report (in the form previously agreed to by the parties) of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent public accountants, stating that the
Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet and the Net Asset Value appearing on
the Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet were determined in accordance with
this Section 2.6.   (iii) Upon receipt of the Preliminary Closing
Date Balance Sheet, the Buyer and its independent certified public
accountants shall have the right during the succeeding 20-day period to
review, at the Buyer\'s expense, the Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet
and to examine and review all records and work papers and other supporting
documents used to prepare such Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet. The
Buyer shall notify the Seller, in writing, on or before the last day of the
20-day period, of any good faith objections to the Preliminary Closing
Date Balance Sheet, setting forth a reasonably specific description of
the Buyer\'s objections and the dollar amount of each objection. If the
Buyer does not deliver such notice within such 20-day period, the
Preliminary Closing Date Balance Sheet shall be deemed to have been accepted
by the Buyer.   (iv) If the Buyer in good faith objects to the Preliminary
Closing Date Balance Sheet, the Seller and the Buyer shall attempt to resolve
any such objections within 10 days of the Seller\'s receipt of the Buyer\'s
objections. If the Seller and the Buyer are unable to resolve the matter
within such 10-day period, they shall jointly appoint an impartial nationally
recognized independent certified public accounting firm (the "Independent
Accountants") mutually acceptable to the Buyer and the Seller (or, if they
cannot agree on a mutually acceptable firm, they shall cause their respective
accounting firms to select such firm) within 2 days of the end of such 10-day
period. The Seller and the Buyer shall provide to the Independent Accountants
full cooperation. The Independent Accountants shall be instructed to reach
their conclusion regarding the dispute within 10 days or within such longer
time period as the parties may otherwise agree. Any such resolution shall be
conclusive and binding on the Buyer and the Seller and shall be made applying
the principles set forth in Section 2.6(a)(i). The Preliminary Closing
Date Balance Sheet after the acceptance thereof by the Buyer or the
resolution of all disputes in connection therewith is referred to herein as
the "Closing Date Balance Sheet."   (v) All fees payable to the Independent
Accountants as a result of any objections raised to the Preliminary Closing
Date Balance Sheet shall be divided equally between the Buyer and the
Seller.   (b) If the amount of the Net Asset Value as reflected in the
Closing Date Balance Sheet is less than the amount of the Target Net Asset
Value, then the Purchase Price shall be reduced by the amount of
such deficit. Any adjustments in the Purchase Price pursuant to this
Section 2.6(b) shall be paid by the Seller by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by the Buyer.
Any payments required pursuant to this Section 2.6(b) shall be made within
2 business days after the Closing Date Balance Sheet becomes final
and binding on the parties.   (c) If the amount of the Net Asset Value as
reflected in the Closing Date Balance Sheet exceeds the amount of the Target
Net Asset Value, then the Purchase Price shall be increased by the amount
of such excess. Any adjustments in the Purchase Price pursuant to this
Section 2.6(c) shall be paid by the Buyer by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account designated in writing by the Seller. Any
payments required pursuant to this Section 2.6(c) shall be made within 2
business days after the Closing Date Balance Sheet becomes final and binding
on the parties.   (d) For purposes of this Section 2.6, "Net Asset Value"
shall mean "Net Equity" as shown on the Closing Date Balance Sheet, less the
sum of the amounts shown thereon for "Patents, net" and "Goodwill, net," in
each case determined in a manner consistent with the preparation of the
Business Balance Sheet, and "Target Net Asset Value" shall
equal $121,090,000.   (e) If the adjustment in the Purchase Price
pursuant to Section 2.6(b) or Section 2.6(c) exceeds $100,000 interest shall
be paid on the amount of the adjustment from the Closing Date to the date
of payment at the rate prescribed by J.P. Morgan and Company Incorporated as
its "prime rate" on the Closing Date.   (f) (i) All Intercompany Accounts
will be deemed fully paid and discharged as of the Effective Time through the
adjustment to the payment provided for in this Section 2.6, which, as between
the Seller and the Buyer, shall constitute a final settlement of all
such Intercompany Accounts. The Seller and the Buyer shall each be
responsible for settling such Intercompany Accounts with their respective
subsidiaries. For purposes of determining the Net Asset Value, the amount of
the Intercompany Accounts owed to the Business Subsidiaries immediately
prior to the Effective Time (the "Business Subsidiaries\'
Intercompany Receivables") shall be offset against the amount of all
Intercompany Accounts owed by the Business Subsidiaries immediately prior to
the Evaluation Time ("Business Subsidiaries\' Intercompany Payables"), and
the difference shall be an adjustment to the Net Asset Value as follows:  
(A) The Net Asset Value shall be reduced by  the amount, if any, by which the
Business  Subsidiaries\' Intercompany Receivables immediately  prior to the
Effective Time exceeded the Business  Subsidiaries\' Intercompany Payables;
or   (B) The Net Asset Value shall be increased by  the amount, if any, by
which the Business  Subsidiaries\' Intercompany Payables immediately prior 
to the Effective Time exceeded the Business  Subsidiaries\' Intercompany
Receivables.   (ii) For the purposes of this Section 2.6, "Intercompany
Accounts" shall mean all amounts, regardless of their nature, that are (a)
owed by any of the Business Subsidiaries to the Seller or any other
subsidiary of the Seller, other than another of the Business Subsidiaries, or
(b) owed by the Seller or any subsidiary of the Seller, other than one of the
Business Subsidiaries, to any of the Business Subsidiaries.   (g) Unless
otherwise required by Law, the parties shall treat any adjustment made
pursuant to Section 2.6(b) or Section 2.6(c) as an adjustment to the Purchase
Price for federal, state and local income Tax purposes.    ARTICLE III  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER   The Seller represents and
warrants to the Buyer as follows:   3.1 Organization; Qualification.   (a)
Each of the Seller and the Business Subsidiaries is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and, in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation (to the extent applicable in the case of
the Foreign Business Subsidiaries) and has all requisite corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as now being conducted or as presently contemplated to be
conducted.   (b) Each of the Seller and the Business Subsidiaries is duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business (to the extent
applicable in the case of the Foreign Business Subsidiaries) in
each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or
the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification
necessary, except in those jurisdictions where the failure to be so duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) The Seller has heretofore
made available to the Buyer complete and correct copies of the Certificate of
Incorporation and By-laws (or other similar charter, by-law or other
organizational documents), as currently in effect, of the Seller and each of
the Business Subsidiaries (domestic or foreign).   3.2 Capital Stock. The
authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of each of the Business
Subsidiaries is set forth in Schedule 1.21. All the outstanding shares of
capital stock of each of the Business Subsidiaries are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Except for the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and except as set forth on Schedule 1.21, (1)
there are no shares of capital stock of any of the Business Subsidiaries
authorized or as of the date of this Agreement issued or outstanding, (2) as
of the date of this Agreement there are no authorized or outstanding options,
warrants, calls, preemptive rights, subscriptions or other rights,
agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character relating to the
issued or unissued capital stock of the Business Subsidiaries, obligating any
Business Subsidiary to issue, transfer or sell or cause to be issued,
transferred or sold any shares of capital stock or other equity interest in
it or any other Business Subsidiary or securities convertible into or
exchangeable for such shares or equity interests, or obligating any Business
Subsidiary to grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call,
subscription or other right, agreement, arrangement or commitment, and (3)
there are no outstanding contractual obligations of any Business Subsidiary
to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any capital stock of any of
the Business Subsidiaries or to provide funds to make any investment (in
the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any other
entity. Seller has actual possession directly or indirectly of 100% of the
issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Business
Subsidiary (domestic or foreign) other than director qualifying or similar
shares, and Seller will transfer and deliver to Buyer 100% of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Business Subsidiary at
Closing.   3.3 Equity Investments.   (a) Schedule 3.3(a) sets forth: (i)
the name of each corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity
(other than the Business Subsidiaries) in which the Seller has, or pursuant
to any agreement has the right to acquire by any means, directly or
indirectly, an equity interest or investment and which, in each case, is a
Business Asset; (ii) in the case of each of such person described in the
foregoing clause (i), either (x) a listing of the relevant agreement or
agreements pursuant to which the Seller has acquired such right or such
interest or investment or (y) (A) the jurisdiction of incorporation and (B)
the authorized and outstanding capitalization thereof and the percentage of
each class of voting capital stock owned, directly or indirectly, by the
Seller.   (b) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.3(b), the Seller\'s
interest in each of the persons listed on Schedule 3.3(a) which are stated to
be owned directly or indirectly by the Seller (except for directors\'
qualifying shares, if any, which the Seller will cause to be transferred at
the Effective Time to nominees of the Buyer), will, after giving effect to
the transactions contemplated hereby, be owned by the Buyer, directly or
indirectly, in each case; free and clear of all liens, pledges, charges,
security interests and other encumbrances (each a "Lien").   3.4 Authority
Relative to this Agreement. The Seller has the corporate power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by
the Board of Directors of the Seller and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of the Seller are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by the Seller and constitutes, assuming
this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer, a
valid and binding agreement of the Seller, enforceable against it in
accordance with its terms.   3.5 No Violation. Except for the filings,
permits, authorizations, consents and approvals set forth in Schedule 3.5 or
as may be required under the applicable requirements of the HSR Act or
the anti-competition laws or regulations of the European Union or any
foreign jurisdiction in which the Seller or the Buyer (directly or
through subsidiaries, in each case) has material assets or conducts
material operations and any applicable "bulk sales" laws, none of the
execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Seller, the
consummation by the Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby or
compliance by the Seller with any of the provisions hereof will (i) conflict
with or result in any breach of any provision of the certificate of
incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational documents of the Seller or
any of the Business Subsidiaries (domestic or foreign), (ii) require any
filing with, or permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any federal,
regional, state or local court, arbitrator, tribunal, administrative agency
or commission or other governmental or other regulatory authority or agency,
whether U.S. or foreign (a "Governmental Entity"), (iii) result in a
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of
time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, amendment,
cancellation or acceleration) under, or result in the creation of a Lien on
any Business Asset (domestic or foreign) pursuant to, any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease,
license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the
Seller or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any
of their properties or assets may be bound, or (iv) violate any order,
writ, injunction, decree, judgment, permit, license, ordinance, law,
statute, rule or regulation ("Law") applicable to the Seller, any of the
Business Subsidiaries (domestic or foreign) or any of the Business Assets,
excluding from the foregoing clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) such filings,
permits, authorizations, consents, approvals, violations, breaches, defaults
or Liens which are not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect.   3.6 Financial Statements. The Seller
has previously furnished to the Buyer (i) an unaudited consolidated balance
sheet and statement of income of the Business for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999, and (ii) an unaudited consolidated balance sheet and
statement of income of the Business as of March 31, 2000, and for the year-
to-date period then ended. The financial statements referred to in Section
3.6(i) and Section 3.6(ii) are hereinafter referred to herein as the
"Business Financial Statements" and the unaudited consolidated balance sheet
of the Business as of March 31, 2000, a copy of which is attached hereto
as Exhibit C, is referred to herein as the "Business Balance Sheet." Except
as set forth in Schedule 3.6, the Business Financial Statements and
the Business Balance Sheet have been prepared from the books and records of
the Business, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on
a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as may
be indicated in the notes thereto) and each balance sheet included
therein presents fairly the financial position of the Business Business as of
the date thereof, and each statement of income included therein presents
fairly the results of operations of the Business for the respective
periods therein set forth, except that the interim financial statements are
subject to normal recurring year-end adjustments and are in a
condensed presentation format and do not contain footnotes.   3.7 Absence
of Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.7, there is no
liability or obligation (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise)
that is a Business Liability, and no Business Subsidiary (foreign or
domestic) has any liability or obligation, (whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise), in each case of a nature required by GAAP to be
reflected or reserved against in a balance sheet or disclosed in the notes
thereto, except such liabilities, obligations or contingencies (i) that are
adequately reflected, accrued or reserved against in the Business Balance
Sheet or reflected in the notes thereto, (ii) which were incurred after the
date of the Business Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of the Business
consistent with past practice, or (iii) which individually or in the
aggregate will not have a Material Adverse Effect.   3.8 Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.8 or as otherwise
contemplated by this Agreement, since the date of the Business Balance Sheet,
there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Effect; or (b) any state of
facts, event, change or condition (which is not attributable to adverse
economic, market and industry conditions generally applicable to the Business
Business), including any adverse changes with respect to employees,
customers, suppliers or products, which could reasonably be expected to cause
a Material Adverse Effect.   3.9 Title and Related Matters. Except as set
forth in Schedule 3.9 and subject to Permitted Exceptions: (a) the Seller or
a Business Subsidiary has, and immediately after the Effective Time,
the Buyer or a Business Subsidiary will have, good and valid title to, or
a valid leasehold or contractual interest in, free and clear of all
Liens, all of the Business Assets (other than the Business Real Properties);
and (b) the Seller or a Business Subsidiary has, and immediately after
the Effective Time, the Buyer or a Business Subsidiary will have, good
and marketable title (such as any reputable title insurance company licensed
to do business in the jurisdiction in which such Business Real Property
is located will approve and insure at customary market rates subject only
to Permitted Exceptions) to all of the Business Real Properties. Schedule
3.9 contains (x) a complete and correct list of all Business Real
Properties, (y) a complete and correct list of each title insurance policy
insuring title to any of the Business Real Properties and (z) violations of
any zoning or Environmental Laws that are actually known by any directors
or executive officers of the Seller or, to the best knowledge of the
Seller, suspected.   3.10 Contracts.   (a) Schedule 3.10(a) sets forth a
complete and correct list of each Business Contract which, as of the date
hereof, (i) is a collective bargaining agreement or any agreement that
contains any severance pay liabilities or obligations; (ii) is an employment
or consulting agreement or contract with an employee or individual
consultant or a consulting agreement or contract with a consulting firm or
other organization (other than employment agreements that are created as a
matter of Law); (iii) is a note, bond or debenture or other agreement
or instrument relating to borrowed money or an agreement of guarantee
or indemnification running to any person other than a Business
Subsidiary; (iv) is an agreement or contract containing any covenant limiting
the freedom of the Seller or any of its subsidiaries to engage in any line
of business or compete with any person; (v) provides for aggregate
future payments of more than $250,000; (vi) provides for aggregate future
payments in excess of $100,000, has a term exceeding one year and which may
not be cancelled upon 90 or fewer days\' notice without any liability,
penalty or premium (other than a nominal cancellation fee or charge); or
(vii) is material to the business, operations or financial condition of the
Business taken as a whole; provided that Schedule 3.10(a) does not list any
Business Contract for the purchase or sale of goods or services entered into
in the ordinary course of the Business which may be cancelled on 90 or fewer
days\' notice without any liability, penalty or premium (other than a
nominal cancellation fee or charge).   (b) Except as set forth in Schedule
3.10(b), (i) each Business Contract is in full force and effect, and (ii)
there is not, with respect to the Business Contracts, any existing default,
or event of default, or event which with or without due notice or lapse of
time or both would constitute a default or event of default, on the part of
the Seller or any Business Subsidiary or to the best knowledge of the Seller
any other party thereto, except where the failure to be in full force and
effect or where such default or event of default would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.   3.11 Leases. Schedule 3.11 sets forth a complete and
correct list of each Business Lease which (i) relates to real property;
(ii) provides for aggregate future payments of more than $250,000;
(iii) provides for aggregate future payments in excess of $100,000, has a
term exceeding one year and which may not be cancelled upon 90 or fewer
days\' notice without any liability, penalty or premium (other than a
nominal cancellation fee or charge); or (iv) is material to the
business, operations or financial condition of the Business taken as a whole.
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.11, there is not with respect to the
Business Leases, any existing default, or event of default, or event which
with or without due notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a
default or an event of default, on the part of the Seller or any Business
Subsidiary or, to the best knowledge of the Seller, any other party thereto,
except for such defaults or events of default which individually or in
the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect. At the Effective
Time and upon receipt of any necessary consents with respect thereto
(which shall be provided to the Buyer by the Seller at Closing as may be
required pursuant to Section 5.5(a)(i) or Section 7.3(d)), the Business
Leases will be valid, binding and enforceable by the Buyer, one of its
subsidiaries designated pursuant to Section 10.6 as the assignee thereof or a
Business Subsidiary in accordance with their respective terms, except for
those Business Leases as to which the failure to be valid, binding
and enforceable would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   3.12 Patents,
Trademarks and Similar Rights. Schedule 3.12 sets forth a complete and
correct list of worldwide patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks,
copyrights, copyright registrations and applications, together with
appropriate registration numbers that are included in the Business
Intellectual Property. Subject to the licenses and other restrictions listed
in Schedule 3.12, the Seller or one of its subsidiaries owns or holds, and,
at the Effective Time, the Buyer or a Business Subsidiary will own or hold,
the Business Intellectual Property in each case free and clear of all Liens,
pledges, charges, security interests and other encumbrances, except where the
failure to so own or hold would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as
set forth in Schedule 3.12, the Seller has not received written notice to the
effect that: (i) any Business Intellectual Property presently being sold or
employed by the Business infringes upon or conflicts with any rights owned or
held by any other person; (ii) any person is infringing any Business
Intellectual Property; or (iii) there is pending or, to the best knowledge of
the Seller, threatened any claim or litigation against the Seller or any of
its subsidiaries contesting the rights of the Seller or any of its
subsidiaries to the Business Intellectual Property, except for any claims or
litigation which would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   3.13 Legal
Proceedings, etc. As of the date hereof, except as set forth in Schedule 3.13
and except for matters involving only monetary recovery in which the damages
sought to be imposed do not exceed $200,000 individually or $1 million in the
aggregate, there are no legal, administrative, arbitration or other
proceedings or governmental investigations pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Seller, threatened against the Business or the Business Assets.  
3.14 Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA.   (a) Schedule 3.14(a) contains a
complete and correct list of each deferred compensation, incentive
compensation or equity compensation plan; "welfare" plan, fund or program
(within the meaning of section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")); "pension" plan, fund or program
(within the meaning of section 3(2) of ERISA); each employment, termination
or severance agreement (other than employment agreements that are created as
a matter of Law); and each other material employee benefit plan, fund,
program, agreement or arrangement, in each case, that is sponsored,
maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed to by the Seller
or by any trade or business (other than Plans of the foreign Business
Subsidiaries maintained or required by applicable Law), whether or not
incorporated (an "ERISA Affiliate"), that together with the Seller would be
deemed a "single employer" within the meaning of section 4001(b) of ERISA,
for the benefit of any employee or former employee employed in the Business
(the "Plans").   (b) No liability under Title IV or section 302 of ERISA
has been incurred by the Seller or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to any of
the Plans that has not been satisfied in full, and no condition exists that
presents a material risk to the Seller or any ERISA Affiliate of incurring
any such liability, other than liability for premiums due the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation (which premiums have been paid when due).   (c) Each
Plan has been operated and administered in accordance with its terms and
applicable law, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, except as
would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and to the best knowledge of Seller
each Plan intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of section 401(a) of
the Code is so qualified and the trusts maintained thereunder are exempt from
taxation under section 501(a) of the Code.   (d) Schedule 3.14(d) sets
forth each Plan under which as a result of the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, either alone or in combination
with another event, (A) any current or former employee or officer of the
Seller or any ERISA Affiliate may become entitled to severance pay or any
other payment which is a Business Liability, except as expressly provided in
this Agreement, or (B) any compensation due any such employee or officer from
the Business may be increased or the time of payment or vesting may become
accelerated.   (e) Except as disclosed set forth in Schedule 3.14(e), there
are no pending, or to the best knowledge of the Seller, threatened claims by
or on behalf of any Plan, by any employee or beneficiary covered under any
such Plan, or otherwise involving any such Plan (other than routine claims
for benefits).   3.15 Assets Necessary to Business. Except as set forth
in Schedule 3.15 and the Excluded Assets, the Business Assets constitute
all the assets and properties utilized in or necessary to carry on the
business and operations of the Business as presently conducted in all
material respects. All such Business Assets that are material to the Business
are in good condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, to conduct the
Business as presently conducted.   3.16 Governmental Authorizations and
Regulations.   (a) All licenses, franchises, permits,
registrations, approvals and other authorizations or consents held by the
Seller and its subsidiaries to operate the business of the Business Business
(herein collectively called "Authorizations") are valid and sufficient to
conduct in all material respects the Business conducted by them in the
manner presently being conducted in all jurisdictions, domestic and
foreign, except where the failure to hold such Authorizations would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.  
(b) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.16(b), and for such violations which
individually or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse
Effect, the Business is not being conducted in violation of any applicable
Law of any Governmental Entity relating to the operation, conduct or
ownership of the Business (provided that no representation or warranty is
made in this Section 3.16(b) with respect to Environmental Laws).   3.17
Disclosure. The representations and warranties by the Seller in this
Agreement and the statements contained in the schedules, certificates and
other writings furnished and to be furnished by the Seller to the Buyer
pursuant to this Agreement, when considered as a whole and giving effect to
any supplements or amendments thereof prior to the time of signing on the
date hereof, do not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact and do not and will not omit to state any material fact necessary to
make the statements herein or therein not misleading, it being understood
that as used in this Section 3.17 "material" means material to the
Business.   3.18 Accounts Receivable. Except as provided in a reserve for
doubtful accounts, the notes and accounts receivable included in the Business
Assets are genuine and represent the legal, valid and binding obligation of
the obligor thereon, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\'
rights generally.   3.19 Taxes. Except as and to the extent shown in
Schedule 3.19, the Seller has or will have timely filed (or caused to be
filed) all returns of income Taxes and all material returns of other Taxes
required to be filed by it with respect to the Business, including any
required filings of the Business Subsidiaries (domestic or foreign), and the
Business Assets on or prior to the Effective Time, and has timely and fully
paid or provided for all Taxes shown to be due on such returns, except such
as are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. Except as
and to the extent shown in Schedule 3.19, all deficiencies for Taxes asserted
or assessments made as a result of such examinations have been fully
paid, settled or fully reflected on the books of the Seller. Except as set
forth in Schedule 3.19, neither the United States Internal Revenue Service,
nor any other taxing authority or agency, whether domestic or foreign
has asserted in writing or, to the best knowledge of the Seller, is
threatening to assert any material deficiency or claim for additional Taxes
against the Business or the Business Assets. Except as set forth in Schedule
3.19, the Seller has not granted any waiver of any statute of limitations
with respect to, or any extension of a period for the assessment of, any Tax
in respect of the Business.   3.20 Insurance. Schedule 3.20 contains a
complete and correct description of all policies of property, fire and
casualty, product liability, workers\' compensation and other forms of
insurance owned or held by the Seller covering the Business or the Business
Assets. The coverage provided under such policies of insurance is reasonable
in scope and amount in light of the risks attendant to the business and
activities of the Business.   3.21 Environmental Matters.   (a) Each of
the Seller and its subsidiaries has obtained all licenses, permits,
authorizations, approvals and consents from Governmental Entities which are
required under any applicable Environmental Law and necessary for it to carry
on the Business as now conducted ("Environmental Permits"), except for such
failures to have Environmental Permits which, individually or in the
aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of such
Environmental Permits is in full force and effect, and each of the Seller and
its subsidiaries is in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such
Environmental Permits and with all applicable Environmental Laws, except for
such failures to be in full force and effect or to be in compliance which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) There are no Environmental Claims with respect to the
Business pending, or to the best knowledge of the Seller, threatened, against
the Seller or any of its subsidiaries, or, to the best knowledge of the
Seller, any person whose liability for any such Environmental Claim
the Seller or any of its subsidiaries has or may have retained or
assumed either contractually or by operation of law that is included in
the Business Liabilities for which adequate reserves have not been
established in accordance with GAAP on the Business Books and Records, except
such Environmental Claims that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) To the best knowledge of the Seller,
there are no past or present actions, activities, circumstances, conditions,
events or incidents, including, without limitation, the release, threatened
release or presence of any Hazardous Material, that would form the basis of
any Environmental Claim relating to the Business against the Seller or any
of its subsidiaries, or for which the Seller or any of its subsidiaries
is liable, and that is included in the Business Liabilities except for
such liabilities which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have
a Material Adverse Effect.   (d) As used in this Agreement:   (1)
"Environmental Claim" means any claim, action, lawsuit or proceeding by any
person which seeks to impose liability (including, without limitation,
liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental response
costs, natural resources, damages, property damages, personal injuries or
penalties) arising out of, based on or resulting from (A) the presence, or
release or threatened release, of any Hazardous Materials at any location,
whether or not owned or operated by the Seller or any of its subsidiaries, or
(B) circumstances which would give rise to any violation, or alleged
violation, of any Environmental Law.   (2) "Environmental Law" means any law
or order of any Governmental Entity relating to (A) the generation,
treatment, storage, disposal, use, handling, manufacturing, transportation or
shipment of, or (B) the environment or to emissions, discharges, releases
or threatened releases of, Hazardous Materials, into the environment,
and includes, without limitation, the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.7401 et
seq.; Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act,
42 U.S.C.ss.9601 et seq.; Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know
Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.11000 et seq.; Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and
Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. ss.136 et seq.; Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C.ss.1251
et seq.; Oil Pollution Act, 33 U.S.C. ss.2701 et seq.; Resource Conservation
and Recover Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.6901 et seq.; Safe Water Drinking Act,
42 U.S.C.ss.300f et seq.; Toxic Substance Control Act, 15 U.S.C. ss.2601
et seq.; and Occupational Safety and Health Act 29 U.S.C.ss.651 et seq
and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any foreign
counterparts to the foregoing acts.   (3) "Hazardous Materials" means (A)
any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials or friable
asbestos; (B) any chemicals or other materials or substances which are now
defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous substances,"
"hazardous wastes," "hazardous materials," "extremely hazardous wastes,"
"restricted hazardous wastes," "toxic substances," or "toxic pollutants"
under any Environmental Law; and (C) pesticides.   3.22 Brokers. Except for
Lehman Brothers Inc., no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to
any brokerage, finder\'s or other fee or commission in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by
or on behalf of the Seller, that is or will be payable by the Seller. The
Seller is solely responsible for all fees and expenses of Lehman Brothers
Inc. payable in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   3.23 Computer Systems. The Seller has all required
computer hardware and software systems ("Computer Systems") necessary to
conduct the Business as presently conducted. The Seller\'s Computer Systems
are adequate to conduct the Business. All of the Seller\'s Computer Systems
operate pursuant to valid licenses except where the failure to have such
valid licenses would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Seller has
installed commercially available "virus protection software" on its Computer
Systems.   3.24 Product Warranty. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.24, the
products sold by the Business have been manufactured in material compliance
with applicable specifications, are or were fit for the purposes intended and
are or were substantially free from defects and are merchantable.   
ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER   The Buyer
represents and warrants to the Seller as follows:   4.1 Organization. The
Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its business as now being conducted, except where the failure to be
in good standing or to have such power and authority would not have a
material adverse effect on the ability of the Buyer to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.2 Authority Relative to
this Agreement. The Buyer has the corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and the Undertaking and Indemnity Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the Undertaking and Indemnity Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
been duly and validly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Buyer and
no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Buyer are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby except for authorization by the Shareholder\'s Committee of Henkel
KGaA, Buyer\'s parent corporation ("Henkel"). Buyer shall present this
Agreement to solicit Shareholder\'s Committee approval as expeditiously as
possible but in no event later than June 29, 2000. Upon approval of the
Shareholder\'s Committee approval, this Agreement will have been duly and
validly executed and delivered by the Buyer and shall constitute a valid and
binding agreement of the Buyer, enforceable against the Buyer in accordance
with its terms. The Undertaking and Indemnity Agreement will be, upon the
due and valid execution and delivery thereof, a valid and binding agreement
of the Buyer, enforceable against the Buyer in accordance with its terms.  
4.3 No Violation. Except for the filings, permits, authorizations, consents
and approvals set forth in Schedule 4.3 or as may be required under, and
other applicable requirements of the HSR Act or the anti-competition laws or
regulations of the European Union or any foreign jurisdiction in which the
Seller or the Buyer (directly or through subsidiaries, in each case) has
material assets or conducts material operations and any applicable "bulk
sales" laws, none of the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement
or the Undertaking and Indemnity Agreement by the Buyer, the consummation by
the Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby or compliance by the Buyer
with any of the provisions hereof will (i) conflict with or result in any
breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or
similar organizational documents of the Buyer or any of its subsidiaries,
(ii) require any filing with, or permit, authorization, consent or approval
of, any Governmental Entity, (iii) result in a violation or breach of, or
constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default
(or give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation or
acceleration) under, or result in the creation of a Lien on any property or
assets owned by the Buyer or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which the Buyer or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them
or any of their properties or assets may be bound, or (iv) violate any order,
writ, injunction, decree, judgment, permit, license, ordinance, law,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Buyer, any of its subsidiaries
or any of their properties or assets, excluding from the foregoing clauses
(ii), (iii) and (iv) such filings, permits, authorizations, consents,
approvals, violations, breaches, defaults or Liens which are not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to materially adversely
affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   4.4 Disclosure. The representation and warranties by the Buyer
in this Agreement and the statements contained in the documents (including
disclosure schedules), certificates and other writing furnished by the Buyer
to the Seller pursuant to this Agreement, when considered as a whole, and
giving effect to any supplements or amendments thereof prior to the time of
signing on the date hereof do not and will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact and do not and will not omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading, it being
understood that as used in this Section 4.4 "material" means material to
Loctite Corporation.   4.5 Financing. At or prior to the Closing Date, the
Buyer will have sufficient cash resources available to pay the Purchase
Price.   4.6 Brokers. Except for Warburg Dillon Read, no broker, finder or
investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Buyer, that is or will be
payable by the Buyer. The Buyer is solely responsible for fees and expenses
of Warburg Dillon Read payable in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.    ARTICLE V   COVENANTS OF THE
PARTIES   5.1 Conduct of Business of the Seller. Except as
otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, during the period from the date of
this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Seller will, and will cause
the Business Subsidiaries to, (1) conduct the Business only in the ordinary
and usual course of business, (2) use its reasonable best efforts to
preserve intact all rights, privileges, franchises and other authority
adequate or necessary for the conduct of the Business as currently conducted,
(3) keep available the services of the key Business Employees, and (4)
maintain good relationships with licensors, licensees, suppliers,
contractors, distributors, customers and others having significant
business relationships with the Business. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing and, except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, prior to the Effective Time without the prior written consent of
the Buyer which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed the Seller will
not permit either the Business or any Business Subsidiary (foreign or
domestic) to:   (a) (i) create, incur or assume any long-term
debt (including obligations in respect of capital leases), or, except in
the ordinary course of the Business under existing lines of credit,
create, incur or assume any short-term debt if, in either such case, such
long-term debt or short-term debt, would constitute a Business Liability;
(ii) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or
responsible (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations
of any other person if such assumption, guarantee, endorsement or other
liability would constitute a Business Liability; provided that the
Business Subsidiaries may endorse negotiable instruments in the ordinary
course of the Business;   (b) (i) increase in any manner the compensation
of any of the Business Employees, except such increases as are granted in
the ordinary course of the Business in accordance with its customary
practices (which shall include normal periodic performance reviews and
related compensation and benefit increases but not any general across-the-
board increases); (ii) pay or agree to pay any pension, retirement allowance
or other employee benefit not required or permitted by any existing
plan, agreement or arrangement to any such Business Employee, whether past
or present; or (iii) commit itself to any additional Plans or, except
as otherwise expressly required or permitted by Article VI, to amend
or terminate any of such Plans or any of such agreements in existence on
the date hereof;   (c) permit any of its current insurance
(or reinsurance) policies to be cancelled or terminated or any of the
coverage thereunder to lapse if such policy covers any Business Assets or
insures risks, contingencies or liabilities which could result in a
Business Liability, unless simultaneously with such termination, cancellation
or lapse, replacement policies providing coverage equal to or greater than
the coverage remaining under those cancelled, terminated or lapsed are in
full force and effect (it being understood that there shall be no obligation
to extend such insurance policies after the Effective Time);   (d) except
in the ordinary course of the Business consistent with past practice, (i)
sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of or agree to sell, transfer, or
otherwise dispose of, any Business Assets which have a sales price in excess
of $100,000, individually or in the aggregate, or (ii) mortgage, pledge or
otherwise encumber any Business Assets except for such mortgages or
encumbrances which constitute Permitted Exceptions;   (e) except in the
ordinary course of the Business consistent with past practice, sell,
transfer, license, abandon or otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell,
transfer, license or otherwise dispose of, any of the Business Intellectual
Property;   (f) enter into any agreements, commitments or contracts
relating to the Business, except agreements, commitments or contracts made in
the ordinary course of the Business consistent with past practice;   (g)
voluntarily consent to the termination of any Business Contract or Business
Lease by any other party thereto, or voluntarily withdraw any application
for, or permit the expiration of any renewable rights with respect to, any
Business Intellectual Property;   (h) amend its charter documents in a
manner that adversely affects the transactions contemplated hereby;   (i)
change the accounting principles used in connection with the Business unless
required by GAAP and disclosed to the Buyer prior to instituting such
changes; and   (j) enter into any agreement, contract, commitment
or arrangement to do any of the foregoing.   Notwithstanding the provisions
of the Section 5.1, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or
interpreted to prevent the Seller or any Business Subsidiary from (i) paying
or making regular or special dividends or other distributions consisting of
cash, marketable securities or property that is not a Business Asset or any
combination thereof upon prior notice to the Buyer; (ii) making, accepting or
settling intercompany loans or advances in the ordinary course of the
Business or (iii) engaging in any other transaction incident to the normal
cash management procedures of the Seller and its subsidiaries, including
short-term investments in time-deposits, certificates or deposit and
banker\'s acceptances made in the ordinary course of the Business.   5.2
Current Information.   (a) Between the date of this Agreement and
the Effective Time the Seller will cause one or more of its
designated representatives to consult as requested by the Buyer on a regular
basis with one or more designated representatives of the Buyer and to discuss
the general status of ongoing operations of the Business.   (b) The Seller
will promptly notify the Buyer of any significant change in the normal course
of business or in the operations of the Business and of any material
complaints, investigations or hearings (or communications indicating that the
same may be contemplated) of any Governmental Entity or third party, in each
case involving the Business, and will keep the Buyer informed of such events
and permit the Buyer\'s representatives access to all materials prepared in
connection therewith prior to submittal to any Governmental Entity.   (c)
The Seller shall promptly notify the Buyer of any product claims in excess of
$10,000 regarding the performance or non-performance of any product or
service of the Business or the Business Subsidiaries and provide the Buyer
with copies of all written directions to correct any non-performance.   5.3
Access to Information.   (a) Between the date of this Agreement and
the Effective Time the Seller will (i) give the Buyer and its
authorized representatives reasonable access to all plants, offices,
warehouses and other facilities and properties used in the Business and to
the Business Books and Records, (ii) permit the Buyer to make such inspection
thereof as the Buyer may reasonably request, and (iii) cause its officers to
furnish the Buyer with such financial and operating data and other
information with respect to the Business as the Buyer may from time to time
reasonably request; provided, however, that any such investigation shall be
conducted in such a manner as not to interfere materially with the operation
of the Business and the Seller shall have no obligation to disclose the
details of any trade secret included in the Business Intellectual
Property.   (b) Between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time
the Buyer will hold and will cause its officers, directors, employees,
representatives, consultants and advisors to hold in strict confidence in
accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, dated March 1,
2000, between the Buyer and the Seller, all documents and information
furnished to the Buyer by or on behalf of the Seller in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are not consummated, such confidence shall be maintained in
accordance with such Confidentiality Agreement.   (c) No investigation
pursuant to this Section 5.3 shall affect any representations and warranties
of the parties herein or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
hereto.   5.4 Expenses. Except as otherwise provided by this Agreement,
whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby will be paid by the party incurring such
costs and expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Seller shall reimburse
the Buyer for the documented reasonable fees and disbursements of one law
firm retained by the Buyer in connection with any litigation challenging the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement commenced by International
Specialty Products Inc. or any of its affiliates.   5.5 Reasonable Best
Efforts.   (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
applicable Law, each of the parties shall act in good faith and use
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to
do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to
consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
as soon as practicable. Without limiting the foregoing, the parties shall,
and shall cause their respective subsidiaries, and use reasonable best
efforts to cause their (and their respective subsidiaries\') directors,
officers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants and representatives, to
(i) obtain all consents, approvals, waivers, licenses, permits,
authorizations, registrations, qualifications or other permissions or actions
by, and give all necessary notices to, and make all filings with and
applications and submissions to, any Governmental Entity (including promptly
filing with the United States Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") and the
Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice
(the "Department of Justice") pursuant to the HSR Act all requisite
documents and notifications in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement) or other person necessary in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as
reasonably practicable; (ii) provide all such information concerning such
party, its subsidiaries and its officers, directors, employees, partners
and affiliates as may be necessary or reasonably requested in connection
with any of the foregoing; (iii) avoid the entry of, or have vacated
or terminated, any injunction, decree, order, or judgment that would
restrain, prevent, or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, including but not limited to defending through litigation on the
merits any claim asserted in any court by any person; and (iv) take any and
all reasonable steps necessary to avoid or eliminate every impediment under
any antitrust, competition, or trade regulation law that is asserted by
any Governmental Entity with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
so as to enable the consummation of such transactions to occur
as expeditiously as possible.   (b) The Seller and the Buyer shall keep the
other reasonably apprised of the status of matters relating to the completion
of the transactions contemplated hereby, including promptly furnishing
the other with copies of notices or other communications received by either
of them or by any of their respective subsidiaries, from any third
party and/or any Governmental Entity with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   5.6 Further Assurances. From
time to time including following the Closing Date, without further
consideration, the Seller will, at its own expense, execute and deliver such
documents (including any Business Books and Records that may not have been
actually delivered at the Closing) to the Buyer as the Buyer may reasonably
request in order effectively to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and to vest in the Buyer or a Business Subsidiary title to the
Business Assets (including, without limitation, assistance in the reduction
to possession of any thereof). From time to time, without further
consideration, the Buyer will, at its own expense, execute and deliver such
documents as the Seller may reasonably request in order effectively to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to perfect the assumption
by the Buyer of the Business Liabilities. In addition, following the
Effective Time the Seller will assist the Buyer in closing any or all of the
Specialty Polymer Bank Accounts as the Buyer may reasonably request.   5.7
Disclosure Supplements. From time to time after the date of this Agreement
and prior to the Effective Time, the Seller will promptly supplement or amend
the schedules referred to in Article III with respect to any matter hereafter
arising which, if existing or occurring at or prior to the date of this
Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or described in a
schedule or which is necessary to correct any information in a schedule or in
any representation and warranty of the Seller that has been rendered
inaccurate thereby. From time to time after the date of this Agreement and
prior to the Effective Time, the Buyer will promptly supplement or amend the
schedules referred to in Article IV with respect to any matter hereafter
arising which, if existing or occurring at or prior to the date of this
Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or described in a
schedule or which is necessary to correct any information so previously
disclosed or in any representation and warranty of the Buyer which has been
rendered inaccurate thereby. For purposes of determining the accuracy of the
representations and warranties of the Seller contained in Article III and the
accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Buyer contained in
Article IV in order to determine the fulfillment of the conditions set forth
in Sections 7.3(a) and 7.2(a), respectively, the schedules delivered by the
Seller and the schedules delivered by the Buyer shall be deemed to include
only that information contained therein on the date of this Agreement and
shall be deemed to exclude any information contained in any subsequent
supplement or amendment thereto.   5.8 Public Announcements. The Buyer and
the Seller agree that neither one of them will issue any press release or
otherwise make any public statement or respond to any press inquiry with
respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without
prior consultation with the other party, except as may be required by
applicable Law or the rules of any stock exchange on which such party\'s
securities are listed.   5.9 Sales and Transfer Taxes and Fees. The parties
agree that all sales and transfer Taxes and related fees (including all
real estate, patent and trademark transfer taxes and recording fees, if
any) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby will be borne one-half by the Seller and
one-half by the Buyer, and the Buyer will file all necessary Tax returns and
other documentation with reasonable assistance from Seller\'s employees, at
no additional expense to Buyer, with respect to all such sales, transfer
and recording Taxes and fees (including, without limitation, reseller or
other certificates of the Buyer reasonably requested by the Seller), and,
if required by applicable Law, the Seller will join in the execution of
any such Tax returns or other documentation.   5.10 Use of Name. Effective
upon the Effective Time, the Buyer shall have the exclusive, worldwide,
royalty-free right to use the name and mark "Dexter" solely in connection
with its conduct of the Business following the Effective Time substantially
upon the terms and conditions of the License Agreement attached hereto as
Exhibit D (the "Dexter Name License Agreement").   5.11 Insurance
Subsidiaries. The Seller will continue to operate its two wholly owned
captive insurance subsidiaries, Kettlebrook Insurance Company Ltd. and Dexter
Environmental Assurance Ltd., in the ordinary course consistent with past
practice, pending a sale of the shares of such companies. The Seller shall
not permit either company to take any action that would improperly dissipate
their reserves or their assets. In addition, in the event that the Seller
sells the shares of either Kettlebrook Insurance Company Ltd. or Dexter
Environmental Assurance Ltd., the purchaser of such shares shall agree that
neither Kettlebrook Insurance Company Ltd. or Dexter Environmental Assurance
Ltd., as the case may be, will take any action that would dissipate its
reserves or assets below an amount required to satisfy any outstanding
claims. The Buyer and the Seller will cooperate with each other in order to
pursue the possibility of transferring the assets of Kettlebrook Insurance
Company Ltd. and Dexter Environmental Assurance Ltd. to the captive insurance
company of the Buyer or a financially viable third party and the Buyer shall
have the right to elect that such a transfer be effected; provided that any
such transfer be made on a tax efficient basis and on other terms and
conditions satisfactory to both the Buyer and the Seller.   5.12
Transitional Service Agreement. The Seller and the Buyer shall, to the extent
needed in the reasonable judgment of the parties, negotiate in good faith the
terms and conditions of a transitional services agreement pursuant to which
the parties will agree to provide certain services to each other for an
agreed-upon period of time.    ARTICLE VI   SELLER EMPLOYEES   6.1
Employment.   (a) Effective as of the Effective Time, each employee of the
Seller employed in the Business immediately prior to the Effective Time (the
"Business Employees") shall cease to be an employee of the Seller and the
Buyer shall offer or cause to be offered employment, on an at-will basis, to
all Business Employees. The Buyer shall assume and be solely responsible for
and shall indemnify the Seller against any severance liability attributable
to the termination of employment of the Business Employees employed by the
Seller as of the Effective Time. Effective as of the Effective Time and until
December 31, 2001, the Buyer shall cause each Business Employee who accepts
and commences employment with the Buyer or a subsidiary of the Buyer as of
the Effective Time (the "Transferred Employees") to be provided with
compensation and employee benefit arrangements that shall, in the aggregate,
be substantially equivalent to the compensation and benefits provided by the
Seller to such Transferred Employee immediately prior to the Effective
Time.   (b) The Buyer shall cause the Transferred Employees to be given
full credit for all service with the Seller or any subsidiary of the Seller
prior to the Effective Time for purposes of eligibility, vesting and
determination of the level of benefits under any employee benefit plans or
arrangements of the Buyer or any subsidiary of the Buyer in which such
Transferred Employees\' participate from and after the Effective Time, to the
same extent such service was recognized by the Seller or any subsidiary of
the Seller immediately prior to the Effective Time. Neither the Buyer nor any
subsidiary of the Buyer shall require any Transferred Employee to undergo a
physical examination or provide other proof of insurability. The Buyer shall,
or shall cause a subsidiary of the Buyer to, (i) waive all limitations as to
preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to
participation and coverage requirements applicable to Transferred Employees
under any welfare plan in which such employees may be eligible to participate
after the Effective Time, other than limitations or waiting periods that are
already in effect with respect to such employees and that have not been
satisfied as of the Effective Time under any welfare plan of the Seller or
any subsidiary of the Seller in which Transferred Employees participate
immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) provide each Transferred
Employee with credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the
Effective Time in satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-pocket
requirements under any welfare plans in which such employees are eligible to
participate after the Effective Time, as if those deductibles or co-payments
had been paid under the welfare plans in which such employees are eligible to
participate after the Effective Time.   (c) Subject to Section 6.2, the
Seller shall remain responsible for, and shall indemnify and hold harmless
the Buyer against, any and all claims, losses, damages, costs and expenses
and other liabilities (other than those constituting Business Liabilities)
relating to or arising out of any of its Plans or obligations thereunder
accrued prior to the Effective Time. Buyer shall be responsible for, and
shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller against, any and all claims,
losses, damages, costs and expenses and other liabilities relating to or
arising out of any of the Buyer\'s employee benefit arrangements or
obligations thereunder accrued on or after the Effective Time.   6.2
Assumption of Plans.   (a) Effective as of the Effective Time, the
Buyer shall assume The Dexter Pension Plan and Dexter\'s Magnetic\'s
Employees Retirement Income Trust Plan (collectively, the "Assumed Plans").
The Buyer and the Seller shall take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order to establish the Buyer as a successor to the Seller
as to all rights, duties, liabilities and obligations under, or with
respect to, each of the Assumed Plans including, but not limited to, the
Seller\'s rights, duties, liabilities and obligations under, or with respect
to any and all annuity or insurance contracts, or trust agreements, that form
a part of such plans, together with the assets relating thereto.   (b)
Following the Effective Time, the Buyer shall, or shall cause a Buyer
subsidiary to, (i) provide to those former employees of the Business Business
whose employment terminated prior to the Effective Time (and eligible
dependents of such former employees) (collectively, "Retirees") post-
retirement welfare benefits substantially equivalent (both in terms of the
benefits provided and the cost of such benefits to a Retiree) to those
provided to such individuals under the post-retirement welfare benefit
program of the Seller as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time,
(ii) continue an arrangement pursuant to which such post-retirement welfare
benefits shall be provided, upon any termination of employment with the Buyer
or a Buyer subsidiary, to those Transferred Employees (and their eligible
dependents) who elect to receive such benefits (substantially in accordance
with procedures currently utilized by the Seller) and who immediately prior
to the Effective Time would be eligible for such benefits upon a termination
of employment with the Seller (collectively, "Vested Eligible Employees") and
(iii) continue an arrangement pursuant to which such post-retirement welfare
benefits shall be provided to those individuals (and their eligible
dependents) who are not Retirees or Vested Eligible Employees, and who, as of
the Effective Time, had attained the age of 50 and had been credited with at
least five years of service with the Seller (collectively, "Potential Grow-
In Employees"), but only if, at the time of any termination with the Buyer
or a Buyer subsidiary, (A) such Potential Grow-In Employee would have
been eligible to receive such post-retirement welfare benefits under
the Seller\'s post-retirement welfare benefit program as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time (crediting service with the Buyer or
a Buyer subsidiary as service with the Seller) and (B) such Potential Grow-
In Employee elects to receive such benefits (substantially in accordance
with procedures currently utilized by the Seller). In connection with
the performance of Buyer\'s obligations hereunder, at the Effective Time
the Seller shall cause to be transferred to a "VEBA" established under
Section 501(c)(9) of the Code (or to be established) by the Buyer an amount
equal to the portion of the Seller\'s accumulated post-retirement welfare
benefit obligations as of December 31, 1999 ("APBO") attributable to
Retirees, Vested Eligible Employees and Potential Grow-In Employees (such
amount to be adjusted to reflect any changes in the individuals comprising
the Retirees, Vested Eligible Employees and Potential Grow-In Employees as
of the Effective Time) as set forth in the report prepared for the Seller
by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and previously delivered to the Buyer,
plus interest thereon at the rate of 7.75% per annum from January 1,
2000 through the date on which occurs the Effective Time. The Buyer shall
not terminate or modify in any adverse manner the post-retirement
welfare benefit it has agreed to provide to Retirees, Vested Eligible
Employees and Potential Grow-in Employees pursuant to this Section
6.2(b).   (c) The Buyer shall assume all liabilities and obligations of the
Seller with respect to the Business Employees arising under (i) the Dexter
Corporation Special Severance Plan (as such plan has been modified by
employee communications described in Schedule 6.2(c)(i)), except for the
liabilities arising under Sections 2(e) and 2(f) of such plan, (ii) the pay-
to-stay arrangements described in Schedule 6.2(c)(ii) and (iii) the severance
agreements (described in Schedule 6.2(c)(iii)) to provide continuation of
"Employee Benefits" that are welfare benefits as described in Section
4(a)(ii) of the severance agreements.   (d) The Buyer shall provide
severance benefits to any Business Employee who (i) voluntarily terminates
his or her employment for "good reason" (as defined in Schedule 6.2(d))
within twelve months of the Effective Time or (ii) is involuntarily
terminated (other than for cause) by the Buyer or a Buyer subsidiary within
twelve months following the Effective Time. The severance benefits provided
in accordance with this Section 6.2(d) shall not be less favorable than the
severance benefits that a Business Employee would have been entitled to had
his or her employment been terminated by the Seller or a Business Subsidiary
(as the case may be) immediately prior to the Effective Time. No severance
benefits shall be provided pursuant to this Section 6(d) to a Business
Employee who immediately prior to the Effective Time, is (i) a party to a
severance agreement described in Section 6.2(c) or (ii) a participant in the
Dexter Corporation Special Severance Plan.   (e) To the extent that any
obligations might arise under the Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification
Act ("WARN"), 29 U.S.C. Section 2101 et seq., or under any similar provision
of any federal, state, regional, foreign, or local law, rule, or regulation
(hereinafter referred to collectively as "WARN Obligations") as a consequence
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Seller shall be
responsible for any WARN Obligations arising as a result of any employment
losses occurring prior to the Effective Time, and the Buyer shall be
responsible for any WARN Obligations arising as a result of any employment
losses occurring upon or after the Effective Time.   (f) On or prior to the
Effective Time, the Seller shall establish a defined benefit pension plan and
trust intended to qualify under Section 401(a) and Section 501(a) of the
Code(the "Coatings Pension Plan") for Coatings Employees and Coatings
Retirees (each listed in Schedule 6.2(f)). The Coatings Pension Plan shall be
substantially identical to the Dexter Pension Plan. As soon as practicable
after the Effective Time, the Seller shall cause the trustee of the Dexter
Pension Plan to transfer cash from the trust under the Dexter Pension Plan to
the trust under the Coatings Pension Plan, in an amount determined by
the certified actuary of the Seller (the "Seller\'s Actuary") to be equal to
the product of (a) the fair market value of the assets held under the
Dexter Pension Plan as of June 30, 2000(the "Valuation Date") and (b) a
fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the present value of all
accrued benefits, including all ancillary benefits, under the Dexter Pension
Plan as of the Effective Time in respect of the Coatings Employees and
Coatings Retirees (each as defined in Schedule 6.2(f)) and the denominator of
which is equal to the present value of all accrued benefits, including
all ancillary benefits, under the Dexter Pension Plan as of the Effective
Time. The calculation of the present value of such benefits shall be
performed by the Seller\'s Actuary in consultation with an actuary designated
by the Buyer. The calculation shall be performed in accordance with Section
414(1) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder and in all
cases utilizing the assumptions used by the Seller for reporting
accumulated benefit obligations under FAS No. 87. The Seller\'s Actuary shall
provide the actuary designated by the Buyer with all the documentation
reasonably necessary for the Buyer to verify the determination made by the
Seller\'s Actuary. From the Valuation Date to the date of transfer, the
assets to be transferred shall be credited with interest at the rate of 7.75%
per annum and an amount equal to such interest shall be transferred to the
trust under the Coatings Pension Plan on the date the transfer of assets
occurs.   Effective as of the effective date of the Coatings Pension Plan,
Coatings Employees shall cease to accrue benefits under the Dexter Pension
Plan and shall commence to accrue benefits under the Coatings Pension Plan.
Effective as of the Effective Time, and conditioned upon the transfer of the
assets pursuant to this Section 6.2(f), the Buyer shall assume the Dexter
Pension Plan and all liabilities and obligations thereunder, and the Buyer
shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller, its officers, directors,
employees and agents and affiliates from and against any and all liabilities
arising out of or related to the Dexter Pension Plan; provided, however, the
Buyer shall not indemnify or hold harmless such parties with respect to those
costs, damages, losses, expenses, or other liabilities that result, directly
or indirectly, from the acts or omissions of such parties, which acts or
omissions occurred or should have occurred prior to the Effective Time.
Effective as of the Effective Time, and conditioned upon the transfer of the
assets pursuant to this Section 6.2(f), the Seller shall indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer, its officers, directors, employees and agents and
affiliates from and against any and all liabilities arising out of or related
to the Coatings Pension Plan; provided, however, the Seller shall not
indemnify or hold harmless such parties with respect to those costs, damages,
losses, expenses, or other liabilities that result, directly or indirectly,
from the acts or omissions of such parties, which acts or omissions occurred
or should have occurred during the period from the Effective Time to the date
upon which the transfer of assets pursuant to this Section 6.2(f) occurs.  
(g) Effective as of the Effective Time, the Buyer shall establish or
designate a defined contribution plan and trust intended to qualify under
Section 401(a) and Section 501(a) of the Code (the "Buyer Savings Plan").
Upon receipt of an opinion, satisfactory to the Seller\'s counsel that the
terms of the Buyer Savings Plan and related trust qualify under Section
401(a) and Section 501(a) of the Code, the Seller shall direct the trustee of
the Dexter 401(k) Plan to transfer, to the trustee of the Buyer Savings Plan,
as of the Effective Time, the cash value of the account balances under the
Dexter 401(k) in respect of Transferred Employees. Upon such transfer, the
Buyer Savings Plan shall assume all liabilities for accrued benefits under
the Dexter 401(k) Plan in respect of Transferred Employees and the Dexter
401(k) Plan shall be relieved of all such liabilities. The parties shall
cooperate in the filing of the documents required by the transfer of assets
and liabilities described herein. Notwithstanding anything contained herein
to the contrary, no such transfer shall take place until the 31st day
following the filing of all required Forms 5310-A in connection
therewith.    ARTICLE VII   CLOSING CONDITIONS   7.1 Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligations to Effect the Transactions Contemplated Hereby. The
respective obligations of each party to effect the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time
of the following conditions:   (a) To the extent required by applicable Law,
each of the Seller and the Buyer and any other person (as defined in the HSR
Act) required in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby to file
a Notification and Report Form for Certain Mergers and Acquisitions with
the Department of Justice and the FTC pursuant to the HSR Act shall have
made such filing and all applicable waiting periods with respect to each
such filing (including any extensions thereof) shall have expired or
been terminated.   (b) To the extent required by applicable Law, each
of the Seller and the Buyer and any other person required in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby to file all necessary filings with
any Governmental Entity outside the U.S. shall have made such filings and
such Governmental Entities outside the U.S. shall have approved or cleared
such filing and all such approvals or clearances shall have been
received.   (c) No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree,
ruling or injunction (temporary, preliminary or permanent) shall have been
enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any Governmental Entity which
prohibits the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
substantially on the terms contemplated hereby or has the effect of making
the acquisition of the Business by the Buyer or any of its affiliates
illegal.   7.2 Conditions to the Obligations of the Seller to Effect the
Transactions Contemplated Hereby. The obligations of the Seller to effect the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be further subject to the fulfillment
at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions, any one or
more of which may be waived by the Seller in writing:   (a) The
representations or warranties of the Buyer set forth in the Agreement that
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and
correct, and the representations and warranties of the Buyer set forth in the
Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material
respects, in each case, as if such representations or warranties were made as
of such time on or after the date of the Agreement (except to the extent such
representations and warranties speak as of a specific date or as of the date
hereof, in which case such representations and warranties shall be so true
and correct or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be,
as of such specific date or as of the date hereof, respectively).   (b) The
Buyer shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all
agreements and obligations required by this Agreement to be performed and
complied with by it on or prior to the Closing Date.   (c) The Buyer shall
have furnished a certificate of an executive officer of the Buyer to evidence
compliance with the conditions set forth in Sections 7.2(a) and (b) of this
Agreement.   (d) The Seller and the Buyer, respectively, shall have
obtained all of the permits, authorizations, consents or approvals listed on
Schedule 7.2(d).   7.3 Conditions to the Obligations of the Buyer to Effect
the Transactions Contemplated Hereby. The obligations of the Buyer to
effect the transactions contemplated hereby shall be further subject to
the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time of the following
conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by the Buyer in
writing:   (a) The representations or warranties of the Seller set forth in
the Agreement that are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect
shall be true and correct, and the representations and warranties of the
Seller set forth in the Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and
correct in all material respects, in each case, as if such representations or
warranties were made as of such time on or after the date of the Agreement
(except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of a
specific date or as of the date hereof, in which case such representations
and warranties shall be so true and correct or true and correct in all
material respects, as the case may be, as of such specific date or as of the
date hereof, respectively).   (b) The Seller shall have performed and
complied in all material respects with all agreements and obligations
required by this Agreement to be performed and complied with by it on or
prior to the Closing Date.   (c) The Seller shall have furnished a
certificate of an executive officer of the Seller to evidence compliance with
the conditions set forth in Sections 7.3(a) and (b) of this Agreement.  
(d) The Seller and the Buyer, respectively, shall have obtained all permits,
authorizations, consents or approvals listed on Schedule 7.3(d).   (e) The
Buyer shall have obtained from Henkel, the approval of Henkel\'s Shareholders
Committee, to enter into, consummate, and deliver this Agreement, and any
contract or commitment set forth in this Agreement, each according to the
terms set forth herein.   7.4 Certificates. Each of the parties hereto will
furnish to the other party such certificates of such party\'s officers or
others and such other documents to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set
forth in this Article VII as the other party may reasonably request.   
ARTICLE VIII   CERTAIN TAX MATTERS   8.1 Tax Matters.   (a) The Buyer
shall timely prepare and file (or cause such preparation and filing) with the
appropriate authorities all income Tax returns, reports and forms (other than
any Consolidated Income Tax Returns of the Seller) with respect to the
Business (including the Business Subsidiaries) of which the original due date
(without regard to any extensions) is after the date of the Effective Time
("Buyer Returns"), and will pay (or cause to be paid) all income Taxes due
with respect to such Buyer Returns. Buyer shall make available to Seller any
Buyer Returns and related workpapers with respect to any taxable period that
ends on or before, or includes, the date of the Effective Time for Seller\'s
review and comment at least 25 business days prior to the respective due
dates of such Buyer Returns, and Seller shall provide Buyer with Seller\'s
comments no later than 10 business days before the respective due dates of
such Buyer Returns. Such Buyer Returns shall be subject to Seller\'s
approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, before the
applicable Buyer Return is filed with the appropriate authority. The Seller
shall timely prepare and file (or cause such preparation and filing) with
the appropriate authorities (i) all Consolidated Income Tax Returns (other
than any Consolidated Income Tax Returns of the Buyer) with respect to
the Business (including the Business Subsidiaries), and (ii) all other
income Tax returns, reports and forms with respect to the Business (including
the Business Subsidiaries) of which the original due date (without regard
to any extensions) is on or before the date of the Effective Time, and
will pay (or cause to be paid) all income Taxes due with respect to
such returns, reports and forms (except to the extent such Taxes are included
in the Business Liabilities or otherwise reserved for on the Closing
Date Balance Sheet, in which case such Taxes shall be paid by the Buyer).  
(b) The Buyer shall timely prepare and file (or cause such preparation and
filing) with the appropriate authorities all non-income Tax returns, reports
and forms required to be filed with respect to the Business (including the
Business Subsidiaries) and the Business Assets, when such returns, reports
and forms are required to be filed, subject to any applicable extensions,
after the Effective Time, and will pay (or cause to be paid) all non-income
Taxes due with respect to such returns, reports and forms.   (c) The Seller
and the Buyer shall reasonably cooperate in preparing and filing all returns,
reports and forms relating to Taxes, including maintaining and making
available to each other all records reasonably necessary in connection with
Taxes and in resolving all disputes and audits with respect to all taxable
periods relating to Taxes. The Buyer shall prepare (or cause such
preparation) within 90 days of the date of the Effective Time, usual and
customary Business Subsidiaries\' Tax return reporting packages with respect
to the taxable period beginning January 1, 2000 and ending as of the date of
the Effective Time. Seller will provide Buyer with Seller\'s determination of
the appropriate portion of the Seller\'s historical qualified research
expenses and gross receipts pertaining to the Business in accordance with
Section 41(f)(3) of the Code.   (d) For a period of six years after the
Closing Date, the Seller and its representatives shall have reasonable access
to the Business Books and Records transferred to the Buyer hereunder
(including, without limitation, the right to make extracts thereof) to the
extent that the Business Books and Records relate to Taxes and to the extent
that such access may reasonably be required by the Seller in connection with
matters relating to or affected by the operation of the Business (including
the Business Subsidiaries) or the Business Assets prior to the Closing
Date. Such access shall be afforded by the Buyer upon receipt of
reasonable advance notice and during normal business hours. The Seller shall
be solely responsible for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs or expenses
incurred by it pursuant to this Section 8.1(d). If the Buyer shall desire to
dispose of any of such books and records prior to the expiration of such six-
year period, the Buyer shall, prior to such disposition, give the Seller
a reasonable opportunity, at the Seller\'s expense, to segregate and
remove such books and records as the Seller may select. In addition to
the foregoing, the parties agree to cooperate with each other with respect
to the defense of any claims or litigation relating to Taxes pertaining to
the Business (including the Business Subsidiaries) or the Business
Assets, provided that the party requesting such cooperation shall reimburse
the other party for the other party\'s reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses of furnishing such cooperation.   (e) Subject to the mutual
agreement of the parties with regard to the time for completion hereto, the
Buyer shall prepare (or cause to be prepared) and submit to the Seller for
the Seller\'s review and approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
a draft allocation of the Purchase Price and the Business Liabilities among
the Business Assets, including the capital stock of the Business
Subsidiaries, to be purchased hereunder, which allocation shall be reflected
in Schedule 8.1(e) (the "Draft Allocation"). The Draft Allocation shall be
revised and finalized by the parties in conjunction with the post-closing
adjustment pursuant to Section 2.6 (the "Final Allocation"). The Draft
Allocation and the Final Allocation shall be made in accordance with Section
1060 of the Code and applicable Treasury regulations as well as under any
analogous provisions of foreign Law. Each of the Seller and the Buyer shall
(i) be bound by the Final Allocation for purposes of determining any Taxes,
(ii) prepare and file, and cause its affiliates to prepare and file, its Tax
returns on a basis consistent with the Final Allocation and (iii) take no
position, and cause its affiliates to take no position, inconsistent with the
Final Allocation on any applicable Tax return, in any proceeding before
any taxing authority or otherwise. In the event that the Final Allocation
is disputed by any taxing authority, the party receiving notice of the
dispute shall promptly notify the other party hereto concerning resolution of
the dispute.   (f) The Buyer shall not (i) make an election, with the
effective date of such election being on or before the date of the Effective
Time, to treat any of the Business Subsidiaries as a disregarded entity (or
as a partnership) for federal, state or local income Tax purposes pursuant to
Treasury Regulations Sections 301.7701-1 through 301.7701-3, (ii) make any
dividend or other distributions to shareholders from any of the Business
Subsidiaries at any time on or after the Effective Time until January 1,
2001, or (iii) make an election under Section 338 of the Code with respect to
any of the Foreign Business Subsidiaries without the prior written consent of
the Seller. However, upon the Buyer\'s timely request, the Seller will join
with the Buyer in making a timely election under Section 338(h)(10) of the
Code (and any comparable provisions of state or local Tax law) (collectively,
a "Section 338(h)(10) Election") with respect to the purchase and sale of the
stock of any of the Business Subsidiaries that is a U.S. corporation. If the
Buyer and Seller make a Section 338(h)(10) Election with respect to the
purchase and sale of the stock of any such Business Subsidiary, the Final
Allocation prepared by the parties pursuant to Section 8.1(e) hereof shall
allocate an amount equal to the sum of the Purchase Price allocable to the
stock of such Business Subsidiary plus the liabilities of such Business
Subsidiary assumed by the Buyer among the assets of such Business Subsidiary
in accordance with Section 338 of the Code and the applicable Treasury
regulations.   (g) The Seller and the Buyer agree that the Buyer
has purchased substantially all the property used in the Business in the
United States, and in connection therewith, the Buyer shall employ
individuals who immediately before the Effective Time were employed in such
trade or business by the Seller. Accordingly, pursuant to Rev. Proc. 96-60,
1996-2 C.B. 399, the Buyer shall furnish a United States Internal Revenue
Service Form W-2 to each employee employed by the Buyer who had been employed
by the Seller, disclosing all wages and other compensation paid for
such calendar year, and taxes withheld therefrom, and the Seller shall
be relieved of the responsibility to do so.   (h) Any Tax sharing agreement
between Seller and any of the Business Subsidiaries is terminated as of the
Closing Date and will have no further effect for any taxable year (whether
the current year, future year, or a past year).   8.2 Indemnity for
Taxes.   (a) The Seller hereby agrees to indemnify the Buyer, Henkel and
its affiliates and subsidiaries, and the Business against and hold them
harmless, on an after-Tax basis, from all liability for (i) all income Taxes
of the Business attributable to taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending
on or before the Effective Time, (ii) income Taxes of any of the businesses
of the Seller other than the business of the Business attributable to all
taxable periods, and (iii) income Taxes incurred as a result of any other
transactions undertaken by the Seller, including without limitation (x) the
sale of the Business to Buyer; and (y) the liquidation and dissolution of the
Seller; provided, however, the Seller shall not indemnify the Buyer for any
Taxes included in the Business Liabilities or otherwise reserved for in the
Closing Date Balance Sheet.   (b) (i) The Seller agrees to indemnify the
Buyer and the Business against and hold them harmless, on an after-Tax basis,
from all income Taxes, expenses or other losses arising out of the failure
of the Seller to perform any of the agreements it is required to perform
under Section 5.9 or Section 8.1 and (ii) the Buyer agrees to indemnify
the Seller and hold it harmless, on an after-Tax basis, from all
Taxes, expenses or other losses arising out of the failure by the Buyer to
perform any of the agreements it is required to perform under Section 5.9
or Section 8.1.   (c) The Buyer and the Seller agree to treat any payment
under this Section 8.2 as an adjustment to the Purchase Price.   (d) The
obligation of the Seller to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and the
Business, on the one hand, and any of the obligations of the Buyer to
indemnify and hold harmless the Seller, on the other hand, pursuant to this
Section 8.2, shall terminate upon the expiration of the applicable statutes
of limitations with respect to the Tax liabilities in question (giving effect
to any waiver, mitigation or extension thereof).   (e) A party seeking
indemnification provided for under this Section 8.2 (a "Tax Indemnified
Party") in respect of Taxes, arising out of or involving a claim or demand
made by any persons, firm, governmental authority or corporation against such
party (a "Tax Third Party Claim") must notify the party from whom such
indemnification is sought (the "Tax Indemnifying Party") in writing of the
Tax Third Party Claim as promptly as possible but in no event later than 30
days after receipt by the Tax Indemnified Party of written notice of the Tax
Third Party Claim; provided, however, that failure to give such
notification shall not affect the indemnification provided hereunder except
to the extent the Tax Indemnifying Party shall have been actually prejudiced
as a result of such failure (except that the Tax Indemnifying Party shall not
be liable for any expenses incurred during the period in which the
Tax Indemnified Party failed to give such notice). Thereafter, the
Tax Indemnified Party shall deliver to the Tax Indemnifying Party, as
promptly as possible but in no event later than 30 days after the Tax
Indemnified Party\'s receipt thereof, copies of all notices and documents
(including court papers) received by the Tax Indemnified Party, relating to
the Tax Third Party Claim.   If a Tax Third Party Claim is made against the
Tax Indemnified Party, the Tax Indemnifying Party will be entitled
to participate in the defense thereof and to assume the defense thereof
with counsel or other tax advisors selected by the Tax Indemnifying Party
and satisfactory to the Tax Indemnified Party provided, however, that the
Tax Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any
such contest unless the Tax Indemnifying Party at its option has either
provided bond or other security for its obligations under this Section
8.2 satisfactory to the Tax Indemnified Party or paid the Tax Third
Party Claim. If the Tax Indemnifying Party assumes such defense, the
Tax Indemnifying Party will not be liable to the Tax Indemnified Party
for legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Tax Indemnified
Party in connection with the defense thereof. If the Tax Indemnifying
Party assumes such defense, the Tax Indemnified Party shall have the right
to participate in the defense thereof and to employ counsel or other
tax advisors, at its own expense separate from the counsel or other
tax advisors employed by the Tax Indemnifying Party. The Tax Indemnifying
Party shall be liable for all reasonable fees and expenses of counsel or
other tax advisors employed by the Tax Indemnified Party for any
period subsequent to the date the Tax Indemnified Party notifies the
Tax Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Section 8.2(e) and during which the
Tax Indemnifying Party has not assumed the defense thereof. Whether or not
the Tax Indemnifying Party chooses to defend or prosecute any Tax Third
Party Claim, all of the parties hereto shall reasonably cooperate in the
defense or prosecution thereof. Such cooperation shall include the provision
to the Tax Indemnifying Party of records and information which are
reasonably relevant to such Tax Third Party Claim, and making employees
available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information
and explanation of any material provided hereunder. Whether or not the Tax
Indemnifying Party shall have assumed the defense of a Tax Third Party Claim,
the Tax Indemnified Party shall not admit any liability with respect to, or
settle, compromise or discharge, such Tax Third Party Claim without the
Tax Indemnifying Party\'s prior written consent, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld.   (f) Without the prior written consent of the
Buyer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, if a Material
Adverse Effect on the liability for Taxes of the Buyer with respect to or
arising from the Business or Business Assets will result therefrom, neither
the Seller nor any of its affiliates shall make or change any election,
change an accounting period, adopt or change any accounting method, file
any amended Tax return or report, enter into any closing agreement, settle
any Tax claim or assessment relating to the Business or the Business
Assets, surrender any right to claim a refund of Taxes or consent to any
extension or waiver of the limitations period applicable to any Tax claim
or assessment relating to any of the Business or the Business Assets.   (g)
If a Tax Indemnified Party receives a refund or credit with respect to Taxes
which it would be indemnified for under this Section 8.2, the Tax Indemnified
Party shall pay over such refund or credit to the Tax Indemnifying Party;
provided, however, that the amount of such refund or credit which the Tax
Indemnified Party is required to pay over to the Tax Indemnifying Party shall
be computed on an after-Tax basis.    ARTICLE IX   TERMINATION AND
ABANDONMENT   9.1 Termination. Subject to the parties\' obligations
as provided in Section 5.5, this Agreement may be terminated at any time
prior to the Effective Time:   (a) by mutual consent of the Seller and the
Buyer;   (b) by the Buyer, at the Buyer\'s sole discretion, at any time
after October 31, 2000;   (c) by the Seller or the Buyer (i) at any time
after November 30, 2000 if the conditions set forth in Article VII shall not
have been satisfied or waived; (ii) if a statute, rule, regulation or
executive order shall have been enacted, entered or promulgated prohibiting
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on
the terms contemplated hereby; (iii) if an order, decree, ruling or
injunction shall have been entered permanently restraining, enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement on the terms contemplated hereby and such order, decree,
ruling or injunction shall have become final and non-appealable; provided,
that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 9.1(b)(iii) shall have used its reasonable best efforts to remove
such order, decree, ruling or injunction and shall not be in violation
of Section 5.5; or (iv) Henkel\'s Shareholders Committee shall fail to
approve the acquisition of the Seller\'s Business substantially in accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth herein;   (d) by the Buyer, if
there has been a material violation or breach by the Seller of any agreement,
representation or warranty contained in this Agreement that has rendered the
satisfaction of any condition to the obligations of the Buyer impossible and
such violation or breach has not been waived by the Buyer; or   (e) by the
Seller, if there has been a material violation or breach by the Buyer of any
agreement, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement that has
rendered the satisfaction of any condition to the obligations of the Seller
impossible and such violation or breach has not been waived by the
Seller.   9.2 Procedure and Effect of Termination. In the event
of termination of this Agreement and abandonment of the
transactions contemplated hereby by either or both of the parties pursuant to
Section 9.1, written notice thereof shall forthwith be given to the other
party and this Agreement shall terminate and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be abandoned, without further action by either of the parties
hereto. If this Agreement is terminated as provided herein:   (a) upon
request therefor, each party will redeliver all documents, work papers and
other material of any other party relating to the transactions contemplated
hereby, whether obtained before or after the execution hereof, to the party
furnishing the same;   (b) each party hereto will use its best efforts
to prevent disclosure to third persons of all information received by
either party with respect to the business of the other party or its
subsidiaries (other than information which is a matter of public knowledge or
which has heretofore been or is hereafter published in any publication for
public distribution or filed as public information with any Governmental
Entity except (i) as may be required by Law; and (ii) as is permitted by
this Agreement;   (c) neither party hereto shall have any liability
or further obligation to the other party to this Agreement pursuant to
this Agreement except as stated in this Section 9.2 and in Sections 5.3(b)
and 5.4, provided that nothing herein shall relieve any party from
liability for its willful breach of this Agreement; and   (d) if after the
date hereof Seller receives a Dexter Acquisition Proposal which proposes that
the Seller\'s shareholders receive consideration with a fair market value per
share exceeding $45 and which includes a condition that this Agreement be
terminated and if for any reason the Seller\'s shareholders are asked to
approve this Agreement and such approval is denied, and this Agreement is
subsequently terminated, then within 2 business days following such
termination the Seller shall pay the Buyer a fee of $8 million; and   (e)
upon any termination of this Agreement other than pursuant to Section 9.1(e)
and upon request by the Buyer, the Seller shall promptly, but in no event
later than 2 business days following the date of such request, reimburse the
Buyer for its out-of-pocket cash expenses (including without limitation, fees
and expenses of accountants, counsel, investment bankers and consultants and
all travel related expenses) incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby (whether incurred prior to or subsequent
to the execution of this Agreement); provided that the Seller shall in no
event be responsible for more than $500,000 in respect of this paragraph
(e).    ARTICLE X   MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS   10.1 Delivery of
Schedules and Related Documents. The schedules and related documents required
to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement are being delivered simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.   10.2 Amendment and
Modification. Subject to applicable Law, and unless otherwise expressly set
forth herein, this Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by
written agreement of the Seller and the Buyer at any time prior to the
Effective Time with respect to any of the terms contained herein.   10.3
Waiver of Compliance; Consents. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, any failure of either of the parties to comply with any
obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may be waived by the
party entitled to the benefits thereof only by a written instrument signed by
the party granting such waiver, but such waiver or failure to insist upon
strict compliance with such obligation, covenant, agreement or condition
shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent
or other failure. Whenever this Agreement requires or permits consent by or
on behalf of a party, such consent shall be given in writing in a manner
consistent with the requirements for a waiver of compliance as set forth in
this Section 10.3.   10.4 Notices. All notices and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered
personally or mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt
requested), postage prepaid, telecopied (which is confirmed) or sent by
reputable courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the
following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice, provided that notices of a change of address shall
be effective only upon receipt thereof):   (a) if to the Seller, to  
Dexter Corporation  One Elm Street  Windsor Locks, Connecticut 06096-2334 
Attention: General Counsel  Telecopy: (860) 292-7669   with a copy to  
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP  Four Times Square  New York, New
York 10036-6522  Attention: J. Michael Schell, Esq.  Margaret L. Wolff,
Esq.  Telecopy: (212) 735-2000   (b) if to the Buyer, to   Loctite
Corporation  1001 Trout Brook Crossing  Rocky Hill, Connecticut 06067 
Attention: President  Telefax: (860) 371-2433   10.5 Assignment. This
Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns, but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by either of the parties
hereto without the prior written consent of the other party which shall not
be unreasonably withheld and with respect to any continuing obligation to
indemnify shall be granted instanter. The Buyer may assign its rights to
purchase the Business Assets to one or more of its wholly owned subsidiaries
or those of Henkel, as provided in Section 10.6.   10.6 Parent and
Designated Affiliates and Subsidiaries. Anything in this Agreement to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Seller agrees that the Buyer may cause its
ultimate parent, Henkel, or one or more of the affiliates or wholly owned
subsidiaries of Henkel designated by the Buyer to carry out all or part of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or own or take possession of
any Business Assets or the stock of any of the Foreign Business Subsidiaries
at the discretion of the Buyer or its parent without further approval of the
Seller; provided, however, that no such designation shall affect or diminish
the liability of the Buyer under this Agreement.   10.7 Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut
(regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable
principles of conflicts of law) as to all matters, including but not limited
to matters of validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies.  
10.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   10.9
Interpretation. The article and section headings contained in this Agreement
are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the
parties and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. As used in this Agreement: (i) the term "person" shall mean and
include an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a
trust, an unincorporated organization and a government or any department or
agency thereof; (ii) the term "subsidiary" when used in reference to any
other person shall mean any corporation of which outstanding securities
having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of
such corporation are owned directly or indirectly by such other person; (iii)
the term "affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the
General Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act; and (iv)
the term "business day" means each day which is not a day on which banking
institutions in New York, New York are authorized or obligated by law or
executive order to close.   10.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement,
including the exhibits hereto and the documents, schedules, certificates and
instruments referred to herein, and the Confidentiality Agreement, dated
March 1, 2000 between the Buyer and the Seller, embodies the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. There are no restrictions,
promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than
those expressly set forth or referred to herein or therein. This
Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the
parties with respect to such transactions.   10.11 Severability. If for any
reason any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, all other valid terms and provisions hereof shall remain in
full force and effect, and all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement
shall be deemed to be severable in nature. If for any reason any term or
provision containing a restriction set forth herein is held to cover an area
or to be for a length of time which is unreasonable, or in any other way is
construed to be too broad or to any extent invalid, such term or provision
shall not be determined to be null, void and of no effect, but to the extent
the same is or would be valid or enforceable under applicable law, any court
of competent jurisdiction shall construe and interpret or reform
this Agreement to provide for a restriction having the maximum enforceable
area, time period and other provisions (not greater than those contained
herein) as shall be valid and enforceable under applicable Law.   10.12
Bulk Sales Law. The Buyer waives compliance by the Seller with any bulk sales
or similar laws, and the Seller agrees to indemnify from any liability
resulting from such noncompliance.    ARTICLE XI   SURVIVAL OF
REPRESENTATIONS   The representations and warranties of the parties
hereto contained in this Agreement or made in any certificate, schedule or
exhibit delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing and
continue in full force and effect for a period of time (the
"Indemnification Period") equal to the shorter of 12 months following the
Closing Date and the date of any Dexter Acquisition Transaction; provided,
however, that the Indemnification Period shall be for at least 5 months
following the Closing Date.    ARTICLE XII   INDEMNIFICATION   12.1
Indemnity by Seller. Seller agrees to indemnify and hold the Buyer, Henkel
and its affiliates and subsidiaries harmless from and with respect to any and
all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses, including
without limitation the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, net of
insurance proceeds actually received (collectively, the "Losses") related to
or arising directly out of any inaccuracies in any representation or warranty
made by Seller in or pursuant to this Agreement; provided that solely for
purposes of this Article XII, for any of the representations and warranties
of the Seller that are qualified by an exception for the absence of a
Material Adverse Effect, the term "Material Adverse Effect" shall also mean
any state of facts, event, change, or effect which gives rise to a liability
not previously accrued of $25,000, which shall be deemed conclusively to be
a Material Adverse Effect; and provided further that the Seller shall have
no liability with respect to any Losses pursuant to this Section 12.1
unless and until the aggregate of all Claims for Losses hereunder exceeds
$6 million and shall thereafter be liable only for such Losses as exceed
such $6 million in amount.   12.2 Conditions to Indemnification.   (a)
Any party seeking indemnification hereunder (the "Indemnified Party") shall
promptly notify the other party obligated to provide indemnification
hereunder (" the Indemnifying Party") of any action, suit, proceeding, demand
or breach (a "Claim") with respect to which the Indemnified Party claims
indemnification hereunder, provided the failure of the Indemnified Party to
give such notice shall not relieve any Indemnifying Party of its obligations
under this Section 12 except to the extent, if at all, that such Indemnifying
Party shall have been prejudiced thereby. If such Claim relates to any
action, suit, proceeding or demand instituted against the Indemnified Party
by a third party (a "Third Party Claim"), upon receipt of such notice from
the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to
participate in the defense of such Third Party Claim, if and only if each of
the following conditions is satisfied, and the Indemnifying Party may assume
the defense of such Third Party Claim and, in the case of such an assumption,
the Indemnifying Party shall have the authority to negotiate, compromise and
settle such Third Party Claim: (i) the Indemnifying Party confirms in writing
that it is obligated hereunder to indemnify the Indemnified Party with
respect to such Third Party Claims; and (ii) the Indemnified Party does not
give the Indemnifying Party written notice that it has determined, in the
exercise of its reasonable discretion, that a conflict of interest makes
separate representation by the Indemnified Party\'s own counsel advisable.
The Indemnified Party shall cooperate fully in the defense of any Third
Party Claim as and to the extent reasonably requested by the Indemnifying
Party.   (b) In the event of any claims under Section 12.1 hereof, the
Indemnified Party shall advise the Indemnifying Party in writing of the
amount and circumstances surrounding such claim. With respect to liquidated
Claims, if within 30 days the Indemnifying Party has not contested such claim
in writing, the Indemnifying Party will pay the full amount thereof within 10
days after the expiration of such a period.   12.3 Method and Manner of
Paying Claims. Subject to the Indemnifying Party\'s right pursuant to section
12.2 hereof to defend, negotiate, compromise and settle a Third Party Claim,
the amount of any Claim shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party forthwith on
demand. If the Indemnifying Party fails to pay any such Claim forthwith on
demand, the Indemnified Party may both: (i) proceed directly against the
Indemnifying Party to recover the amount of such claim and (ii) set off the
amount of such claim against amounts owed by the Indemnified Party to
the Indemnifying Party, if any.    ARTICLE XIII   NONCOMPETITION  
13.1 Noncompete; No Solicitation of Employees. Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Section 13, the Seller covenants and agrees
that, as a material consideration running to Buyer for the Buyer\'s payments
hereunder, for a period of five years from and after the Closing Date, the
Seller will neither engage in nor permit the "Dexter" name to be used by any
business directly or indirectly in competition with the Business as carried
on by the Seller or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates on the Closing
Date, in the United States of America, or in any country or political
subdivision of the world in which the Business is located or conducts
business. Seller further covenants and agrees that for a period of five years
from and after the Closing Date, Seller will not recruit, hire, assist others
in recruiting or hiring, discuss employment with, or refer to others
concerning employment, any Transferred Employee or any employee of the Buyer
or a subsidiary or affiliate of either.   13.2 Tolling of Period. The term
of the covenants contained in Section 13.1 hereof shall be tolled for the
period commencing on the date any successful action is filed for injunctive
relief or damages arising out of a breach by Seller of Section 13.1 hereof
and ending upon final adjudication (including appeals) of such action.  
13.3 Enforcement. If, in any judicial proceeding, the court shall refuse to
enforce the covenants contained in Section 13.1 hereof because the time limit
is too long, it is expressly understood and agreed between the parties hereto
that for purposes of such proceeding such time limitation shall be deemed
reduced to the extent necessary to permit enforcement of such covenants. If,
in any judicial proceeding, the court shall refuse to enforce covenants
contained in Section 13.1 hereof because they are more extensive (whether as
to geographic area, scope of business or otherwise) than necessary to protect
the business and goodwill of Buyer, it is expressly understood and agreed
between the parties hereto that for purposes of such proceeding the
geographic area, scope of business or other aspect shall be deemed reduced to
the extent necessary to permit enforcement of such covenants.   13.4
Irreparable Damage; Injunctive Relief. Seller acknowledges that a breach of
Section 13.1 hereof would cause irreparable damage to Buyer, and in the event
of Seller\'s actual or threatened breach of the provisions of Section 13.1
hereof, Buyer shall be entitled to a temporary restraining order and an
injunction restraining Seller from breaching such covenants without the
necessity of posting bond or proving irreparable harm, such being
conclusively admitted by Seller. Nothing shall be construed as prohibiting
Buyer from pursuing any other available remedies for such breach or
threatened breach, including the recovery of damages from Seller.    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller and the Buyer have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first
above written.   LOCTITE CORPORATION    By: /s/ Steven T. Merkel 
_________________________  Name: Steven T. Merkel  Title: Vice
President    DEXTER CORPORATION    By: /s/ K. Grahame Walker 
________________________  Name: K. Grahame Walker  Title: Chairman and
CEO     '

