 EXHIBIT 2.1      EXHIBIT 2.1  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
"Agreement") is entered into as of October 23, 2000 by and between Cerner
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Buyer"), Cerner RIS Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer
("Merger Sub"), ADAC Laboratories, a California corporation ("Seller"), and
ADAC Healthcare Information Systems, Inc., a Texas corporation and wholly-
owned subsidiary of Seller (the "Company").   RECITALS   WHEREAS, the
Board of Directors of each of Buyer, Merger Sub, Seller and the Company
believe it is in the best interests of each company and its respective
shareholders that Buyer acquire the Company through the statutory merger of
Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger") and, in furtherance
thereof, have approved the Merger.   WHEREAS, pursuant to the Merger, among
other things, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company
shall be converted into the right to receive the consideration set forth
below.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
covenants, undertakings, representations and warranties set forth herein, the
parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE 1  DEFINITIONS   For purposes of
this Agreement, the terms set forth below shall have the following
meanings:   1.1 "ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE" means all accounts receivable,
trade receivables, notes receivable and other receivables, which in any case
are payable as a result of goods sold or services provided, billed for or for
which a revenue has been earned but the amount has not yet been billed, by
the Company in connection with the Business, net of reserves determined in
accordance with the historical practice of the Company.   1.2 "ACTION"
means any action, suit, arbitration, inquiry, proceeding or investigation by
or before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator.   1.3 "AFFILIATE"
means:   1.3.1 with respect to any Person which is a business entity:  
(a) any Person owning or holding, directly  or indirectly, 10% or more of the
equity capital in such business  entity; or   (b) any Person in which such
business entity  owns or holds, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the
equity  capital.      1.3.2 with respect to any Person which is a trust
or similar entity:   (a) any trustee or other fiduciary of such  trust or
similar entity; or   (b) any direct or indirect beneficiary of  such trust
or similar entity.   1.3.3 with respect to any natural Person, any
spouse, parent, child, grandchild grandparent, brother or sister of such
Person.   1.4 "AGREEMENT" means this Agreement, together with the Schedules
and Exhibits hereto.   1.5 "BASELINE BALANCE SHEET" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.11.   1.6 "BASELINE BALANCE SHEET DATE" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.11.   1.7 "BUSINESS" means all business
conducted by the Company prior to the Closing Date.   1.8 "BUYER" shall
have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.   1.9
"BUYER INDEMNITEES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.  
1.10 "BUYER\'S KNOWLEDGE" means the actual knowledge of the officers and
directors of Buyer, and the knowledge officers and directors of Buyer
reasonably should have obtained as an officer and/or director of
Buyer, respectively, in carrying out such duties in good faith.   1.11
"CARDIOLOGY SYSTEMS GROUP" means the assets, liabilities, obligations,
business and goodwill used exclusively in connection with the business
identified by the Company as the "Cardiology Systems Group."   1.12 "CHARTER
DOCUMENT" means the Articles or Certificate of Incorporation of the Company,
Seller, Merger Sub or Buyer, as the case may be, and any amendment to such
document.   1.13 "CLOSING" means the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation, the
effectiveness of the Merger.   1.14 "CLOSING DATE" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.2.    1.15 "CLOSING DATE BALANCE SHEET" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.11.   1.16 "CODE" shall mean the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor law, and
regulations issued thereunder.   1.17 "COMPANY EMPLOYEE PLANS" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.19.1.   2    1.18 "CONSENT" means a
consent, approval, authorization, waiver or notification from any Person,
including any Governmental Authority.   1.19 "CONTRACTS" means all
contracts, agreements, undertakings, instruments, leases, licenses,
commitments and arrangements, except Permits.   1.20 "DAMAGES" means all
losses, claims, damages, costs, fines, penalties, obligations, payments and
Liabilities (including those arising out of any Action), together with all
reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable outside attorneys\' fees
and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses) incurred in connection with any of the
foregoing.   1.21 "DOLLARS" or "$" means lawful currency of the United
States.   1.22 "EMPLOYEE" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.18.1.   1.23 "ENVIRONMENT" means soil, land surface or subsurface
strata, surface waters (including navigable waters, ocean waters, streams,
ponds, drainage basins, and wetlands), groundwaters, drinking water supply,
stream sediments, ambient air (including indoor air), plant and animal life,
and any other environmental medium or natural resource.   1.24
"ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means any Law that requires or relates to: (i) advising
appropriate authorities, employees and the public of intended or actual
releases of pollutants or Hazardous Materials, violations of discharge limits
or other prohibitions and of the commencements of activities that could have
a significant impact on the Environment; (ii) preventing or reducing
to acceptable levels the release of pollutants or hazardous substances or
materials into the Environment; (iii) reducing the quantities, preventing the
release, or minimizing the hazardous characteristics of wastes that are
generated; (iv) assuring that products are designed, formulated, packaged and
used so that they do not present unreasonable risks to human health or the
Environment when used or disposed of; (v) protecting resources, species or
ecological amenities; (vi) reducing to acceptable levels the risks inherent
in the transportation of hazardous substances, pollutants, oil or other
potentially harmful substances; (vii) cleaning up pollutants that have been
released, preventing the threat of release, or paying the costs of such clean
up or prevention; or (viii) making responsible parties pay private parties,
or groups of them, for damages done to their health or the Environment, or
permitting self-appointed representatives of the public interest to recover
for injuries done to public assets.   1.25 "ERISA" means the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   1.26 "ERISA
AFFILIATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.19.1.   1.27
"EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.   1.28 "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles at the time in effect and applied by the Company on a basis
consistent with prior periods.     3    1.29 "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY"
means any U.S. or Canadian federal, state or local government, any of its
subdivisions, agencies, authorities, commissions, boards or bureaus, any U.S.
or Canadian federal, state or local court or tribunal and any arbitrator.  
1.30 "GUARANTEE" means any guarantee, any indemnification obligation and any
other contingent obligation to purchase, to provide funds for payment or to
supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure a creditor
against loss.   1.31 "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means any waste or other
substance that is listed, defined, designated, or classified as, or otherwise
determined to be, hazardous, radioactive, or toxic or a pollutant or a
contaminant under or pursuant to any Environmental Law, including any mixture
or solution thereof, and specifically including petroleum and all derivatives
thereof or synthetic substitutes therefor and asbestos or asbestos-containing
materials.   1.32 "INCOME TAX" means any U.S. federal, state, local or
foreign income, alternative minimum, franchise or other similar Tax, duty,
governmental charge or assessment imposed by or on behalf of any Governmental
Authority that is based on or measured by income (including interest and
penalties on any of the foregoing).   1.33 "INCOME TAX RETURNS" means any
Returns with respect to Income Tax.   1.34 "INDEMNITEE" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 10.3.1.   1.35 "INDEPENDENT FIRM" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.11.   1.36 "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
ASSETS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.17.1.   1.37 "KEY
EMPLOYEES" means the Employees of the Company listed on SCHEDULE 1.37.  
1.38 "LAW" means any U.S. or Canadian federal, state, local or other statute,
rule, regulation or ordinance.   1.39 "LEASE" means any lease or sublease of
real or personal property.   1.40 "LEASED PERSONAL PROPERTY" means all
right, title and interest of the Company, as lessee, in and to any personal
property leased to the Company.   1.41 "LEASED REAL PROPERTY" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.10.   1.42 "LIABILITY" means any debt,
obligation, duty or liability of any nature (including any undisclosed,
unfixed, unliquidated, unsecured, unmatured, unaccrued, unasserted,
contingent, conditional, inchoate, implied, vicarious, joint, several or
secondary liability), regardless of whether such debt, obligation, duty or
liability would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in
accordance with GAAP.     4    1.43 "LIEN" means any lien, mortgage,
deed of trust, security interest, charge, pledge, retention of title
agreement, easement, encroachment, condition, reservation, covenant or other
encumbrance affecting title or the use, benefit or value of the asset in
question.   1.44 "MATERIAL CONTRACTS" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.13.   1.45 RESERVED.   1.46 "MATERIAL LEASE" means (i) all
Leases relating to the Leased Real Property, and (ii) a Lease relating to
Leased Personal Property involving a term of more than one year or rental
obligations exceeding $10,000 per annum.   1.47 "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.19.2.   1.48 "ORDER" means any
order, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any
Governmental Authority or arbitrator.   1.49 "OTHER LAW" means any Law
applicable to the Business of the Company, other than an Environmental Law or
a law relating to (a) Taxes, or (b) ERISA.   1.50 "PARTY" means each of
Seller and Buyer and "Parties" means Seller and Buyer, collectively.   1.51
"PERMIT" means any permit, license, certificate (including a certificate of
occupancy), registration, authorization or approval issued by a Governmental
Authority.   1.52 "PERMITTED LIENS" means (i) Liens for Taxes that are not
yet due and payable or that are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and as to which adequate reserves have been
established in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, (ii) workers\',
repairmens\' and similar Liens imposed by Law that have been incurred in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, (iii) Liens
and other title defects, easements, encroachments and encumbrances that do
not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the value or
continued use of the property (as currently used) to which they relate, (iv)
the rights of others to customer deposits, and (v) any of the Liens described
in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition incurred in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, after the date
hereof.   1.53 "PERSON" means any natural person, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization or
other entity.   1.54 "PURCHASE PRICE" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.9.   1.55 "REQUIRED CONSENT" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.9.   1.56 "RETIREMENT PLAN" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.19.2.   1.57 "RETURNS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.20.    5    1.58 "SELLER" shall have the meaning set forth in
the first paragraph of this Agreement.   1.59 "SELLER INDEMNITEES" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.   1.60 "SELLER\'S KNOWLEDGE"
means the actual knowledge of the officers and directors of Seller and the
knowledge officers and directors of Seller reasonably should have obtained as
an officer and/or director of Seller carrying out such duties in good
faith.   1.61 "SHARES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.  
1.62 "TAX" or "TAXES" means all income, profits, franchise, gross receipts,
capital, sales, use, withholding, value added, ad valorem,
transfer, employment, social security, disability, occupation, property,
severance, production, excise and other taxes, duties and similar
governmental charges and assessments imposed by or on behalf of any
Governmental Authority (including interest and penalties thereon).   1.63
"TAX LAWS" means the Code and all other Laws relating to Taxes.   1.64
"THIRD PARTY CLAIM" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.2.  
ARTICLE 2  THE MERGER   2.1 THE MERGER. At the Effective Time (as defined
in Section 2.2 below) and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the Texas Business
Corporation Act and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "Merger Laws"),
Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the
surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer. The
surviving corporation after the Merger is sometimes referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation."   2.2 CLOSING.   2.2.1 TIME AND PLACE. On the
terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Closing shall take
place at the offices of the Buyer, located at 2800 Rockcreek Parkway, North
Kansas City, Missouri at 2 p.m. local time on the second business day after
all of the conditions precedent set forth in Article 8 below have been
satisfied or waived by the appropriate Party, effective as of 12:01 a.m. on
that day, or at such other time and place as the Parties shall agree upon in
writing (the "Closing Date"). On the Closing Date, the Parties shall cause
the Merger to be consummated by filing Articles of Merger (or like
instrument), in substantially the form attached as EXHIBIT A(1), with the
Secretary of State of the State of Texas (the "Articles of Merger"), and a
Certificate of Merger (or like instrument), in substantially the form
attached as EXHIBIT A(2), with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware (the "Certificate of Merger"), in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Merger Laws (the time of acceptance by the Secretaries of
State of the State of Texas and Delaware of such filing shall be referred to
as the "Effective Time").   6    2.2.2 DELIVERIES BY SELLER. At the
Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer the following:   (a) Share
certificates representing all of the Shares,  duly endorsed in blank or
accompanied by duly executed stock powers  duly endorsed in blank;   (b)
The recorded Charter Document of the Company,  recently certified by the
Secretary of State of the State of Texas and  a Certificate of Good Standing
of the Company dated within ten  business days of the Closing Date issued by
the Secretary of State of  the State of Texas;   (c) The recorded Charter
Document of Seller, recently  certified by the Secretary of State of the
State of California and a  Certificate of Good Standing of Seller dated
within ten business days  of the Closing Date issued by the Secretary of
State of the State of  California;   (d) A certificate of the Secretary or
Assistant  Secretary of Seller, dated the Closing Date and substantially in
the  form attached as EXHIBIT B(1), certifying (i) the adoption of 
resolutions of the Board of Directors of Seller authorizing the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) the incumbency and  signatures of those
officers of Seller that executed this Agreement  and any documents or
agreements related to the Closing, and (iii) a  true and correct copy of the
Bylaws of Seller in effect on the Closing  Date, all in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Buyer;   (e) A certificate of the Secretary or
Assistant  Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date and substantially
in  the form attached as EXHIBIT B(2), certifying (i) the adoption of 
resolutions of the Board of Directors and the sole shareholder of the 
Company authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,  (ii)
the incumbency and signatures of those officers of the Company  that executed
this Agreement and any documents or agreements related  to the Closing, and
(iii) a true and correct copy of the Bylaws of the  Company in effect on the
Closing Date, all in form and substance  reasonably satisfactory to
Buyer;   (f) A certificate, substantially in the form attached  as EXHIBIT
C(1), of an executive officer of Seller, dated the Closing  Date, certifying
that the conditions to Buyer\'s obligation to  consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement set forth  in Sections 8.1.1, 8.1.2 and 8.1.7
have been satisfied;   (g) A written opinion addressed to Buyer from
counsel  for Seller and the Company substantially in the form attached as 
EXHIBIT D(1);   (h) Resignations of each of the members of the Board  of
Directors of the Company; and   (i) Such other documents, instruments and
certificates  as Buyer and Merger Sub may reasonably request in connection
with the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement.     7    2.2.3
DELIVERIES BY BUYER. At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the
following:   (a) The payment described in Section 2.10.1   below;   (b)
The recorded Charter Document of the  Merger Sub, recently certified by the
Secretary of State of the State  of Delaware and a Certificate of Good
Standing of the Merger Sub dated  within ten business days of the Closing
Date issued by the Secretary  of State of the State of Delaware;   (c) A
certificate of the Secretary or  Assistant Secretary of Buyer, dated the
Closing Date and substantially  in the form attached as EXHIBIT B(3),
certifying the incumbency and  signatures of those officers of Buyer that
executed this Agreement and  any documents or agreements related to the
Closing;   (d) A certificate of the Secretary or  Assistant Secretary of
the Merger Sub, dated the Closing Date and  substantially in the form
attached as EXHIBIT B(4), certifying (i) the  adoption of resolutions of the
Board of Directors and the sole  stockholder of the Merger Sub authorizing
the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) the incumbency and
signatures of  those officers of the Merger Sub that executed this Agreement
and any  documents or agreements related to the Closing, and (iii) a true
and  correct copy of the Bylaws of the Merger Sub in effect on the Closing 
Date, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Seller;   (e) A
certificate, substantially in the form  attached as EXHIBIT C(2), of an
executive officer of Buyer, dated the  Closing Date, certifying that the
conditions to Seller\'s obligations  to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement set  forth in Sections 8.2.1 and 8.2.2 have
been satisfied;   (f) A written opinion addressed to Seller  and the
Company from counsel for Buyer substantially in the form  attached as EXHIBIT
D(2); and   (g) Such other documents, instruments and  certificates as
Seller and the Company may reasonably request in  connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   2.3 EXPENSES. Seller and
Buyer shall each pay their respective expenses incurred in connection with
the negotiation, execution, closing, and performance of this Agreement.
Without limitation of the foregoing:   2.3.1 Seller shall be responsible for
and pay all stock transfer taxes payable in connection with the Merger;
and   2.3.2 Buyer shall be responsible for and pay all sales, transfer,
deed, stamp, notary public and other similar taxes, duties and transfer fees
applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (other than
stock transfer taxes), including fees to record transfer documents.  
8    2.4 EFFECT OF THE MERGER. At the Effective Time, the effect of the
Merger shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of the Merger
Laws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto,
at the Effective Time, except as otherwise agreed to pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of the Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and
all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall become
the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   2.5
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS.   2.5.1 Unless otherwise determined by
Buyer prior to the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation of the
Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the
Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation at the Effective Time
until thereafter amended in accordance with the Texas Business Corporation
Act and as provided in such Articles of Incorporation.   2.5.2 Unless
otherwise determined by Buyer prior to the Effective Time, the Bylaws of the
Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation at the Effective Time until thereafter
amended in accordance with the Texas Business Corporation Act and as provided
in the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such
Bylaws.   2.6 DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Unless otherwise determined by Buyer
prior to the Effective Time, the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving
Corporation immediately after the Effective Time, to hold the office of a
director of the Surviving Corporation in accordance with the provisions of
the Texas Business Corporation Act and the Articles of Incorporation and
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until his or her successors is duly
elected and qualified. Unless otherwise determined by Buyer prior to the
Effective Time, the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the
Effective Time, to hold office in accordance with the provisions of the
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.   2.7 EFFECT OF MERGER ON THE CAPITAL
STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS.   2.7.1 CONVERSION OF COMPANY
CAPITAL STOCK. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the Merger Sub or the Company, all of the Shares issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any
Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.8 below) and other than shares to
be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.7.2 below), will be canceled and
extinguished and converted automatically into the right to receive the
Purchase Price.   2.7.2 CANCELLATION OF CERTAIN SHARES OF CAPITAL STOCK
OF THE COMPANY. Any shares of capital stock of the Company that are owned
directly or indirectly by the Company shall be canceled and no portion of the
Purchase Price shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   9    2.7.3
ASSUMPTION OF COMPANY OPTIONS TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK. No options issued and
outstanding under the Company\'s 1997 Stock Option Plan (the "Company Option
Plan") shall be assumed by Merger Sub or Buyer.   2.7.4 CAPITAL STOCK OF
MERGER SUB. Each share of Common Stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and exchanged
for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock of
the Surviving Corporation. Each stock certificate evidencing ownership of any
such shares shall continue to evidence ownership of such shares of capital
stock of the Surviving Corporation.   2.8 DISSENTERS\' RIGHTS.   (i)
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, any
shares held by a holder who has exercised and perfected appraisal rights for
such shares in accordance with Section 5.11 of the Texas Business Corporation
Act and who has not effectively withdrawn or lost such appraisal rights
("Dissenting Shares"), shall not be converted into or represent a right to
receive the consideration set forth in Section 2.9 hereof, but the holder
shall only be entitled to such rights as are provided by the Texas Business
Corporation Act.   (ii) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section
2.8(i) hereof, if any holder of Dissenting Shares shall effectively withdraw
or lose (through failure to perfect or otherwise) such holder\'s appraisal
rights under Texas Business Corporation Act, then, as of the later of the
Effective Time and the occurrence of such event, such holder\'s shares shall
automatically be converted into and represent only the right to receive the
consideration pursuant to 2.9 hereof, without interest thereon, upon
surrender of the certificate(s) representing such shares.   (iii) Seller
shall give Buyer (a) prompt notice of any written demand for appraisal
received by it pursuant to the applicable provisions of Texas Business
Corporation Act, and (b) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations
and proceedings with respect to such demands.   2.9 PURCHASE PRICE. The
consideration for the Merger shall be2.9 $5,820,000.00 (the "Purchase
Price"), subject to the following conditions and adjustments:   2.9.1 As of
the Closing Date, the Company shall have no indebtedness to third parties
(including but not limited to Seller or its Affiliates), other than (i)
payables to vendors and contractors (other than any payables owed to Seller
or its Affiliates), (ii) obligations to employees incurred in the ordinary
course of its business, (iii) lease obligations, and (iv) intercompany
payables to Seller for unreimbursed services and expenses incurred by Seller
on behalf of the Company in the ordinary course of business (collectively,
"Intercompany Trade Payables") (such indebtedness, excluding the indebtedness
set forth in (i) - (iv) above, is referred to as "Financial Debt"). In the
event the Company is subject to Financial Debt as of the Closing Date (other
than as provided above), the Purchase Price shall be reduced in the
total amount of such Financial Debt, including any accrued interest and other
charges as of the Closing Date.   2.9.2 As of the Closing, the Company
shall not have paid, and shall have no current or future obligation to pay,
any amount pursuant to brokerage commissions and   10   transaction
costs or any other fee, commission or other form of compensation to any
financial, legal or other advisor retained to represent the interests
of Seller or the Company in connection with the sale of the Shares or assets
of the Company or similar transaction ("Seller Advisor\'s Fee"). In the event
that, as of the Closing, the Company has paid or has a current or future
obligation to pay Seller Advisor\'s Fee, the Purchase Price shall be reduced
in the amount of any such payments or obligations.   2.10 PAYMENT OF
PURCHASE PRICE. The Purchase Price shall be paid by Buyer to Seller as
follows:   2.10.1 $3,820,000.00, less the amount of any
adjustment determined in accordance with Section 2.9.1 or Section 2.9.2,
shall be paid to the Seller at Closing by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the bank account described in wire transfer instructions
provided by Seller to Buyer at least two days prior to Closing;   2.10.2
$1,000,000.00, less the amount of any adjustment determined in accordance
with Section 2.11, shall be paid to the Seller on the first anniversary of
the Closing Date, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank
account described in wire transfer instructions previously provided by Seller
to Buyer, or such other instructions provided by Seller to Buyer at least two
days prior to such date.   2.10.3 $1,000,000.00, less the amount of any
adjustment determined in accordance with Section 2.11, shall be paid to the
Seller on the second anniversary of the Closing Date, by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to the bank account described in wire transfer
instructions previously provided by Seller to Buyer, or such other
instructions provided by Seller to Buyer at least two days prior to such
date.   2.11 POST-CLOSING ADJUSTMENT. Seller has prepared, in
accordance with GAAP, an unaudited balance sheet of the Company as of October
1, 2000 (the "Baseline Balance Sheet Date"), which is attached as part of
SCHEDULE 3.7.1 (the "Baseline Balance Sheet"). Seller shall deliver, as soon
as available, but in no event later than the Closing, an audited Baseline
Balance Sheet (the "Audited Baseline Balance Sheet"). Not later than 60 days
after the Closing Date, Seller shall cause its independent auditor,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (the "Independent Firm"), to prepare an audited
balance sheet of the Company as of Closing Date (the "Closing Date Balance
Sheet"), which shall be delivered to Buyer and Seller. The Purchase Price
shall be decreased to the extent the total shareholder\'s equity reflected in
the Baseline Balance Sheet (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be the
unaudited Baseline Balance Sheet) exceeds the total shareholder\'s equity
reflected in the Closing Date Balance Sheet. Alternatively, the Purchase
Price shall be increased to the extent the total shareholder\'s equity
reflected in the Baseline Balance Sheet (which, for the avoidance of doubt,
shall be the unaudited Baseline Balance Sheet) is less than that reflected in
the Closing Date Balance Sheet. Any decrease in the Purchase Price to which
the Buyer may be entitled pursuant to this Section 2.11 may be offset against
the Buyer\'s payment obligations under Sections 2.10.2 or 2.10.3 above. Any
increase in the Purchase Price to which the Seller may be entitled pursuant
to this Section 2.11 shall be paid to Seller simultaneously with Buyer\'s
payment obligation under Section 2.10.2 above.   11    2.12 SECTION
338(h)(10) ELECTION. Seller and Buyer shall timely make a joint election
under Section 338(h)(10) of the Code and any corresponding elections under
U.S. state, local or foreign tax law (collectively the "Section 338(h)(10)
Election") with respect to the Merger. Seller will pay any Tax attributable
to the making of the Section 338(h)(10) Election and will indemnify Buyer and
the Company against any adverse consequences arising out of any failure to
pay such Tax. Seller and Buyer shall cooperate with each other to take all
actions necessary and appropriate to effect and preserve a timely Section
338(h)(10) Election. Seller will prepare the election forms and provide them
to Buyer for Buyer\'s review at least three days before the Closing
Date. Buyer will execute and return the election forms to Seller at least two
calendar days before the Closing Date. Buyer will file such election forms on
or before the respective due dates for such election forms. Seller and Buyer
shall report the Merger pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with the Section 338(h)(10) Election.   2.13 ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE.
Seller and Buyer agree that the Purchase Price and the liabilities of the
Company (plus other relevant items) will be allocated to the assets of the
Company for Tax purposes as shown on the Allocation Schedule which shall be
prepared by Buyer and shall be delivered to Seller within 30 calendar days of
the Closing Date. Seller and Buyer will file all Returns (including amended
returns and claims for refund) and information reports in a manner consistent
with such allocation. The Parties agree that such allocation shall be made in
accordance with Section 338(h)(10) of the Code and any applicable Treasury
Regulations.   ARTICLE 3  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER  
Seller makes the following representations and warranties to Buyer, except as
set forth on the Schedules delivered to Buyer and its counsel:   3.1
CORPORATE ORGANIZATION. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Texas. The
Company has all corporate power needed to own or lease and operate its
properties and to conduct its business as now conducted. Seller is
a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of the State of California. Seller has all corporate power needed to
own or lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as now
conducted. The Company does not have any subsidiaries and does not hold any
equity or other ownership interest in any other entity.   3.2 DUE
QUALIFICATION. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good
standing under the laws of each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or properties makes such qualification necessary, except as would
not have a material adverse effect on the Business of the Company. The list
of jurisdictions in which the Company is qualified to do business is set
forth in SCHEDULE 3.2.   3.3 CORPORATE DOCUMENTATION. Except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 3.3, (i) copies of the Charter Documents and the Bylaws that have
been delivered to Buyer are complete and correct, and (ii) the minute books
of the Company shown to Buyer are complete and accurately reflect all
proceedings (including actions taken by written consent) of the shareholders
and     12   directors and all committees thereof of the Company in all
material respects since the Company\'s incorporation.   3.4 CAPITALIZATION.
The entire authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 15,000,000
shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Of the shares of Preferred
Stock, 1,500,000 shares have been designated as "Series A Preferred Stock,"
of which 1,333,333 shares are issued and outstanding, and 8,500,000 shares
have been designated as "Series B Preferred Stock," of which 4,606,539 shares
are issued and outstanding (the "Authorized Capital Stock"). As of the date
hereof, there are no shares of Common Stock outstanding. All of the issued
and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are validly issued and outstanding
and are held by Seller (such issued shares shall be called, collectively, the
"Shares"). The Company has no Treasury Stock. The Shares have been validly
issued, are fully paid, and nonassessable, have not been issued in violation
of any preemptive rights and are owned beneficially and of record by Seller,
free and clear of any Liens. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.4, no options,
warrants or other rights to acquire, sell, or issue shares of capital stock
of the Company are outstanding. None of the Shares were issued in violation
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any Other Law. The Shares are,
and the Shares to be received by Buyer pursuant to Section 2.7 will be at the
Effective Time, free and clear of all Liens and with no proxies
or restrictions on the voting or other rights pertaining thereto.   3.5
AUTHORIZATION; EXECUTION AND VALIDITY.   (i) The execution, delivery and
performance by Seller of this Agreement and the consummation by Seller of the
transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated by it have been duly
authorized by all necessary company action. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Seller, constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of Seller and is enforceable against Seller in accordance with its
terms, except to the extent that the enforcement hereof may be limited by (i)
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now
or hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights generally, and (ii)
general principles of equity regardless of whether enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.   (ii) The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby to be
consummated by it have been duly authorized by all necessary company action.
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the
Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company and is
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except to the
extent that the enforcement hereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter
in effect relating to creditors\' rights generally, and (ii) general
principles of equity regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law.   3.6 OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS. SCHEDULE 3.6
sets forth a list of all of the corporate officers and directors of the
Company who are duly elected and qualified to hold such office on the date
hereof.    13    3.7 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED
LIABILITIES.   3.7.1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Attached as SCHEDULE 3.7.1 are
true and correct copies of the (i) unaudited balance sheet of the Company
at October 1, 2000, and (ii) unaudited statements of income for the fiscal
years ending September 27, 1998, October 3, 1999 and October 1, 2000. Such
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
condition and the results of operations of the Company as of the respective
dates of and for the periods referred to in such financial statements, all in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved,
except as disclosed in notes to such financial statements.   3.7.2 ABSENCE
OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. Except to the extent (i) fully reflected or
reserved against on the Baseline Balance Sheet, or (ii) disclosed on SCHEDULE
3.7.2, the Company had no Liabilities as of the Baseline Balance Sheet
Date.   3.8 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Since the Baseline Balance
Sheet Date, except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.8, the Company has conducted
its Business in the ordinary course consistent with past practices and there
has been no (i) event or occurrence that has had a material adverse effect on
the Company other than changes or effects arising out of general
economic conditions, (ii) material amendment or termination of any Material
Contract, Material Lease or material Permit relating to the Business, other
than in the ordinary course of business, (iii) material destruction, damage
or other loss to any of the assets of the Company that is not covered by
insurance and that is not reasonably likely to result in a material
interruption of the Company\'s business, (iv) material sale, lease or other
disposition of any of the assets of the Company, other than the sale of the
Cardiology Systems Group and assets sold, leased or otherwise disposed of in
the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, (v)
material purchase or lease of any assets of the Company, other than assets
purchased or leased in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice, (vi) material increase in the compensation payable to any of
the Employees, except for increases in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice, or (vii) agreement or commitment by the
Company to take any action described in this Section 3.8.   3.9 NO
CONFLICT; SELLER CONSENTS. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.9, the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by each of Seller and
the Company will not (i) violate any material Law to which either Seller or
the Company is subject, (ii) violate any Charter Document of Seller or the
Company, (iii) violate any Order to which either Seller or the Company is
a party or by which either Seller or the Company is bound, (iv) require
any Consent from any Person, including any Governmental Authority, except
for actions required to be taken by Buyer and Merger Sub, (v) breach any
Material Contract, Material Lease or material Permit relating to the
Business, or (vi) result in the creation of any Lien on any of the assets of
the Company (each Consent set forth in SCHEDULE 3.9 as a result of clauses
(iii), (iv), (v) and (vi), above, is referred to herein as a "Required
Consent").   3.10 LEASED REAL PROPERTY. The Company owns no real
property. SCHEDULE 3.10 lists all of the real property leased to the Company
("Leased Real Property"). Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.10, all Material
Leases of Leased Real Property are valid and binding and in full force and
effect. There has been no material breach of any such Material Lease by the
Company     14   or, to Seller\'s Knowledge, any other Person, which
breach has not been cured or waived. A true and complete copy of each of the
Material Leases, as amended to date, has been furnished to Buyer. The Company
is the lessee or sublessee under all Material Leases or has succeeded (or
will succeed prior to Closing) to the rights of the lessee under such
Material Lease and owns the leasehold interest created pursuant to such lease
free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens. The Company validly
occupies such Leased Real Property in accordance with the terms of such
Material Leases free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens.   3.11
PERSONAL PROPERTY.   3.11.1 OWNED PERSONAL PROPERTY. Except as set forth
on SCHEDULE 3.11.1, subject to Permitted Liens, the Company has marketable
and indefeasible title to all personal property owned by the Company or used
in the conduct of the Business, other than (i) property that has been
disposed of in the ordinary course of business, (ii) property that has been
disposed of in transactions disclosed to Buyer prior to the date hereof,
which shall include without limitation the Cardiology Systems Group, and
(iii) Leased Personal Property.   3.11.2 LEASED PERSONAL PROPERTY. SCHEDULE
3.11.2 lists all of the Company\'s Material Leases of Leased Personal
Property used in the Business. All such Material Leases of Leased Personal
Property are valid and binding and in full force and effect. There has been
no material breach of any such Material Lease by the Company or, to Seller\'s
Knowledge, any other Person, which breach has not been cured or waived.  
3.12 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE. SCHEDULE 3.12 sets forth all Accounts Receivable of
the Company as of the Baseline Balance Sheet Date, and the approximate aging
of such Accounts Receivable. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.12, all
Accounts Receivable of the Company reflected on SCHEDULE 3.12 and
all Accounts Receivable of the Company generated after the Baseline Balance
Sheet Date that are reflected in the accounting records of the Company as of
the Closing Date represent or will represent valid obligations arising from
sales actually made or services actually performed or billed for in the
ordinary course of the Business. To Seller\'s Knowledge, all Accounts
Receivable are current and collectible in the ordinary course of business
except to the extent reflected in the reserve for doubtful accounts in the
Baseline Balance Sheet or in SCHEDULE 3.12. The reserve for doubtful accounts
reflected in the Baseline Balance Sheet has been determined consistent with
past practices and in accordance with GAAP. The Company has good and valid
title to the Accounts Receivable free and clear of all Liens except Permitted
Liens.   3.13 CONTRACTS. SCHEDULE 3.13 lists all written Contracts
and describes in reasonable detail all unwritten Contracts to which the
Company is a party or the assets of the Company are subject, meeting any of
the following descriptions ("Material Contracts"):   3.13.1 contracts
relating to (i) the suppliers of components incorporated within the
Company\'s products, (ii) products and services which the Company purchases,
resells or distributes, and (iii) all other contracts of the Company pursuant
to which the Company is obligated to expend $100,000 or more per
year;     15    3.13.2 the top 20, based on revenues as of the
Baseline Balance Sheet Date, customer contracts regarding the Company\'s
QuadRIS product, four of which include the Company\'s Envoi product;  
3.13.3 the top ten, based on revenues as of the Baseline Balance Sheet Date,
MARS client support contracts of the Company;   3.13.4 the Company\'s Images
and laboratory client support contracts;   3.13.5 contracts relating to the
borrowing or lending of money or the creation of any guarantee or security
interest affecting the Company;   3.13.6 contracts entered into by the
Company other than in the ordinary course of its business;   3.13.7
contracts that are not terminable by the Company prior to one year from the
date hereof;   3.13.8 contracts that limit the freedom of the Company
to compete in any line of business or to conduct business in any
geographic location;   3.13.9 pending contracts relating to the purchase,
sale or combination of any business or line of business (by asset transfer,
equity transfer, merger, consolidation or otherwise); and   3.13.10
contracts relating to any joint venture, partnership or other cooperative
arrangement with any third party.  Contracts listed or described by Seller
in SCHEDULES 3.10, 3.11.2, 3.18.1, 3.18.3, 3.19.1, 3.21 and 3.22 will be
deemed to have been listed or described in SCHEDULE 3.13. All Material
Contracts are valid and binding and in full force and effect. There has been
no material breach of any Contract by the Company or, to Seller\'s Knowledge,
any other Person, which breach has not been cured or waived. The Company has
not been informed that any significant customer, vendor or supplier of the
Company intends to discontinue or substantially alter its relationship with
the Company.   3.14 LITIGATION; ORDERS. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE
3.14, there is no Action by any Person or by or before any Governmental
Authority that is pending or, to Seller\'s Knowledge threatened, by, against
or affecting the Company or any of its assets. Except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 3.14, to Seller\'s Knowledge, the Company is not subject to any
Order.   3.15 ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS. With respect to the ownership
and operation of the Business: (i) the Company is in compliance in all
material respects with all Environmental Laws; (ii) the Company is not aware
of any fact or circumstance which could result in any environmental liability
which could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on
the Business of the Company; (iii) as of the Closing, except in compliance
with Environmental Laws in a manner that could not reasonably be expected to
subject the Company to liability, to the Seller\'s Knowledge, no Hazardous
Materials are present on any Leased Real    16   Property; and (iv) no
written notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation,
summons, complaint or Order has been received by, and no Action is pending,
or to Seller\'s Knowledge, threatened by any Person against the Company with
respect to any Environmental Law.   3.16 OTHER LAWS. To Seller\'s Knowledge,
the Company has not failed, in any material respect, to (i) comply with any
material Other Law, or (ii) maintain in effect and comply with any Permit
required by any Other Law. SCHEDULE 3.16 sets forth all material Permits
owned or held by the Company. No action is pending or, to Seller\'s
Knowledge, threatened to revoke or limit any such Permit which, if adversely
determined, would be material to the Business. All of the Company\'s Permits
are valid and in full force and effect and the Company is not in default, and
no circumstances exist which could cause any Permit to be revoked, modified
or rendered nonrenewable upon payment of the Permit fee.   3.17
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.   3.17.1 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSETS. The
term "Intellectual Property Assets" means the following, each of which are
owned, used or licensed by the Company, except in connection with the
Cardiology Systems Group and except for those the absence or loss of which
would not have a material adverse effect on the Business of the Company:  
(a) fictional business names, trading names,  registered and unregistered
trademarks, service marks, and  applications therefor as well as the goodwill
of the business  associated therewith (collectively, "Marks");   (b)
patents, patent applications, and  inventions and discoveries that may be
patentable (collectively,  "Patent Rights");   (c) copyrightable works in
both published  works and unpublished works registered and unregistered,
including any  software (collectively, "Copyrights"); and   (d) trade
secrets (such as customer  information, technical and non-technical data, a
formula, pattern,  compilation, program, device, method, technique, drawing,
process) and  other confidential and proprietary information concerning the 
products, processes or services of the Company (collectively, "Trade 
Secrets").   The Intellectual Property Assets constitute all of the Marks,
Patent Rights, Copyrights and Trade Secrets which are necessary for the
conduct of the Business (other than the Cardiology Systems Group) in the
manner conducted by the Company as of the Baseline Balance Sheet Date.  
3.17.2 AGREEMENTS. SCHEDULE 3.17.2 contains a complete and accurate list of
all royalty or fee-bearing Contracts involving or relating to the
Intellectual Property Assets to which the Company is licensor, or all royalty
or fee-bearing Contracts involving Marks, Patent Rights, Copyrights or Trade
Secrets of third parties to which the Company is bound as licensee. There are
no outstanding and, to the Seller\'s Knowledge, no threatened disputes
or disagreements with respect to any such Contracts.   17    3.17.3 NO
ENCUMBRANCES. Other than as described in that certain Domestic Subsidiary
Security Agreement (Intellectual Property) granted by the Company in favor of
ABN Amro Bank, N.V. ("ABN Amro") and the ABN Amro guaranty described in
Section 8.1.8 below, the Intellectual Property Assets are held free and clear
of all Liens, security interests, charges, encumbrances, equities, and other
adverse claims. All current Employees of the Company and, to the Seller\'s
Knowledge, all former Employees, have executed written Contracts with the
Company that assign to the Company all rights to any
inventions, improvements, discoveries or information relating to the Business
after such time as such Employees became employed by the Company. No Employee
of the Company has entered into any Contract that restricts or limits in any
way the scope or type of work in which the Employee may be engaged or
requires the Employee to transfer, assign, or disclose information concerning
his or her work to anyone other than the Company.   3.17.4 PATENT RIGHTS.
Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 3.17.4, the Company does not own or license
any Patent Rights and has not filed any applications for a patent. To the
Seller\'s Knowledge, none of the products manufactured and sold or services
rendered, nor any process or know-how used, by the Company infringes or is
alleged to infringe any patent or other proprietary right of any other
Person.   3.17.5 TRADEMARKS.   (a) SCHEDULE 3.17.5 contains a complete
and  accurate list and summary description of all Marks owned by the 
Company, including the dates of first use of each such Mark and  samples
evidencing the manner in which the Mark has been used. The  Company is the
owner of all right, title, and interest in and to each  of the Marks set
forth in SCHEDULE 3.17.5 free and clear of all Liens,  security interests,
charges, encumbrances, equities and other adverse  claims, except to the
extent the absence or loss of such Marks would  not have a material adverse
effect on the Business.   (b) To the Seller\'s Knowledge, no Mark set 
forth in SCHEDULE 3.17.5 has been or is now involved in any  opposition,
invalidation, or cancellation and no such action is  threatened with respect
to any of such Marks.   (c) To Seller\'s Knowledge, there is no 
potentially interfering trademark or trademark application of any  third
party with respect to such Marks.   (d) To the Seller\'s Knowledge, no such
Mark  is infringed or has been challenged or threatened in any way. To 
Seller\'s Knowledge, none of the Marks set forth in SCHEDULE 3.17.5  used by
the Company infringes or is alleged to infringe any trade  name, trademark or
service mark of any third party.   (e) All products and materials
containing  such Marks bear the proper federal registration notice where
permitted  by law.   3.17.6 COPYRIGHTS. To the Seller\'s Knowledge, none of
the subject matter of any of the Company\'s Copyrights infringes or is
alleged to infringe any copyright of any third party or is a derivative work
based on the work of a third party. Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 3.17.6,
the Company is the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to each of
such Copyrights     18   free and clear of all Liens, security
interests, charges, encumbrances, equities and other adverse claims, except
to the extent the absence or loss of such Copyrights would not have a
material adverse effect on the Business.   3.17.7 TRADE SECRETS.   (a)
With respect to each Company Trade  Secret, the documentation relating to
such Trade Secret is current,  accurate, and sufficient in detail and content
to identify and explain  it and to allow its full and proper use without
reliance on the  knowledge or memory of any individual.   (b) Seller has
taken all reasonable  precautions to protect the secrecy, confidentiality,
and value of such  Trade Secrets. The Company has good title and an absolute
right to use  such Trade Secrets, except to the extent the absence or loss of
such  Trade Secrets would not have a material adverse effect on the 
Business. Such Trade Secrets are not part of the public knowledge or 
literature, and, to Seller\'s Knowledge, have not been used, divulged,  or
appropriated either for the benefit of any Person or to the  detriment of
Seller. To Seller\'s Knowledge, no adverse claim to any  such Trade Secret
has been asserted. To Seller\'s Knowledge, no such  Trade Secret is subject
to any adverse claim, has been challenged or  threatened in any way or
infringes any proprietary right of any other  Person.   3.18 EMPLOYEES;
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS AND POLICIES.   3.18.1 SCHEDULE 3.18.1 sets forth for
each employee of the Company ("Employee"), the Employee\'s (i) date of
employment, (ii) job title or position, (iii) base salary on an annualized
basis, (iv) work location, (v) eligibility, if any, for any bonus payment,
and (vi) eligibility for or receipt of options to purchase capital stock of
the Company or Seller. Seller and the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to continue the employment of said Employees with the
Company until the Closing. To Seller\'s Knowledge, no director, officer or
Key Employee intends to terminate his employment with the Company prior to
Closing.   3.18.2 None of the Employees is subject to a
collective bargaining or other labor union agreement. No material work
stoppage or material labor dispute against the Company in connection with the
Business is pending or, to Seller\'s Knowledge, threatened and, to Seller\'s
Knowledge, there is no related organizational activity by any Employees. As
of the date hereof, the Company has not received any written notice of any
unfair labor practice in connection with the Business, and, to Seller\'s
Knowledge, no such complaints are pending before the National Labor Relations
Board or other similar Governmental Authority.   3.18.3 SCHEDULE 3.18.3
sets forth a list (in the case of written documents) or description (in the
case of unwritten material) of any of the following with respect to which the
Company has or may have any existing or future obligation (the "Employment
Obligations") to any past or present Employee, consultant, individual
independent contractor, director, officer or person engaged in any similar
capacity:   (a) Contracts between the Company and any  such Employee,
consultant, individual independent contractor,  director, officer or person;
or     19    (b) Policies, plans, terms, conditions or  practices of
the Company relating to any aspect of the Company\'s  relations with
Employees generally, or any individual or class of  Employees, consultants,
individual independent contractors, directors,  officers or persons.  
3.18.4 No Employee or director of the Company is a party to, or is otherwise
bound by, any agreement or arrangement, including any confidentiality,
noncompetition, or proprietary rights agreement, between such Employee or
director and any other Person ("Proprietary Rights Agreement") that in any
way adversely affects or will affect the ability of the Company to conduct
its Business, including any Proprietary Rights Agreement with the Company by
any such Employee or director.   3.19 BENEFIT PLANS.   3.19.1 SCHEDULE
3.19.1 contains a correct and complete list identifying each material
"employee benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, each
employment, severance or similar contract, plan, arrangement or policy and
each other plan or arrangement (written or oral) providing for compensation,
bonuses, profit-sharing, stock option or other stock related rights or other
forms of incentive or deferred compensation, vacation benefits, insurance
coverage (including any self-insured arrangements), health or
medical benefits, disability benefits, workers\' compensation, supplemental
unemployment benefits, severance benefits and post-employment or retirement
benefits (including compensation, pension, health, medical or life insurance
benefits) that is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company
or any of its ERISA Affiliates and covers any employee or former employee of
the Company. Copies of such plans (and, if applicable, related trust
agreements) and all amendments thereto and written interpretations will be
made available upon request to Buyer together with the most recent annual
report (Form 5500 including, if applicable, Schedule B thereto), the most
recent summary plan description and material employee communications prepared
in connection with any such plan. Such plans are referred to collectively
herein as the "Company Employee Plans." For purposes of this Section 3.19,
"ERISA Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person which, together with
such Person, would be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the
Code.   3.19.2 No Company Employee Plan is now or at any time has been
subject to Part 3, Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA. At no
time has the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates contributed to, or
been required to contribute to, any "multiemployer plan," as defined in
Section 3(37) of ERISA (a "Multiemployer Plan"), or any other plan subject to
Title IV of ERISA (a "Retirement Plan"), and neither the Company nor any of
its ERISA Affiliates has, or ever has had, any material liability relating to
the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan. To the
Seller\'s Knowledge, no condition exists and no event has occurred that would
be reasonably likely to constitute grounds for termination of any Company
Employee Plan that is a Retirement Plan or, with respect to any Company
Employee Plan that is a Multiemployer Plan, presents a material risk of a
complete or partial withdrawal under Title IV of ERISA and neither the
Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any liability under
Title IV of ERISA arising in connection with the termination of, or complete
or partial withdrawal from, any plan covered or previously covered by Title
IV of ERISA that would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect
on the Company. To the Seller\'s Knowledge, nothing has been done or omitted
to be done and no transaction or holding of any     20   asset under
or in connection with any Company Employee Plan has occurred that will make
the Company, or any officer or director of the Company, subject to
any liability under Title I of ERISA or liable for any tax pursuant to
Section 4975 of the Code (assuming the taxable period of any such transaction
expired as of the date hereof) that would be reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on the Company.   3.19.3 To the Seller\'s
Knowledge, each Company Employee Plan that is intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code now meets, and at all times since its inception
have met, the requirements for such qualification other than such
requirements for which a remedial amendment period has not expired, and each
trust forming a part thereof is now, and at all times since its inception has
been, exempt from tax pursuant to Section 501(a) of the Code. Each such plan
has received a determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the
effect that such plan is qualified and its related trust is exempt from
federal income taxes. The Company has furnished, or will make available upon
request, to Buyer copies of the most recent Internal Revenue Service
determination letters with respect to each such Company Employee Plan. To the
Seller\'s Knowledge, each Company Employee Plan has been maintained
and administered in substantial compliance with its terms and with the
requirements prescribed by any and all statutes, orders, rules and
regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, which are
applicable to such Company Employee Plan; provided, however, that in any case
in which any Company Employee Plan is currently required to comply with a
provision of ERISA or the Code, but has not yet been amended to reflect such
provision under the current remedial amendment period, such plan has been
maintained and administered in accordance with the provision, and any case in
which any Company Employee Plan has been submitted to the Walk-in Closing
Agreement Program of the Internal Revenue Service\'s Employee Plans
Compliance Resolution System, as set forth in Revenue Procedure 98-22
and 2000-16. To the Seller\'s Knowledge, all material reports, returns and
similar documents with respect to each Company Employee Plan required to be
filed with any governmental agency or distributed to any Company Employee
Plan participant have been duly timely filed and distributed.   3.19.4
There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement that, as a result of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, would be reasonably likely to
obligate the Company to make any payment of any amount that would not be
deductible pursuant to the terms of Section 162(m) or Section 280G of the
Code.   3.19.5 Except as disclosed in writing to the Buyer prior to the
date hereof, there has been no amendment to, written interpretation
or announcement (whether or not written) relating to, or change in
employee participation or coverage under, any Company Employee Plan that
would increase materially the expense of maintaining such Company Employee
Plan above the level of the expense incurred in respect thereof for the
fiscal year ended on the Baseline Balance Sheet Date.   3.19.6 No Company
Employee Plan promises or provides post-retirement medical, life insurance or
other benefits due now or in the future to current, former or retired
employees of the Company.   3.20 TAXES. All federal, state, local and
foreign tax returns, reports, declarations and forms relating to the Company
or any combined, consolidated, affiliated or unitary tax group of    
21   which the Company is or has been a member that were required to be
filed prior to the date hereof ("Returns") have been accurately prepared in
all material respects and timely filed. All Taxes that have become due for
the periods covered by the Returns and all deficiencies and assessments for
any amount of Taxes that are or would become payable by the Company or
chargeable as a Lien upon any of the Company\'s assets have been duly and
timely paid. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.20, the Company is not the
beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Return. The
Company has not made any material payments, is not obligated to make any
material payments and is not a party to any agreement that under certain
circumstances could obligate it to make any material payments that will not
be deductible under Section 280(G) of the Code.   3.21 INSURANCE. SCHEDULE
3.21 contains a correct and complete list of all insurance policies of the
Company concerning its Business and property. These policies are in the
amounts set forth in SCHEDULE 3.21. The Company has maintained and now
maintains: (i) insurance on all assets and business of a type customarily
insured, covering property damage and loss of income by fire or other
casualty; and (ii) adequate insurance protection against all liabilities,
claims and risks against which it is customary to insure. Seller is not in
default with respect to payment of premiums on any such policy. Except as set
forth in SCHEDULE 3.21, no claim is pending under any such policies. The
Employee Benefits Liability Policy and the Errors and Omission Policy
maintained by Seller are the only claims made coverage policies. At Buyer\'s
request, Seller will cooperate with Buyer in securing tail coverage
with respect to such policies (such coverage to be at Buyer\'s expense).  
3.22 AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS. SCHEDULE 3.22 lists each Contract between the
Company and (i) Seller, (ii) any Affiliate of the Company, or (iii) any
Affiliate of Seller which is currently in effect.   3.23 BROKERS. Except as
set forth in SCHEDULE 3.23, no person is or will become entitled to receive
any brokerage or finder\'s fee, advisory fee or other similar payment for the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by virtue of having been engaged
by or acted on behalf of the Company or Seller.   3.24 CONDITION OF ASSETS.
The buildings, plants, structures and equipment utilized by the Company are
structurally sound, in good operating condition and repair, and are adequate
for the uses to which they are being put, and, to Seller\'s Knowledge, none
of such buildings, plants, structures or equipment is in need of maintenance
or repairs except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs that are not
material in nature or cost.   3.25 DEFERRED REVENUE. SCHEDULE 3.25 is a
complete and accurate list for each significant customer of the Company (as
set forth on SCHEDULE 3.13 above) of the deferred revenue of the Company for
each such customer, as of the Baseline Balance Sheet Date.   3.26 BANK
ACCOUNTS AND POWERS OF ATTORNEY. SCHEDULE 3.26 sets forth each bank, savings
institution and other financial institution with which the Company has an
account or safe deposit box and the names of all persons authorized to draw
thereon or to have access thereto. Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 3.26, the
Company has not given any revocable or irrevocable    22   powers of
attorney or similar grant of authority to any Person relating to the Company
for any purpose whatsoever.   3.27 BOOKS AND RECORDS. Except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 3.27, all books of account, minute books and other records relating
to the ownership and operation of the Company are complete and correct and
have been maintained in accordance with sound business practices. At the
Closing, all of those books and records will be in the possession of the
Company.   3.28 CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES. Neither the Company, nor
to Seller\'s Knowledge, any director, officer, agent or employee of the
Company, has (a) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (b)
made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or
violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as
amended (assuming for purposes of this Section 3.28 that the Company is
subject to Section 30A of the Exchange Act), or (c) made any other unlawful
payment.   3.29 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES NOT MISLEADING.
No representation or warranty of Seller contained in this Agreement omits to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements made herein or
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.   ARTICLE 4  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER   Buyer
makes the following representations and warranties to Seller:   4.1
ORGANIZATION; POWER AND AUTHORITY. Buyer is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. Buyer has
all corporate power needed to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
to be consummated by it. Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. Merger Sub has all
corporate power needed to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby to be
consummated by it.   4.2 AUTHORIZATION; EXECUTION AND VALIDITY.   (i) The
execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the
consummation by Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby to be
consummated by it have been duly authorized by all necessary company action.
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Buyer,
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Buyer and is
enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms, except to the extent
that the enforcement hereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect
relating to creditors\' rights generally, and (ii) general principles of
equity regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law.    23    (ii) The execution, delivery and performance
by Merger Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of the
transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated by it have been duly
authorized by all necessary company action. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Merger Sub, constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of Merger Sub and is enforceable against Merger Sub in accordance
with its terms, except to the extent that the enforcement hereof may be
limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights
generally, and (ii) general principles of equity regardless of whether
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.   4.3 NO
CONFLICT; BUYER CONSENTS. The execution, delivery and performance by each of
Buyer and Merger Sub of this Agreement will not (i) violate any Law to which
Buyer or Merger Sub is subject, (ii) violate any Charter Document of Buyer or
Merger Sub, (iii) violate any Order to which Buyer or Merger Sub is a party
or by which it is bound, (iv) require any Consent from any Person, including
any Governmental Authority, other than the consent and approval of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") and U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") to
the filing made by the Parties pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") (as described in Section
7.6 below) and actions to be taken by Seller and the Company, or (v) breach
any material Contract to which Buyer or Merger Sub is a party or by which it
is bound.   4.4 LITIGATION; ORDERS. There is no Action by any Person or
by or before any Governmental Authority that is pending or, to Buyer\'s
Knowledge, threatened by against or affecting Buyer or any of its properties,
assets, operations or business which would, if adversely determined, have a
material adverse effect on Buyer\'s ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, nor is Buyer subject to any Order which would
have any such effect.   4.5 BROKERS. No Person is or will become entitled
to receive any brokerage or finder\'s fee, advisory fee or other similar
payment for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by virtue of
having been engaged by or acted on behalf of Buyer.   ARTICLE 5  COVENANTS
OF SELLER AND THE COMPANY   5.1 COOPERATION BY SELLER AND THE COMPANY. From
the date hereof through the Closing Date, Seller shall, and Seller shall
cause the Company to, use all commercially reasonable efforts to take all
actions and to do all things necessary or advisable to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to cooperate with Buyer in
connection with the foregoing, including using commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all of the Required Consents; provided, however, that
Seller and the Company shall not be required to incur unreasonable expense in
connection with their obligations under this Section 5.1. Unless required for
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Seller and
the Company shall have no obligation to amend, or cause to be amended, any
Contract, to change, or cause to be changed, any Permit, or to make, or cause
to be made, any payment to obtain any Required Consent.     24    5.2
PRE-CLOSING ACCESS TO INFORMATION. From the date hereof through the Closing
Date, Seller and the Company shall (i) afford to Buyer, its accountants and
its counsel access, in a reasonable manner, upon reasonable notice and at
reasonable times, full and free access to each of the Company\'s personnel,
properties, contracts, books and records, and other reasonable documents and
data, and the Independent Firm, (ii) furnish Buyer, its accountants and its
counsel with copies of all such contracts, books and records, and other
existing documents and data as Buyer may reasonably request, and (iii)
furnish Buyer, its accountants and its counsel with such
additional financial, operating and other data and information as Buyer may
reasonably request.   5.3 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. From the date hereof through
the Closing Date, except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.3 and except for the sale
of the Cardiology Systems Group, the Company shall, and Seller shall cause
the Company to, in connection with the conduct of the Business, use
commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) preserve substantially its
relationships with suppliers, customers and Employees; (ii) maintain
substantially the same amounts and kinds, in the aggregate, of existing
insurance coverage; (iii) perform its obligations under the Material
Contracts and material Permits in all material respects; (iv) comply with all
applicable Laws in all material respects; and (v) carry on the Business in
the ordinary course and consistent with past practice. The Company shall not,
and Seller shall cause the Company to not, in connection with the conduct of
the Business, without the prior written consent of Buyer, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld:   5.3.1 incur or guarantee any debt relating to
the Business, except accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice;   5.3.2 sell, assign or
transfer, or permit the creation of any Lien on, any of the assets of the
Company, except for the sale of the Cardiology Systems Group and any such
assets disposed of in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice;   5.3.3 enter into any Material Contract or Material
Lease relating to the Business outside the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice;   5.3.4 amend or terminate any Material
Contract, Material Lease or material Permit relating to the Business in a
manner that is not in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice;   5.3.5 except for customary merit, cost-of-living
and promotional increases to Employees in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice, increase the rate of compensation or
bonus eligibility for any Employee;   5.3.6 pay any dividend or
distribution in cash or any other form to, on behalf of, at the direction of,
or for the benefit of, Seller;   5.3.7 waive any material right, forgive any
material debt (other than intercompany debt) or release any material claim
relating to the Business, except in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice;   25    5.3.8 accelerate or delay the
sale of services or equipment constituting the conduct of the Business or the
collection of accounts receivable of the Company in a manner that is not in
the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;   5.3.9
take any action that would cause or result in, or that would reasonably be
expected to, cause or result in (i) any of the representations or warranties
set forth in this Agreement not to be true and correct as of the Closing
Date, or (ii) the nonperformance in any material respect of Seller\'s
covenants set forth in this Agreement; or   5.3.10 agree to take any of the
actions described in Sections 5.3.1 through 5.3.9.   5.4 FURTHER
ASSURANCES. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, at
any time and from time to time, whether before or after the Closing, Seller
and the Company shall execute and deliver all instruments and documents and
take all other action that Buyer may reasonably request to consummate or to
evidence the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
provided, however, that Seller and the Company shall not be required to incur
unreasonable expense in connection with its obligation under this Section
5.4.   5.5 COOPERATION. Prior to the Closing, Seller and the Company shall
provide commercially reasonable cooperation to Buyer and shall take
all actions that are commercially reasonable and requested by Buyer to ensure
a smooth transition of the ownership of the Company from Seller to Buyer.  
5.6 SUPPLEMENTS TO SCHEDULES. If any event occurs or condition changes that
causes any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement to be
inaccurate, Seller shall notify Buyer thereof in writing. Seller
may supplement the Schedules to account for any such event or change. If
Seller gives written notice to Buyer of any proposed supplement to the
Schedules and Buyer fails to deliver a written objection to such proposed
supplement within two business days of Seller\'s notice, Buyer shall be
deemed to have consented to such proposed supplement.   5.7 NOTICE OF
BREACH. If at any time on or before the Closing Date, Seller obtains any
knowledge (whether through investigation or otherwise) of any fact, condition
or event constituting a material breach of any representation or warranty of
Seller set forth herein or any document referred to herein, then Seller shall
immediately upon obtaining such knowledge inform Buyer thereof and of such
breach. Buyer shall have two business days to waive such breach in writing or
terminate the Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1.1 below, after such
time Seller\'s notice shall be deemed to have qualified the representations
and warranties of Seller contained in Article 3 above, to have amended the
Schedules delivered pursuant hereto, and to have cured any misrepresentation
or breach of warranty that otherwise might have existed hereunder.   5.8
EXCLUSIVE DEALING. From the date hereof until the earlier of (i) the
termination of the Agreement pursuant to Article 9 hereof, or (ii)
the Closing Date, Seller and Company shall not, and the Seller and Company
shall not authorize or permit any of the officers, directors or    
26   employees of Seller, the Company or any investment banker, financial
advisor, attorney, accountant or other representative retained by Seller or
the Company to, initiate, solicit, negotiate or encourage (including by way
of furnishing information), or take any other action to facilitate or
entertain, any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or
may reasonably be expected to lead to, any proposal or offer to acquire all
or any part of the Business of the Company, or all or any part of the Shares
or other equity security of the Company, whether by merger, consolidation,
purchase of assets or capital stock, exchange offer or other similar business
combination, whether for cash, securities or any other consideration or
combination thereof (any such transaction being referred to herein as an
"Other Acquisition Transaction"), or agree to endorse or recommend any such
Other Acquisition Transaction; provided, however, that Seller and the
Company, and their directors and officers, will remain free to participate in
any discussions or negotiations regarding, furnish any information with
respect to, assist or participate in, or facilitate in any manner any effort
or attempt by any Person to do or seek any of the foregoing to the extent
their fiduciary duties may require such action. Seller shall provide Buyer
notice of any such participation or furnishing of information. It shall not
be a violation of this Section 5.8 for Seller or the Company to inform
a Person making an unsolicited offer that Seller or the Company, as the case
may be, cannot then discuss any such proposal.   ARTICLE 6  COVENANTS OF
BUYER   6.1 COOPERATION BY BUYER. From the date hereof through the Closing
Date, Buyer and Merger Sub shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take
all actions and to do all things necessary or advisable to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to cooperate with Seller
in connection with the foregoing, including using commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all of the Required Consents; provided, however, that Buyer
and Merger Sub shall not be required to incur unreasonable expense in
connection with their obligation under this Section 6.1.   6.2 FURTHER
ASSURANCES. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, at
any time and from time to time, whether before or after the Closing, Buyer
and Merger Sub shall execute and deliver all instruments and documents and
take all other action that Seller may reasonably request to consummate or to
evidence the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
provided, however, that Buyer and Merger Sub shall not be required to incur
unreasonable expense in connection with their obligation under this Section
6.2.   6.3 NOTICE OF BREACH. If at any time on or before the Closing Date,
Buyer obtains any knowledge (whether through investigation or otherwise) of
any fact, condition or event constituting a breach of any representation
or warranty of Seller set forth herein or any document referred to herein,
then Buyer shall immediately upon obtaining such knowledge inform Seller
thereof and of such breach.   6.4 INTERCOMPANY TRADE PAYABLE. Within 30
calendar days of the Closing Date, Buyer, or the Surviving Corporation, shall
pay to Seller the balance outstanding, as of the Closing Date, of the
Intercompany Trade Payable.   27    6.5 USE OF NAME. Buyer and the
Surviving Corporation each agree that, from and after the Closing Date, it
will not use in any manner whatsoever the name "ADAC" without the prior
written consent of Seller; provided, however, that, until June 30, 2001,
Buyer may state, whether in marketing materials or otherwise, that the
Company has been acquired by Buyer pursuant to the Merger and that the
Company is "formerly known as" ADAC Healthcare Information Systems, Inc.
After such period, any use of the name "ADAC" by Buyer may not be
made without the prior written consent of Seller, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld.   ARTICLE 7  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   7.1
GOVERNMENTAL MATTERS.   7.1.1 GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS. Each of Buyer, Seller,
the Company and Merger Sub shall comply with any other Laws which are
applicable to any of the transactions contemplated hereby and pursuant to
which government notification or approval of such transaction is necessary,
including without limitation any notifications or filings under the HSR Act.
Such parties shall cooperate with one another in providing any information
about the Company or the Merger Sub which is required for this purpose and in
promptly filing, separately or jointly, any applications for such government
notification or approval. Such parties shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to resolve such objections, if any, as may be asserted by any
Governmental Authority with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby.   7.1.2 NO REQUIRED DISPOSITIONS OR OTHER ADVERSE
ACTIONS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, neither Party nor their respective Affiliates shall be obligated,
in order to obtain any Permit or other approval by any Governmental Authority
that is necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, to (i)
hold, separate, sell or otherwise dispose or make reductions in the scope or
use of their respective businesses, assets or properties, (ii) materially
prejudice the benefits to be received from the transactions contemplated
hereby, or (iii) take any action or refrain from taking any action that may
have a material adverse effect on their respective business, assets, results
of operations or financial condition.   7.2 TAX INFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE.
The Parties shall provide each other with such commercially reasonable
assistance as may be requested by them in connection with the preparation of
any Tax Return, any Tax audit or other examination by any Governmental
Authority, or any judicial or administrative proceedings related to liability
for Taxes. The Parties shall retain and provide each other upon written
request with records or information which may be relevant to such
preparation, audit, examination, proceeding or determination. Such assistance
shall include making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to
provide and explain such records and information and shall include providing
copies of any relevant Tax Returns and supporting work schedules. The Party
requesting assistance hereunder shall reimburse the other for reasonable out-
of-pocket expenses incurred in providing such assistance.     28    
7.3 BOOKS AND RECORDS.   7.3.1 ACCESS. For a two year period ending on the
second anniversary of the Closing, each Party shall provide the other Party
with commercially reasonable access during normal business hours to its books
and records relating to the Company (other than books and records protected
by the attorney-client privilege) to the extent that they relate to the
condition or operation of the Business prior to the Closing and are requested
by such Party to prepare its Returns, to respond to Third Party Claims or for
any other legitimate purpose specified in writing. Each Party shall have the
right, at its own expense, to make copies of any such books and records.  
7.3.2 CONFIDENTIALITY. Each Party may take such action which it deems to be
commercially reasonable to separate or redact information unrelated to the
Business from documents and other materials requested and made available
pursuant to this Section 7.3 and may condition the other Party\'s access to
documents and other materials that it deems confidential to the execution and
delivery of an agreement by the other Party not to disclose or misuse such
information.   7.3.3 ASSISTANCE. Each Party shall, upon receipt of
a commercially reasonable request in writing and at the requesting
Party\'s expense, make personnel reasonably available to assist in locating
and obtaining any books and records relating to the Company to the extent
that they relate to the condition or operation of the Business prior to the
Closing and make personnel reasonably available whose assistance,
participation or testimony is reasonably required in anticipation of,
preparation for or the prosecution or defense of any Third Party Claim in
which the other Party does not have any adverse interest.   7.4 COVENANT
NOT TO COMPETE.   7.4.1 As a material inducement to enter into
this Agreement, Seller agrees that, for a period of five years after the
Closing Date, Seller will not, directly or indirectly, anywhere within North
America, (i) own, manage, operate or control, either directly or indirectly,
any business which is competitive with the business of radiology information
systems, laboratory information systems, image management workflow engine and
PACS (the "HCIS Business"), or divert, or attempt to divert, clients,
customers (if such customers were customers of the Company within the year
prior to the Closing Date) or accounts of Seller or the Company, or Buyer
(after the Closing Date), related to the HCIS Business; or (ii) entice,
induce or in any manner influence any person who is in the employ or service
of the Company prior to the Closing Date to become employed by Seller or any
other Person (provided, however, that the Parties acknowledge and agree that
Seller shall not be liable for a breach of this Section 7.4.1(ii) for
responses by such employees to general solicitations for employment by
Seller, or in the event such employees initiate contact with the Seller);  
7.4.2 Seller will not at any time disclose to any person, other than Buyer or
any of Buyer\'s Affiliates, or use any Trade Secrets owned, possessed,
licensed or used by or relating to the Company, whether or not such
information is embodied in writing or other physical form;    29   
7.4.3 Seller recognizes that all documents and objects containing any Trade
Secrets, whether developed by Seller or the Company or by someone else for
Seller or any of its Affiliates, will after the Closing Date become the
respective exclusive property of Buyer or any of its Affiliates, as the case
may be;   7.4.4 Because the breach or anticipated breach of the restrictive
covenant provided for in this Section 7.4 will result in immediate and
irreparable harm and injury to Buyer and its Affiliates, for which they
will not have an adequate remedy at law, Seller agrees that Buyer and its
Affiliates shall be entitled to relief in equity to temporarily and/or
permanently enjoin such breach or anticipated breach and to seek any and all
other legal and equitable remedies to which Buyer and its Affiliates may be
entitled. It is expressly understood and agreed that although Seller and
Buyer consider the restrictions contained in this Section 7.4 to be
reasonable and necessary to protect the Business in the context in which
made, if a final judicial determination is made that the time, territory,
scope or any other restriction contained in this Section 7.4 is unreasonable
or otherwise unenforceable, neither this Agreement nor the provisions of this
Section 7.4 shall be rendered void, but shall be deemed amended to apply as
to such maximum scope, time and territory and to such other extent as such
court may judicially determine or indicate to be reasonable, or if such court
does not so determine or indicate, to the maximum extent which any pertinent
statute or judicial decision may indicate to be a reasonable restriction
under the circumstances involved, and as so modified, the restrictions
contained in this Section 7.4 shall be binding and enforceable; and   7.4.5
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.4, Buyer
acknowledges and agrees that Seller shall not be in breach of this covenant
not to compete in the event that Seller, during the period set forth herein,
is acquired by a third party pursuant to a Change of Control Acquisition (as
defined below) which such third party\'s business includes HCIS Business. For
purposes of this Section 7.4.5, a "Change of Control Acquisition" shall mean
the merger or consolidation of Seller with or into another corporation or
entity, or the merger or consolidation of any other corporation or entity
with or into the Seller, pursuant to which the shareholders of Seller
immediately prior to such merger or consolidation hold less than 50% of the
voting equity securities of the surviving corporation or entity immediately
after such transaction.   7.4.6 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 7.4, no provision of this Section 7.4 shall in any
way limit Seller\'s ability to design, develop or provide, alone or in
combination with other parties, image management, workflow engines or PACS
products or solutions if sold as a feature of, enhancement to, or extension
of Seller\'s products after the Closing Date. It is understood and agreed
that Seller may provide such features, enhancements or extensions in
connection with its Nuclear Medicine, PET and Radiation Therapy products, as
well as any other clinical devices it may develop in the future (other than
related to the HCIS Business).   7.5 CARDIOLOGY SYSTEMS GROUP. Prior to the
Closing, the Company shall transfer to the Seller, or an Affiliate of Seller,
or a third party purchaser, all of the assets and liabilities of the
Cardiology Systems Group. After the Closing, Buyer and the Company shall use
all commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions and to do all things
necessary or advisable to consummate such transfer of the assets and
assumption of liabilities of the Cardiology Systems   30   Group,
including without limitation (i) working with any purchaser of such business
with respect to shared clients and customers and coordinating marketing and
billing issues, and (ii) the transfer of the Marks "CorCATT" and "CorTET"
to the third party purchaser, as well as the Copyrights identified on
SCHEDULE 3.17.6 to such purchaser. Unless required for consummation of such
transfer of the Cardiology Systems Group, Buyer and the Company shall have no
obligation to amend, or cause to be amended, any Contract, to change, or
cause to be changed, any Permit, or to make, or cause to be made, any payment
to obtain any Consent; provided, however, that Buyer and the Company shall
not be required to incur unreasonable expense. Seller shall work in good
faith to obtain a similar commitment from the purchaser of the Cardiology
Systems Group to use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions and
to do all things necessary or advisable to consummate the transfer of the
assets and assumption of liabilities of the Cardiology Systems Group to such
purchaser, including working with the Company with respect to shared clients
and customers and coordinating marketing and billing issues.   7.6 HSR ACT.
As soon as may be reasonably practicable, to the extent applicable, the
Seller, Company and Buyer each shall file, with the FTC and the Antitrust
Division of the DOJ, Notification and Report Forms relating to the
transaction contemplated herein as required by the HSR Act, as well
as comparable pre-merger notification forms required by the merger
notification or control laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction,
as agreed to by the Parties. The Buyer and Seller each shall promptly (i)
supply the others with any information which may be required in order to
effectuate such filings, and (ii) supply any additional information which
reasonably may be required by the FTC, the DOJ or the competition or merger
control authorities of any other jurisdiction and which the Parties may
reasonably deem appropriate. Any and all costs associated with such filings
shall be shared equally between Buyer and Seller.   7.7 HOUSTON LEASE. The
Parties acknowledge that in order to obtain the consent of the landlord (the
"Houston Landlord") to the assignment to the Surviving Corporation of the
lease regarding the Company\'s leased facility at Five Greenway Plaza, Suite
1900, Houston, TX (the "Houston Lease"), the Houston Landlord may require the
renegotiation of various aspects of such Lease, including the rental
payments. Prior to the Closing Date, the Parties shall discuss in good faith
whether the Houston Lease contains leased space not reasonably required by
Buyer for the ongoing operations of the Surviving Corporation after the
Closing, as well as the costs involved with decreasing the amount of space
needed by the Surviving Corporation, including but not limited to moving to
and reconfiguring the remaining space. To the extent the Houston Landlord has
demanded an increase in rent or any other costs associated with the Houston
Lease, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith to reduce the economic
impact to the Surviving Corporation of any such Landlord demand, including
considering reducing the amount of space under the Houston Lease after the
Closing Date; provided, however, that the final decision to reduce the amount
of space under the Houston Lease shall be made by Buyer based upon
its reasonably anticipated ongoing business requirements for the Company.
In addition, to the extent necessary, the Parties shall further negotiate in
good faith reasonable accommodations in order to allow Buyer to agree to
conditions imposed by the Houston Landlord as a condition of such Landlord\'s
consent to the assignment of the Houston Lease.    31    ARTICLE 8 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING   8.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BUYER\'S
OBLIGATIONS. The obligation of Buyer to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by Buyer:  
8.1.1 ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and
warranties of Seller in this Agreement that are qualified as to materiality
shall be accurate, and any such representations and warranties that are not
so qualified shall be accurate in all material respects as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and
warranties that address matters only as of a specific date, in which
case such representations and warranties qualified as to materiality shall be
true and correct, and those not so qualified shall be true and correct in
all material respects, on and as of such specific date).   8.1.2
PERFORMANCE OF COVENANTS. Seller and the Company shall have performed and
complied in all material respects with all covenants and agreements required
by this Agreement to be performed by Seller and the Company prior to or at
the Closing.   8.1.3 DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS. Seller shall have delivered to
Buyer the documents required by Section 2.2.2.   8.1.4 NO ORDER. No Order
shall be in effect forbidding or enjoining the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   8.1.5 REQUIRED CONSENTS. Seller or the
Company shall have obtained all Required Consents to the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   8.1.6 RESERVED.   8.1.7
KEY EMPLOYEES. Each Key Employee shall be employed by the Company as of the
Closing Date and, to Seller\'s Knowledge, shall not have provided the Company
or Seller with notice of his or her intention to terminate employment with
the Company after the Closing Date; provided, however, that this Section
8.1.7 shall not apply to the Chief Operating Officer of the Company.   8.1.8
TERMINATION OF GUARANTY. Seller or the Company shall have terminated the
subsidiary guaranty and all related agreements with ABN Amro and any liens
granted by the Company pursuant to such guaranty and all related agreements
shall have been released.   8.1.9 CARDIOLOGY SYSTEMS GROUP. Seller shall
have transferred the assets and liabilities of the Cardiology Systems Group
to a third party purchaser or to Seller (or any Affiliate thereof).  
8.1.10 ARTICLES AND CERTIFICATE OF MERGER. The Articles of Merger and
Certificate of Merger shall have been filed with, and accepted by, the
Secretary of State of the State of Texas and Delaware, respectively.    
32    8.1.11 SERVICES AGREEMENT. Buyer and Seller shall have negotiated in
good faith, executed and delivered a Services Agreement between such Parties
providing for, among other things, the matters set forth on SCHEDULE
8.1.11.   8.1.12 HSR ACT. All waiting periods, if any, under the HSR Act
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby shall have expired
or terminated early.   8.1.13 AUDITED BASELINE BALANCE SHEET. Seller shall
have delivered to Buyer an Audited Baseline Balance Sheet and there shall not
have been a material adverse difference between the unaudited Baseline
Balance Sheet (included as part of SCHEDULE 3.7.1) and the Audited Baseline
Balance Sheet; provided, however, that if there is such a difference and
Buyer does not waive this condition in writing, Buyer and Seller shall
negotiate in good faith to agree on an amendment to this Agreement that shall
make an appropriate adjustment to the Purchase Price.   8.2 CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO SELLER\'S OBLIGATIONS. The obligation of Seller to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in
writing by Seller.   8.2.1 ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
The representations and warranties of Buyer in this Agreement that are
qualified as to materiality shall be accurate, and any such representations
and warranties that are not so qualified shall be accurate, in all material
respects, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except
for representations and warranties that address matters only as of a specific
date, in which case such representations and warranties qualified as to
materiality shall be true and correct, and those not so qualified shall be
true and correct in all material respects, on and as of such earlier
date).   8.2.2 PERFORMANCE OF COVENANTS. Buyer shall have performed and
complied in all material respects with all covenants and agreements required
by this Agreement to be performed by Buyer prior to or at the Closing.  
8.2.3 DELIVERIES. Buyer shall have delivered to Seller the payments and
documents required by Section 2.2.3.   8.2.4 NO ORDER. No Order shall be in
effect forbidding or enjoining the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   8.2.5 338(h)(10) ELECTION. Seller shall have
received the completed Section 338(h)(10) Election from Buyer, as
contemplated under Section 2.12 above.   8.2.6 ARTICLES AND CERTIFICATE OF
MERGER. The Articles of Merger and Certificate of Merger shall have been
filed with, and accepted by, the Secretary of State of the State of Texas and
Delaware, respectively.   8.2.7 SERVICES AGREEMENT. Buyer and Seller shall
have negotiated in good faith, executed and delivered a Services Agreement
between such Parties providing for, among other things, the matters set forth
on SCHEDULE 8.1.11.    33    8.2.8 HSR ACT. All waiting periods, if
any, under the HSR Act relating to the transactions contemplated hereby shall
have expired or terminated early.   ARTICLE 9  TERMINATION PRIOR TO
CLOSING DATE   9.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated prior to
the Closing Date only as follows:   9.1.1 by either Buyer or Seller upon
written notice to the other Party if a material Breach of any provision of
this Agreement has been committed by the other Party and such breach has not
been waived in writing;   9.1.2 by the mutual written consent of the Buyer
and Seller; or   9.1.3 by either Buyer or Seller upon written notice
if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to November 30, 2000.   9.2
EFFECT OF TERMINATION. If this Agreement terminates pursuant to Section 9.1,
no Party shall have any liability or obligation to the other Party hereunder;
provided, however, that no such termination shall relieve any Party of any
liability or Damages resulting from a willful breach of this Agreement and
Buyer shall be entitled to injunctive relief, specific performance or other
equitable relief (without the posting of any bond), for any breach of this
Agreement by Seller prior to the Closing; and provided further, however, that
the provisions of Article 12, this Section 9.2 and Section 2.3 above (without
Sections 2.3.1 and 2.3.2 thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect
and survive any termination of this Agreement.   ARTICLE 10 
INDEMNIFICATION   10.1 INDEMNIFICATION BY SELLER. Subject to the other
provisions of this Article 10, from and after the Closing Date, Seller shall
indemnify and hold Buyer, the Company, their Affiliates and their respective
employees, officers, directors and agents (the "Buyer Indemnitees") harmless
from and against any and all Damages suffered by any Buyer Indemnitee arising
out of:   10.1.1 the breach of any representation or warranty made by
Seller in this Agreement or in any certificate required to be executed
and delivered by Seller, the Company or their respective officers at the
Closing pursuant to this Agreement;   10.1.2 the failure of Seller to
perform any covenant or obligation by Seller contained in this Agreement or
any other agreement required to be executed and delivered by Seller at the
Closing pursuant to this Agreement;   10.1.3 any and all Claims relating to
any Liabilities of the Company resulting from the Mandell or Evans employee
litigation (the "Current Employee Claims"), as disclosed on SCHEDULE 3.14;
and     34    10.1.4 the Cardiology Systems Group and its
operations, including the sale of Cardiology Systems Group products and
claims by any clients or customers of the Cardiology Systems Group, or any
employees primarily employed by the Cardiology Systems Group;  provided,
however, that no Buyer Indemnitees shall be entitled to any
such indemnification pursuant to this Section 10.1 until such Indemnitees
incur Damages in excess of $200,000 (the "Basket Amount") in the aggregate,
in which case the Buyer Indemnitees shall be entitled to recover all Damages,
up to the Indemnity Cap (as defined below), including the Basket Amount; and
provided further, however, that such Basket Amount shall not apply to
breaches of covenants or obligations by Seller or to Damages relating to
Sections 10.1.3 and 10.1.4.   10.2 INDEMNIFICATION BY BUYER. Subject to the
other provisions of this Article 10, from and after the Closing Date, Buyer
shall indemnify and hold Seller, its Affiliates and their respective
employees, officers, directors and agents (the "Seller Indemnitees") harmless
from and against any Damages suffered by any Seller Indemnitee arising out
of:   10.2.1 the breach of any representation or warranty made by Buyer in
this Agreement or in any certificate required to be executed and delivered by
Buyer or Merger Sub or their officers at the Closing pursuant to this
Agreement;   10.2.2 the failure of Buyer to perform any covenant
or obligation by Buyer contained in this Agreement or any other agreement
required to be executed and delivered by Buyer at the Closing pursuant to
this Agreement; and   10.2.3 any Damages resulting to Seller due to any
Claim by an Employee against the Buyer after the Closing, pursuant to which
Seller is named a party in its capacity as the former sole shareholder of the
Company, unless such Claim arises due to a breach by Seller of its
representation and warranty under Section 3.14 above;  provided, however,
that no Seller Indemnitees shall be entitled to any such indemnification
pursuant to this Section 10.2 until such Indemnitees incur Damages in excess
of the Basket Amount in the aggregate, in which case the Seller Indemnitees
shall be entitled to recover all Damages, up to the Indemnity Cap (as defined
below), including the Basket Amount; and provided further, however, that such
Basket Amount shall not apply to breaches of covenants or obligations by
Buyer.   10.3 NOTICE AND RESOLUTION OF CLAIMS.   10.3.1 NOTICE. Each
person entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 10.1 or Section 10.2
(an "Indemnitee") shall promptly give written notice to the indemnifying
Party after obtaining knowledge of any claim that it may have pursuant to
this Article 10. Such notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the claim
and the basis for indemnification.   10.3.2 RIGHT TO ASSUME DEFENSE. If such
claim for indemnity shall arise from a claim or Action involving a third
party (a "Third Party Claim"), the Indemnitee shall permit the indemnifying
Party (the "Indemnifying Party") to assume its defense. If the Indemnifying
Party assumes the defense of such Third Party Claim, it shall take all steps,
as advised by its counsel,     35   necessary to investigate, defend
or settle such Action and shall, subject to Section 10.4 below, hold the
Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all Damages caused by or arising
out of any settlement approved by the Indemnifying Party or any judgment in
connection with such Third Party Claim. Without the written consent of the
Indemnitee, the Indemnifying Party shall not consent to entry of any judgment
or enter into any settlement that does not include an unconditional and
complete release of the Indemnitee by the claimant or plaintiff making the
Third Party Claim without the imposition of any injunction or other equitable
relief against the Indemnitee. The Indemnitee may participate in such defense
or settlement through its own counsel, but at its own expense; provided,
however, that if there is an actual conflict of interest between Indemnitee
and the Indemnifying Party with respect to such Third Party Claim, which
shall be subject to the reasonable determination of the Indemnitee
and subject to the reasonable approval of the Indemnifying Party, the
Indemnitee may retain its own counsel at the Indemnifying Party\'s
expense.   10.3.3 FAILURE TO ASSUME DEFENSE. Failure by the Indemnifying
Party to notify the Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of any
Third Party Claim within 30 calendar days after its receipt of notice thereof
pursuant to Section 10.3.1 shall be deemed a waiver by the Indemnifying Party
of its right to assume the defense of such Third Party Claim. In such event,
the Indemnitee may defend against such Third Party Claim in any manner it
deems appropriate. The Indemnitee may settle such Third Party Claim, or
consent to the entry of any judgment with respect thereto, provided that
it acts in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.   10.4
SURVIVAL. Neither Party shall have any obligation to indemnify any Indemnitee
pursuant to Sections 10.1.1 or 10.2.1 for the breach of any representation or
warranty unless such Indemnitee has given written notice to such Party of
such breach in accordance with Section 10.3.1 prior to the expiration of two
years after the Closing Date, in the case of all representations and
warranties except:   (i) those representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3.15 in respect of which such notice must be given prior to the fifth
anniversary of the Closing Date;   (ii) those representations and warranties
set forth in Section 3.4, Section 3.5 or Section 4.2 which shall
survive indefinitely; and   (iii) those representations and warranties
set forth in Sections 3.19 and 3.20 which shall survive until the expiration
of the statutory limitation periods pertaining to the respective events which
may constitute a breach of such representations and warranties.   10.5
MAXIMUM PAYMENTS; EXCLUSIVE REMEDY. The maximum obligation for Damages by
either Party pursuant to this Article 10 shall not exceed $4,000,000 (the
"Indemnity Cap"); provided, however, that the Indemnity Cap shall not apply
to Damages incurred by the Buyer (i) related to the Current Employee Claims,
(ii) pursuant to Section 10.1.4 above, and (iii) due to Seller\'s breaches of
its representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.15 and 3.20. In
addition, the rights of the Parties under this Article 10 shall be the
exclusive remedy for breaches of representations and warranties or breaches
of covenants of the Parties under this Agreement, or, in the case of the
Buyer only, for Damages resulting to the Buyer or the Company under
Sections 10.1.3 or 10.1.4 above, except for (i) any such breaches resulting
due to     36   fraud by a Party, or (ii) in the case of Buyer only,
Buyer\'s ability to seek specific performance, or other equitable relief, due
to any breaches by Seller of its covenants and obligations pursuant to
Sections 5.8, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 and Article 11. Any obligation under this
Article 10 of Seller to Buyer or the Company may be offset against the
Buyer\'s payment obligations under Sections 2.10.2 or 2.10.3.   10.6 OTHER
INDEMNITEES. Buyer shall cause Buyer Indemnitees, and Seller shall cause
Seller Indemnitees, to comply with the provisions and to abide by the
limitations set forth in this Article 10.   ARTICLE 11  EMPLOYEE
MATTERS   11.1 RESERVED.   11.2 CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER. Prior to the
Closing Date, Buyer shall decide whether or not it desires to employ the
Chief Operating Officer of the Company. If Buyer determines it wishes to
employ such Officer, it shall make an offer to such Officer which such offer,
by its terms, shall require acceptance prior to the Closing Date. If such
Officer accepts Buyer\'s offer of employment as of the Closing Date, Buyer
shall thereafter be responsible for all benefits, severance and other
customary employee payment obligations for such Officer. If Buyer determines
not to employ the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, or such Officer
does not accept Buyer\'s offer of employment prior to the Closing Date, Buyer
shall provide Seller with written notice to such effect and Seller shall be
responsible for all benefits, severance and other customary employee payment
obligations for such Officer; provided, however, that Seller shall make such
Officer reasonably available to Buyer and the Company (if such Officer
remains employed by Seller) on a part-time basis, not to exceed 50% of such
Officer\'s time, for a period not to exceed 90 calendar days after
the Closing Date. Buyer shall reimburse Seller for such Officer\'s time (as
to be provided in the Services Agreement).   11.3 STOCK OPTIONS. As soon as
practicable after the date of this Agreement, Seller shall provide notice to
the option holders under the Company Option Plan that Buyer will not be
assuming the options outstanding under such Plan. In the event that any
optionee exercises its option (as such optionee shall have the ability to do
for the requisite period under the Company Option Plan or otherwise) to
purchase Common Stock of the Company, the Parties agree that they shall amend
this Agreement as necessary to provide that such optionees are entitled to
receive their pro rata portion of the Purchase Price, as well as any other
required amendments pursuant thereto.   11.4 CONTINUED COVERAGE UNDER PLANS.
From and after the Closing Date, Buyer shall be responsible for all payroll
services for Employees. Seller shall make arrangements for prompt payment of
any payroll or other benefits to Employees due as of the Closing Date. Seller
shall not be responsible for any such payments after the Closing Date. In
addition, Seller will facilitate the transition of the Employees to COBRA
insurance coverage as of the Closing Date and Buyer shall pay to Seller on
behalf of all Employees the cost of such COBRA coverage. Buyer agrees to
transition any Employees to Buyer\'s health plans no later than January 1,
2001. Seller shall not be responsible for any other employee benefits or
plans as of the Closing Date;    37   provided, however, that Seller
shall use its best efforts to facilitate the transfer of any such employee
benefits or plans of the Company to Buyer after the Closing Date. In
addition, Buyer shall assume the accrued vacation liability of the Employees
as of the Closing Date and Seller shall have no responsibility for such
accrued vacation liability thereafter.   ARTICLE 12  MISCELLANEOUS   12.1
SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement as applied to any party or
to any circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable by any
court of competent jurisdiction, (i) the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain
in full force and effect, and (ii) the application of such provision to any
other part or to any other circumstance shall not be affected or impaired
thereby.   12.2 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. The terms and conditions of
this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the
successors, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, and permitted
assigns of the parties; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor
any of the rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned by any party
without the prior written consent of the other party. Any assignment in
violation of this Section 12.2 shall be null and void.   12.3 COUNTERPARTS.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original and all of which, when
taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement.   12.4
HEADINGS. The captions and headings used in this Agreement are inserted for
convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement
or to affect the construction or interpretation hereof.   12.5 WAIVER. Any
of the terms or conditions of this Agreement may be waived in writing at any
time by the party which is entitled to the benefits thereof. Neither the
failure nor any delay by any party in exercising any right, power or
privilege under this Agreement, or the documents referred to in
this Agreement, will operate as a waiver of such right, power or privilege,
and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege will
preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power or privilege or
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.   12.6 NO THIRD-PARTY
BENEFICIARIES. Nothing in this Agreement shall create or confer upon any
Person (including but not limited to any Employees), other than the parties
or their respective successors and permitted assigns, any legal or equitable
rights, remedies, obligations, liabilities or claims under or with respect to
this Agreement, except as expressly provided herein.   12.7 NOTICES. Unless
otherwise provided, all notices and other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed duly given (i) on the date of delivery if
delivered personally, or by telecopy or telefacsimile, upon confirmation of
receipt, in each case, if on a Business Day, and otherwise on the next
Business Day, (ii) on the fifth Business Day following the date of mailing if
delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, or (iii) the second Business Day if delivered by nationally
recognized overnight     38   courier. All notices hereunder shall be
delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may
be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:   If to
Seller or the Company (prior to Closing):   ADAC Laboratories  540 Alder
Drive  Milpitas, CA 95035  Attention: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Telephone: (408) 321-9100  Facsimile: (408) 321-9686   with a copy to:  
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati  650 Page Mill Road  Palo Alto, CA 94304 
Attention: Page Mailliard, Esq.  Telephone: (650) 493-9300  Facsimile: (650)
493-6811   If to Buyer, Merger Sub or the Company (after the Closing):  
Cerner Corporation  2800 Rockcreek Parkway  Kansas City, Missouri 64117 
Attention: President  Telephone: (816) 221-1024  Facsimile: (816)
474-1742   with copies to:   Cerner Corporation  2800 Rockcreek Parkway 
Kansas City, Missouri 64117  Attention: General Counsel  Telephone: (816)
201-2556  Facsimile: (816) 201-8556   Stinson, Mag and Fizzell, P.C.  1201
Walnut Street, Suite 2800  Kansas City, MO 64106  Attention: Craig L.
Evans  Telephone: (816) 842-8600  Facsimile: (816) 691-3495     39   
12.8 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made
and to be performed wholly within such jurisdiction, without regard to
conflicts of law principles.   12.9 INTERPRETATION.   12.9.1 Unless
specifically stated otherwise, references to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and
Schedules refer to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules in this
Agreement. References to "includes" and "including" mean "includes without
limitation" and "including without limitation."   12.9.2 No provision of
this Agreement shall be interpreted in favor of, or against, either of the
parties by reason of the extent to which either such party or its counsel
participated in the drafting thereof or by reason of the extent to which any
such provision is inconsistent with any prior draft hereof or thereof.  
12.10 PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. Seller and Buyer shall agree on the terms of any
press releases or other public announcements related to this Agreement and
shall consult with each other before issuing any press releases or other
public announcements related to this Agreement. In addition, the
parties agree to consult with, and provide commercially reasonable
cooperation to, each other with respect to the form and content of any
communication to Employees, customers, suppliers and others having dealings
with the Company concerning this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby through the Closing Date.   12.11 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement,
together with the Schedules and Exhibits hereto, constitutes the sole
understanding of the parties with respect to the matters contemplated hereby
and thereby and supersedes and renders null and void all prior agreements and
understandings, written and oral, between the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof. No party shall be liable or bound to any
other party in any manner by any promises, conditions, representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements and understandings, except as specifically
set forth herein or therein.   12.12 AMENDMENT. No amendment, modification
or alteration of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, including any
Schedules and Exhibits, shall be binding unless the same shall be in writing
and duly executed by the party against whom such amendment, modification or
alteration is sought to be enforced.   12.13 CONFIDENTIALITY. The parties
acknowledge that the Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement dated
October 4, 2000 remains in full force and effect and shall continue in full
force and effect upon any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 9
above.    40    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date set forth above.   CERNER
CORPORATION    By:  -------------------------------  Name: 
--------------------  Title:  -------------------    CERNER RIS
ACQUISITION CORPORATION   By:  -------------------------------  Name: 
--------------------  Title:  -------------------   ADAC LABORATORIES  
By:  -------------------------------  Name:  -------------------- 
Title:  -------------------   ADAC HEALTHCARE INFORMATION  SYSTEMS,
INC.   By:  -------------------------------  Name: 
--------------------  Title:  -------------------     EXHIBITS  
EXHIBIT A(1) Articles of Merger   EXHIBIT A(2) Agreement of Merger  
EXHIBIT B(1) Secretary\'s Certificate of Seller   EXHIBIT B(2) Secretary\'s
Certificate of the Company   EXHIBIT B(3) Secretary\'s Certificate of
Buyer   EXHIBIT B(4) Secretary\'s Certificate of Merger Sub   EXHIBIT C(1)
Officer\'s Certificate of Seller   EXHIBIT C(2) Officer\'s Certificate of
Buyer   EXHIBIT D(1) Form of Opinion of Counsel to Seller   EXHIBIT D(2)
Form of Opinion of Counsel to Buyer    '

