<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>asset.txt
<TEXT>

                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT


THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Asset Purchase Agreement" or "Agreement") is
made and entered into  effective  this ___ day of December,  2002,  by and among
Acadian Life Insurance Company, a Louisiana insurance corporation ("ALIC"),  and
Acadian Financial Group,  Inc., a Louisiana  corporation ("AFG" and collectively
with ALIC referred to as "Seller") and Security National Life Insurance Company,
a Utah insurance  corporation  ("Security  National Life") and Security National
Financial Corporation,  a Utah corporation ("Security National" and collectively
with Security National Life referred to as "Buyer").

                                   WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS,  Buyer and  Seller  have  entered  into a  Coinsurance  Agreement  (the
"Coinsurance  Agreement"),  pursuant  to which  Seller  and Buyer  will agree to
reinsure all of the assumed  liabilities  relating only to policies with certain
reinsured policies as defined in the Coinsurance Agreement; and

WHEREAS, upon approval of Coinsurance Agreement by the Louisiana and Mississippi
Insurance  Departments,  certain insurance  business and operations of Seller as
set forth herein will be transferred to Buyer; and

WHEREAS, in connection with this Agreement, Seller desires to sell to Buyer, and
Buyer desires to purchase from Seller certain tangible and intangible  assets as
described below (the "Assets") of Seller, as set forth in more detail below; and

WHEREAS,  Buyer further agrees to assume certain  obligations of Seller,  as set
forth in more detail below;

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual and reciprocal  covenants and
agreements hereinafter contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and  sufficiency  of which is hereby  acknowledged  by all  parties,
Seller and Buyer hereby agree as follows:

     1.   Purchase of Computer Hardware.  The parties acknowledge that Seller is
          in the  possession  of  computer  hardware  listed  and  described  on
          Schedule A attached hereto and  incorporated  herein by reference (the
          "Computer  Hardware").  For a period  of  sixty  (60)  days  following
          Closing,  Buyer  shall have the right to  purchase  all or part of the
          Computer  Hardware for a price not to exceed $13,000.  If Buyer elects
          to  purchase  all  or  part  of the  Computer  Hardware,  then  at the
          completion of said purchase, Seller shall transfer and convey to Buyer
          all of  Seller's  right,  title and  interest  in and to the  Computer
          Hardware purchased by Buyer. Buyer hereby acknowledges that all of the
          Computer  Hardware is purchase in "as is"  condition  and that none of
          the Computer Hardware is under manufacturer or other warranty,  except
          as  specifically  described  on Schedule A. At the Closing of any such
          Computer  Hardware  purchase,  Seller shall deliver to Buyer a Bill of
          Sale, without warranty, and Buyer shall deliver to Seller the Purchase
          price set forth in Section 5, below. 1.

     2.   Purchase of Computer Software.

     2.1  Licensed Software. The parties acknowledge that Seller currently holds
          a license from  International  Business  Machines  ("IBM") for certain
          software  utilized  in the  maintenance  of  Seller's  general  ledger
          accounting records,  for use on Seller's AS400 computer (the "Licensed
          Software").  At Closing, Seller shall assign and transfer to Buyer and
          Buyer shall assume from Seller, all of Seller's rights and obligations
          in and to the Licensed Software.

     2.2  Owned  Software.  The  parties  acknowledge  that,  in addition to the
          Licensed Software, Seller is also in the possession of other software,
          developed by employees or  contractors  of either Gulf  National  Life
          Insurance  Company or Seller and utilized by Seller in accounting  for
          premiums received,  reserve computations,  and for other purposes (the
          "Owned Software").  For a period of sixty (60) days following Closing,
          Buyer  shall  have the  right  to  purchase  all or part of the  Owned
          Software  for a price  not to  exceed  $75,000.  If  Buyer  elects  to
          purchase all or part of the Owned Software,  then at the completion of
          said  purchase,  Seller  shall  transfer  and  assign  to Buyer all of
          Seller's  right,  title  and  interest  in and to the  Owned  Software
          purchased by Buyer. Buyer hereby acknowledges that such transfer shall
          be without any warranty, including, but not limited to any warranty of
          fitness for a particular purpose.

     2.3  Transfer of Software Rights. At Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer
          an Assignment of all rights of Seller in and to the Licensed  Software
          and the Owned Software,  without warranty,  and Buyer shall deliver to
          Seller the purchase price set forth in Section 5, below.

     3.   Purchase of Furniture and Equipment. At Closing, Seller shall transfer
          and  convey to Buyer,  and  Buyer  shall  purchase  from  Seller,  all
          furniture,  equipment and other personal property listed and described
          on Schedule B attached  hereto and  incorporated  herein by  reference
          (the "Furniture and Equipment").  At Closing,  Seller shall deliver to
          Buyer a Bill of Sale,  without  warranty,  and Buyer shall  deliver to
          Seller  the  purchase  price  set forth in  Section  5,  below.  Buyer
          acknowledges that the Furniture and Equipment are purchased in "as is"
          condition.

     4.   Purchase of Name. The parties  acknowledge that Seller is an insurance
          corporation  organized  and  existing  under  the laws of the State of
          Louisiana, and that Seller uses the name "Gulf National Life Insurance
          Company." Except as set forth in Schedule C attached hereto,  promptly
          following  Closing,  Seller shall  assign and  transfer to Buyer,  and
          Buyer shall purchase and acquire from Seller,  all of Seller's  right,
          title and interest in the name "Gulf National Life Insurance Company,"
          including the right to use the words "Gulf  National Life" alone or as
          a part of any other trade name, as well as the logo "GNL." At Closing,
          Seller shall deliver to Buyer an Assignment of Seller's  rights in the
          name "Gulf National Life Insurance  Company,"  without  warranty,  and
          Buyer shall deliver to Seller the purchase  price set forth in Section
          5, below. This paragraph shall not prevent the continued use by Seller
          following the Closing of the name Gulf National  Benefits  Association
          and its  marketing and  collection  agent,  Gulf National  Mississippi
          Benefits,  LLC,  which  Seller  represents  and  warrants  will not be
          offering any funeral insurance products. 1.

     5.   Purchase  Price.  The purchase  price for the Computer  Hardware,  the
          Licensed  Software,  the Owned Software,  the Furniture and Equipment,
          and the name,  shall be as set forth  below,  and shall be  payable in
          cash at Closing:

                Computer Hardware                       $13,000.00
                Licensed Software                       $    10.00
                Owned Software                          $75,000.00
                       (Unamortized cost)
                Furniture and Equipment                 $    10.00
                Name                                    $   100.00

     6.   Sublease of Real  Property.  At Closing Seller shall sublease to Buyer
          or an affiliate of Buyer,  and Buyer or an  affiliate  shall  sublease
          from Seller,  that certain real property  located at 6522 Dogwood View
          Parkway,  Jackson,   Mississippi  (the  "Real  Property"),   currently
          subleased  by  Seller  from  Underwood  Investment  Company,  GP,  for
          Lakeover  Partnership,  LP pursuant to the terms of that certain Lease
          entered into on or about August 26, 1998 (the  "Lease").  The duration
          of the term of the  sublease  to be entered  into  between  Seller and
          Buyer (or Buyer's  affiliate) shall be identical to the remaining term
          of the Lease,  as  amended  by that  certain  letter  agreement  dated
          April 2, 2001. Such sublease shall provide for the assumption by Buyer
          of all  obligations of Seller under the terms of the Lease,  and shall
          vest in Buyer all rights of Seller in and to the use and possession of
          the Real Property.

     7.   Assignment and Assumption of Certain Agreements and Arrangements.

     7.1  Mortimer Agency Agreement.  The parties acknowledge that Gulf National
          Life Insurance  Company and Robert B. Mortimer  entered into an Agency
          Agreement  on  or  about  August  26,  1997  (the   "Mortimer   Agency
          Agreement"),  a true and correct  copy of which is attached  hereto as
          Schedule D and  incorporated  herein by  reference.  On June 15, 2001,
          Gulf National Life Insurance Company assigned all of its right,  title
          and interest in and to the  Mortimer  Agency  Agreement to Seller.  At
          Closing,  Seller shall  assign and transfer to Buyer,  and Buyer shall
          assume from Seller,  all of Seller's right,  title and interest in and
          to the Mortimer Agency Agreement,  and Seller shall designate Buyer as
          the  successor  to Seller  pursuant to the terms of Paragraph 7 of the
          Mortimer Agency Agreement.

     7.2  Agreements with Willis N. Puckett, II.

          (a)  Puckett Non-Compete Agreement.  The parties acknowledge that Gulf
               National Life Insurance Company and Willis N. Puckett, II entered
               into an  Agreement  Not to Compete on or about  January  30, 1998
               (the "Puckett Non-Compete Agreement"), a true and correct copy of
               which is attached hereto as Schedule E and incorporated herein by
               reference. On June 15, 2001, Gulf National Life Insurance Company
               assigned  all of its rights  and  obligations  under the  Puckett
               Non-Compete Agreement to Seller. At Closing,  Seller shall assign
               to Security  National  Life,  and  Security  National  Life shall
               assume from Seller,  all of Seller's rights and obligations under
               the Puckett Non-Compete Agreement.  Pursuant to the provisions of
               Paragraph 6(d) of the Puckett Non-Compete Agreement, Buyer hereby
               specifically  agrees  to be  bound  by all of  the  terms  of the
               Puckett  Non-Compete  Agreement,  from  and  after  the  date  of
               Closing.

          (b)  Puckett Stock Purchase  Agreement.  The parties  acknowledge that
               Gulf National Life  Insurance  Company and Willis N. Puckett,  II
               entered into an Agreement to Purchase Corporate Stock on or about
               January 30, 1998 (the "Puckett Stock Purchase Agreement"), a true
               and  correct  copy  which is  attached  hereto as  Schedule F and
               incorporated herein by reference. At Closing, Seller shall assign
               to Buyer,  and Buyer shall assume Seller's rights and obligations
               pursuant to the Puckett Stock Purchase Agreement,  including, but
               not limited  to,  Seller's  obligations  to maintain an office in
               Columbus,  Mississippi  on the terms and  conditions  and for the
               period of time set forth in the Puckett Stock Purchase Agreement.

7.3  Pearce Agreements.

          (a)  Pearce  Agency  Agreement.  The  parties  acknowledge  that  Gulf
               National  Life  Insurance  Company and Charlotte  Pearce,  et al.
               entered  into an Agency  Agreement on or about  November 5,  1998
               (the "Pearce Agency Agreement"), a true and correct copy of which
               is  attached  hereto as  Schedule  G and  incorporated  herein by
               reference. At Closing, Seller shall assign and transfer to Buyer,
               and Buyer shall assume from Seller,  all of Seller's right, title
               and interest in and to the Pearce  Agency  Agreement,  and Seller
               shall  designate Buyer as the successor to Seller pursuant to the
               terms of Paragraph 7 of the Pearce Agency Agreement.

          (b)  Pearce Non-Compete Agreement. The parties acknowledge that Seller
               and John E. Pearce and Charlotte Pearce entered into an Agreement
               Not  to  Compete  on or  about  November  5,  1998  (the  "Pearce
               Non-Compete  Agreement"),  a true  and  correct  copy of which is
               attached  hereto  as  Schedule  H  and  incorporated   herein  by
               reference. On June 15, 2001, Gulf National Life Insurance Company
               assigned  all of its  rights  and  obligations  under the  Pearce
               Non-Compete Agreement to Seller. At Closing,  Seller shall assign
               to Buyer,  and Buyer shall  assume from  Seller,  all of Seller's
               rights and obligations  under the Pearce  Non-Compete  Agreement.
               Pursuant  to the  provisions  of  Paragraph  6(d)  of the  Pearce
               Non-Compete  Agreement,  Buyer hereby  specifically  agrees to be
               bound by all of the terms of the  Pearce  Non-Compete  Agreement,
               from and after the date of Closing.

          (c)  Pearce Trust Rollover  Agreement.  The parties  acknowledge  that
               Seller and John E. Pearce,  Colonial Chapel,  Inc. and Brookhaven
               Funeral Home,  Inc.  entered into an Agreement to Purchase  Group
               Master Insurance Policies and to Establish Agency Relationship on
               or  about   October  26,  1998  (the   "Pearce   Trust   Rollover
               Agreement").  On June 15,  2001,  Gulf  National  Life  Insurance
               Company  assigned  all of its  rights and  obligations  under the
               Pearce Trust  Rollover  Agreement to Seller.  At Closing,  Seller
               shall assign to Buyer,  and Buyer shall assume from Seller all of
               Seller's rights and  obligations  under the Pearce Trust Rollover
               Agreement, including, but not limited to, Seller's obligations to
               maintain trust funds in a banking institution selected by John E.
               Pearce or his  corporate  affiliates,  pursuant to Paragraph 2 of
               the Pearce Trust Rollover Agreement.

7.4  Billing  Arrangements  with Certain Funeral Homes. The parties  acknowledge
     that Seller currently  performs certain billing functions for and on behalf
     of Hulett-Winstead Funeral Home, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, Memory Chapel
     Funeral Home in Laurel,  Mississippi  and Randy Rowell  Agency in Columbia,
     Mississippi,  on a  monthly  basis,  at  no  charge.  The  parties  further
     acknowledge  that no written  agreements  are in existence  with respect to
     these billing services  performed by Seller.  Buyer agrees,  from and after
     the date of Closing, to continue performing such services for and on behalf
     of  Hulett-Winstead  Funeral  Home,  Memory  Chapel  Funeral Home and Randy
     Rowell  Agency,  for so long as each such entity remains an agent of Buyer,
     with respect to the sales of any insurance product.

7.5  Funeral  Home Trust Agency  Agreement.  The parties  acknowledge  that Gulf
     National Life Insurance Company has entered into Agency Agreements with (a)
     Deposit Guaranty National Bank, now known as AmSouth Bank, on or about July
     23, 1991;  (b) Peoples Bank of Biloxi,  on or about  January 29, 1990;  (c)
     Trustmark  National  Bank, on or about  November 27, 1989;  and The Peoples
     Bank of Biloxi,  on or about December 21, 1998  (collectively  the "Funeral
     Home  Trust Fund  Agency  Agreements"),  as  amended by certain  Addenda to
     Agency  Agreements  entered into or to be entered  into between  Seller and
     each such bank, true and correct copies of all of which are attached hereto
     as composite Schedule I and incorporated  herein by reference.  On June 15,
     2001, Gulf National Life Insurance Company  transferred all of its interest
     in the Funeral  Home Trust Fund Agency  Agreements  to Seller.  Among other
     provisions,  each Agency  Agreement  provides that the respective bank will
     invest  certain  trust assets  received  from funeral  homes in policies of
     insurance  issued  by  Seller;  that  Seller  will  issue  policies  and/or
     annuities to such bank;  and that all policies  issued by Seller shall earn
     at least a guaranteed  rate of interest of at least 4%. At Closing,  Seller
     shall assign and transfer to Buyer, and Buyer shall assume from Seller, all
     of Seller's right, title and interest in and to the Funeral Home Trust Fund
     Agency  Agreement,  and Buyer  shall  assume  from  Seller all of  Seller's
     obligations thereunder.

7.6  Capital Mutual Insurance  Company  ("CMIC").  Buyer  acknowledges that Gulf
     National Life  Insurance  Company  consummated  an  assumption  reinsurance
     transaction  with  CMIC,  effective  January  1,  2001,  pursuant  to which
     transaction Gulf National Life Insurance  Company paid to CMIC a ceding fee
     of $143,500 (the "CMIC Ceding Fee").  Seller  represents that the insurance
     business  of CMIC is  included  within  the  insurance  business  of Seller
     transferred to Buyer under the Coinsurance Agreement.

7.7  Indemnification.  Seller shall  indemnify and hold Buyer  harmless from and
     against any and all  claims,  liabilities,  damages and demands  (including
     expenses  and  reasonably  attorney's  fees)  resulting  from any breach by
     Seller of any of its obligations under any of the agreements  referenced to
     in this  Section 7,  occurring  or arising  prior to  Closing.  Buyer shall
     likewise  indemnify  and hold Seller  harmless from and against any and all
     claims, liabilities, damages and demands (including expenses and reasonable
     attorney's  fees)  resulting  from  any  breach  by  Buyer  of  any  of its
     obligations  under any of the  agreements  referred  to in this  Section 7,
     occurring or arising from and after the  Closing,  all of which  agreements
     are hereby specifically assumed by Buyer.

8.   Agreement Not to Compete. For a period of five (5) years from and after the
     date of  Closing,  Seller  agrees  that it shall  not,  within the State of
     Mississippi,  (i) engage,  either  directly or  indirectly,  in the sale of
     industrial life insurance,  other funeral  insurance,  pre-need  contracts,
     ordinary life  insurance,  life  insurance  trusts,  credit life and credit
     accident and health insurance, property and casualty insurance,  annuities,
     or any  similar or related  products  or  services  for or on behalf of any
     company  or other  entity,  other than  Buyer,  without  the prior  written
     consent of Buyer; or (ii) own or otherwise  participate  financially in any
     business,  firm,  partnership,  corporation or other entity,  whether as an
     employee, officer, director, agent, security holder, creditor,  consultant,
     or  otherwise,  that  sells or  underwrites,  or  issues  any  policies  of
     industrial life insurance,  other funeral  insurance,  pre-need  contracts,
     ordinary life  insurance,  life  insurance  trusts,  credit life and credit
     accident and health insurance, property and casualty insurance,  annuities,
     or any other  similar or related  products or  services,  or engages in any
     activity  relating  in any  way to the  issuance,  sales  or  servicing  of
     insurance  policies,  without  the prior  written  consent  of Buyer.  This
     Agreement  shall not be deemed to  prohibit  Seller from  investing  in any
     entity in which Seller holds less than 5% of the equity ownership  thereof.
     Additionally,  at  Closing,  Seller  agrees to  deliver  to Buyer  separate
     covenants  not to  compete,  on the same  terms as set  forth  hereinabove,
     executed by Jeremiah J.  O'Keef,  Sr.,  Susan  O'Keefe  Snyder,  Jeffrey H.
     O'Keefe,  Kathryn O'Keefe Kaye, and Virginia O'Keefe.  This paragraph shall
     not  prevent  Seller  from  continuing  its  "Funds  in a Flash"  insurance
     factoring program in the state of Mississippi.

9.   Representations.  Warranties  and  Agreements  of Seller  and  Shareholder.
     Seller represents, warrants and agrees, as of the date hereof, that:

9.1  Organization  and Good Standing.  Seller is a corporation  duly  organized,
     validly  existing  and in good  standing  under  the  laws of the  State of
     Louisiana,  with full corporate power and authority to conduct its business
     as such business is now being  conducted,  and has all requisite  corporate
     power  and  authority  to  execute  and  perform  this  Agreement  and  the
     transactions contemplated hereby. Seller is qualified to do business in all
     states where the failure to be so qualified  would have a material  adverse
     effect on the Assets.

9.2  No Violation:  No Consents.  Seller has taken or will take prior to Closing
     all necessary or  appropriate  action to enable it to enter into,  execute,
     deliver  and  perform  this  Agreement  and the  transactions  contemplated
     hereby.  The  execution  and the  performance  of this  Agreement,  and the
     consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby, will not violate any
     provision of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Seller,  or, to the
     best  knowledge  of Seller,  violate or result in the breach of any term or
     provision of or  constitute a default or  accelerate  maturities  under any
     loan or any other similar agreement, instrument,  indenture, mortgage, deed
     of trust,  or other  restriction to which Seller is a party or by which any
     of Seller's property is bound.

9.3  Validity of Agreement.  This  Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated
     hereby have been, or shall have been prior to Closing,  duly authorized and
     approved by the Board of Directors and the shareholders of Seller, and this
     Agreement  has been duly executed and delivered by Seller and is the legal,
     valid and binding obligation,  enforceable in accordance with its terms, of
     Seller.  No other proceedings are necessary to authorize this Agreement and
     the transactions  contemplated  hereby, or the performance or compliance by
     Seller with any of the terms, provisions or conditions hereof.

9.4  Assets.  (a)  Seller  has good  and  marketable  title  to all the  Assets,
     including the Computer  Hardware,  Licensed Software,  Owned Software,  and
     Furniture and Equipment. All personal property is in good working order and
     operating condition and is free and clear of all liens, security interests,
     mortgages, deeds of trust, pledges,  conditional sales contracts,  charges,
     leases, claims, administrative orders or decrees or encumbrances whatsoever
     (except as disclosed in Schedule 9.4(A)).  To the best knowledge of Seller,
     all the Assets are in compliance with all applicable laws and  governmental
     regulations.  All of the  Assets  are in the  possession  of  Seller or its
     customers  and, if in the  possession  of  customers,  are held pursuant to
     binding  agreements  (whether  written or oral)  obligating the customer to
     return or reimburse Seller for such property.

          (b)  All real property  owned by,  leased to or otherwise  occupied by
               Seller  for  use  in  the  conduct  of the  business  (the  "Real
               Property") is listed on Schedule 9.4(B). To the best knowledge of
               Seller,  the present  use of each  parcel of Real  Property is in
               compliance  with all applicable  zoning  ordinances (or variances
               therefrom) and other applicable government regulations, and there
               does not exist any  notice of any  uncorrected  violation  of any
               housing,  building, safety, fire or other ordinance or applicable
               governmental  regulation.  Except for assessments not yet due and
               payable,  Seller is not liable for any unpaid assessments for any
               public  improvements,  whether  as  owner or  lessee  of any Real
               Property, nor has Seller received any notice from any appropriate
               governmental   authority   of   intention   to  make  any  public
               improvement  for which  Seller  may be  assessed  directly  or by
               reason of a leasehold interest or otherwise. The Real Property is
               free and clear of all liens and free and clear of all  easements,
               restrictions,  building encroachments and other matters disclosed
               by an  accurate  survey  of  the  premises,  which  would  have a
               material adverse effect on the value of any of such properties or
               the use of any such  property in the manner that it is  currently
               being used. All leases for any of the Real Property  subject to a
               lease (the "Real Property Leases") are listed in Schedule 9.4(C).
               No underground  tanks  currently or formerly used for the storage
               of any gas or petroleum products are present at the Real Property
               and if any such tanks previously  existed and were removed,  they
               were removed in accordance with applicable law.

9.5  Inventories.  All inventories of Seller are useable in the ordinary course,
     have been  recorded  in amounts  not in excess of the lower of cost paid by
     Seller  for  such  items  or the  market  value  thereof,  and are good and
     merchantable  and  readily  saleable  in the  ordinary  course of  Seller's
     business.

9.6  Taxes.  Within the times and in the manner  prescribed  by law,  Seller has
     filed all federal,  state and local tax returns and reports required by law
     to have  been  filed  by it,  and has  paid  all  taxes,  assessments,  and
     penalties  due and payable by it. There are no federal,  state or local tax
     liens (other than a lien for property taxes not delinquent)  against any of
     the Assets,  nor are there any overdue  federal,  state or local taxes with
     respect to any of the Assets.  At Closing,  all taxes and other assessments
     and levies  which  Seller is required by law to withhold or collect,  shall
     have been duly withheld and collected, and if due, shall be paid over to or
     deposited with the proper governmental authorities.

9.7  Litigation.  Except as disclosed in Schedule  9.7,  neither  Seller nor any
     employees  or officers  of Seller is a party to any  pending or  threatened
     litigation  or  administrative  investigation  or  proceedings  which would
     materially and adversely  affect the Assets,  nor, to the best knowledge of
     Seller,  is there any basis therefor.  To the best knowledge of Seller,  no
     complaints or charges of unlawful  conduct have been made against Seller or
     any  employees  or officers of Seller that relate in any way to the Assets.
     Buyer  is not  assuming  any  liability  with  respect  to any  pending  or
     threatened litigation or administrative investigation or proceeding or with
     respect to any such complaints or charges of unlawful conduct.

9.8  Compliance  with Laws. To the best  knowledge of Seller,  the Assets are in
     compliance  in  all  material   respects  with  all   judgments,   decrees,
     injunctions,  orders, writs, rulings,  laws, ordinances,  statutes,  rules,
     regulations  and  other  requirements  of  all  federal,  state  and  local
     governmental,  administrative  and  judicial  bodies and  authorities  (the
     "Legal   Requirements").   Seller  has  not  received  any  notice  of  any
     uncorrected  violation of any such Legal  Requirements.  All Real Property,
     and the use and occupancy thereof, are, to the best knowledge of Seller, in
     compliance  with all  Legal  Requirements  and all  applicable  leases  and
     insurance requirements.  The Real Property has not been used by Seller, any
     third party acting at the request or direction of Seller (a "Directed Third
     Party") nor, to the best  knowledge of Seller,  any other third party,  for
     the generation, manufacture, storage or disposal of, and there has not been
     transported  to or from the Real  Property by Seller,  any  Directed  Third
     Party or, to the best  knowledge  of Seller,  any other  third  party,  any
     Hazardous  Substances or Wastes (as those terms are hereinafter defined) in
     violation of any Legal Requirements;  there are no Hazardous  Substances or
     Wastes  present on the Real Property  except in  compliance  with all Legal
     Requirements;  there has been no use of the Real  Property  by Seller,  any
     Directed Third Party or, to the best  knowledge of Seller,  any other third
     party,  that may,  under  any  federal,  state or local law or  regulation,
     require any closure or cessation of the use of the Real  Property or impose
     upon Seller, its successors or assigns any monetary obligations; Seller has
     not been identified by any governmental agency or individual in any pending
     or  threatened  action,  litigation,   proceeding  or  investigation  as  a
     responsible  party or potentially  responsible  party for any liability for
     disposal or  releases of any  Hazardous  Substances  or Wastes,  no lien or
     superlien has been recorded, asserted or , to the best knowledge of Seller,
     threatened  against the Real Property for any liability in connection  with
     any environmental  contamination;  the Real Property has not been listed on
     either the National  Priorities  List,  as defined in CERCLA,  or any state
     listing of hazardous sites; and the Real Property is in compliance with all
     environmental laws. For the purposes hereof,  "Hazardous  Substances" shall
     mean  any  flammables,   explosives,   radioactive   materials,   asbestos,
     ureaformaldehyde,  hazardous wastes, toxic substances or any other elements
     or  compounds  designated  as  a  "hazardous  substance",   "pollutant"  or
     "contaminant" in the  environmental  laws or any other Legal  Requirements;
     and "Wastes" shall mean any hazardous wastes, residual wastes, solid wastes
     or other wastes as those terms are defined in the environmental laws or any
     other Legal Requirements.

9.9  Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. There are no liabilities of Seller that
     have not been  disclosed  to Buyer which  could  materially  and  adversely
     affect the Assets.

9.10 Knowledge.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "to the best knowledge
     of Seller" or similar knowledge or awareness qualifiers shall be understood
     to refer to all matters  that are known or, in the  exercise of  reasonable
     business judgment,  should be known to Seller. For purposes hereof,  Seller
     shall be deemed to have knowledge of all acts and  circumstances  regarding
     Seller, the Assets and the Real Property that are known or, in the exercise
     of reasonable conduct, should be known by Seller's officers,  directors, or
     senior level management.

10.  Representations,   Warranties  and   Agreements  of  Buyer.   Buyer  hereby
     represents, warrants and agrees, as of the date hereof, that:

10.1 Organization  and Good  Standing.  Buyer is a corporation  duly  organized,
     validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of Utah,  with full
     corporate  power and  authority to conduct its business as such business is
     now being  conducted,  and has requisite  corporate  power and authority to
     execute  and  perform  this  Agreement  and the  transactions  contemplated
     hereby.

10.2 No  Violation:  No Consents.  Buyer has taken or will take prior to Closing
     all necessary or appropriate action to enable Buyer to enter into, execute,
     deliver and perform this  Agreement.  The execution and the  performance of
     this  Agreement,  and the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated
     hereby,  will not violate any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
     Bylaws of Buyer,  or, to the best knowledge of Buyer,  violate or result in
     the  breach  of any term or  provision  of,  or  constitute  a  default  or
     accelerate   maturities   under  any  loan  or  other  similar   agreement,
     instrument,  indenture,  mortgage,  deed of trust, or other  restriction to
     which Buyer is a party or by which any of Buyer's property is bound.

10.3 Validity of Agreement.  This  Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated
     hereby have been, or shall have been prior to Closing,  duly authorized and
     approved by the Board of Directors of Buyer,  and this  Agreement  has been
     duly  executed and  delivered by Buyer and is the legal,  valid and binding
     obligation,  enforceable in accordance  with its terms,  of Buyer. No other
     proceedings are necessary to authorize this Agreement and the  transactions
     contemplated  hereby, or the performance or compliance by Buyer with any of
     the terms, provisions or conditions hereof.

10.4 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.  There are no liabilities of Buyer that
     have not been  disclosed to Seller  which could  materially  and  adversely
     affect the business of Buyer.

10.5 Disclosure.  No  representation  or  warranty  by  Buyer  herein  or in any
     statement,  certificate,  schedule or document furnished or to be furnished
     by Buyer to Seller pursuant  hereto or in connection with the  transactions
     contemplated  hereby  contains or will  contain any untrue  statement  of a
     material  fact, or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to
     make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading.

10.6 Knowledge.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "to the best knowledge
     of Buyer" or similar knowledge or awareness  qualifiers shall be understood
     to refer to all matters  that are known or, in the  exercise of  reasonable
     business  judgment,  should be known to Buyer. For purposes  hereof,  Buyer
     shall be deemed to have knowledge of all acts and  circumstances  regarding
     Buyer that are known or, in the exercise of reasonable  conduct,  should be
     known by Buyer's officers, directors, or senior level management.

11.  Conditions Precedent. Each parties obligations hereunder are subject to the
     following conditions precedent,  each of which conditions must be satisfied
     prior to Closing:

11.1 Regulatory  Approvals.  Each  party's  obligations  to close and to perform
     pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall be  subject  to prior  approval  by any
     applicable regulatory agencies, of the Reinsurance Agreement.

11.2 Closing  of  Reinsurance   Agreement.   The  Closing  of  the  transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement shall occur  simultaneously with the Closing
     of the Coinsurance Agreement, as set forth therein, and neither party shall
     have any obligations to close hereunder until the occurrence of the Closing
     of the transactions contemplated by the Coinsurance Agreement.

12.  Notices. Any notice or other communications required or permitted hereunder
     shall be sufficiently given if delivered in person or sent by registered or
     certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,  addressed as follows to the  following
     addresses,  or such other  address as shall be  furnished in writing by any
     such party, and such notice or communications  shall be deemed to have been
     given as of the date so delivered and mailed:

          If   to Seller:

                  Acadian Life Insurance Company
                  236 Third Street
                  Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70801
                  Attn: Robert Edward Dolese, Chairman

          And  also to:

                  Acadian Financial Group, Inc.
                  236 Third Street
                  Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70801
                  Attn: Robert Edward Dolese, Chairman

          If   to Buyer:

                  Security National Life Insurance Company
                  5300 South 360 West, Suite 250
                  Salt Lake City, UT 84123
                  Attn: Scott M. Quist, President

          And  also to:

                  Security National Financial Corporation
                  5300 South 360 West, Suite 250
                  Salt Lake City, UT 84123
                  Attn: Scott M. Quist, President

13.  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed by and  construed  and
     enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah.

14.  Binding  Agreement.  This Agreement  shall be binding upon and inure to the
     benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns.

15.  Public Announcements. All parties hereby agree that no party shall make any
     public announcement of this transaction,  prior to Closing, except with the
     prior consent of the other parties.



                                       1

<PAGE>


                SELLER:

                ACADIAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



                By:________________________________________
                Its:________________________


                ACADIAN FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.



                By:________________________________________
                Its:________________________

                BUYER:


                SECURITY NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



                By:________________________________________
                Its:________________________


                SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORPORATION



                By:________________________________________
                Its:________________________



                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
