<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2
<TEXT>
                                                        Exhibit 2










                    STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT



                              AMONG


                        CRABAR/GBF, INC.,
                     a Delaware corporation,

                       the STOCKHOLDERS of
                        CRABAR, GBF, INC.

                               AND

                           ENNIS, INC.,
                       a Texas corporation







               -----------------------------------
                    Dated as of June 25, 2004

               -----------------------------------

<PAGE>
                    STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     THIS STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is dated  as
of  June  25,  2004  and made by and among  Crabar/GBF,  Inc.,  a
Delaware  corporation (the "Company"), the  stockholders  of  the
Company  (the  "Sellers"), and Ennis, Inc., a  Texas  corporation
("Purchaser").  All capitalized terms used herein but not defined
where used shall have the meanings set forth in Article XII.

                           WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS,  the  Sellers  own all of the  outstanding  capital
stock (the "Stock") of the Company; and

     WHEREAS,  Purchaser  desires to acquire  the  Stock  of  the
Company  from  the Sellers, and the Sellers desire  to  sell  the
Stock  of  the Company to Purchaser, on the terms and  conditions
set forth below;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises  and  the
covenants   contained  herein,  and  other  good   and   valuable
consideration,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency   of   which   are
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

                            ARTICLE I
                        PURCHASE AND SALE

     1.01 Stock Purchase. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth  below, Purchaser shall purchase from Sellers, and  Sellers
shall  sell to Purchaser, at closing (the "Closing") all  of  the
Stock.

     1.02  Purchase Price.  The purchase price ("Purchase Price")
of  the  Stock  is  $18,000,000 less Company Debt  and  less  the
Noncompetition  Consideration; provided,  however,  the  Purchase
Price  shall  be  increased by $2,000,000 in the event  Purchaser
terminates  the  Merger  Agreement in  accordance  with  a  Fault
Termination,  and such amount shall be paid by the  Purchaser  to
the  Escrow Agent, for deposit into the Escrow Fund on behalf  of
Sellers,  not  later than five (5) business days  following  such
Fault Termination by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to  such  account(s)  as  directed by the Sellers;  and  provided
further  the Purchase Price shall be adjusted in accordance  with
Section 2.02(b); and provided further the Purchase Price shall be
adjusted  in accordance with Section 5.07(g)(v).  "Company  Debt"
means, with respect to the Company, the indebtedness for interest-
bearing  borrowed money and funded debt as set forth on  Schedule
1.02,  together  with accrued interest through the  Closing  Date
thereon, if any, based on the Company's good faith estimate  made
immediately prior to Closing.

                           ARTICLE II
                             CLOSING

     2.01  Place  and Time. The Closing shall take place  at  the
offices  of  Gardner Carton & Douglas LLP, 191 N.  Wacker  Drive,
Suite  3700, Chicago, Illinois, at 10:00 am. local time  on  June
30, 2004, or such other date as mutually agreed by the parties in
writing which shall be no later than the third (3rd) business day
after the date that all of the closing conditions, except for

                                1
<PAGE>
conditions  that,  by  their  terms,  are  to  be  satisfied   by
deliveries  made  at Closing have been satisfied  or  waived  (if
waivable).   The time and date on which the Closing  is  actually
held  is  referred  to herein as the ("Closing  Date"),  and  the
effective time of the Closing shall be 12:01 a.m. Central Time on
the Closing Date (the "Effective Time").

     2.02 Payment; Debt Adjustment.

         (a)   At  Closing, Purchaser shall deliver the  Purchase
     Price,   less   $250,000   (the   "Holdback   Amount"),   in
     immediately available funds, in accordance with  the  names,
     accounts  and  amounts set forth on Annex  II,  and  Sellers
     shall deliver to Purchaser certificates representing all  of
     the  Stock,  duly endorsed or accompanied by stock  transfer
     powers duly executed in like manner, or a duly executed  and
     notarized  affidavit  of  lost  certificate,  in  form   and
     substance  acceptable to Purchaser.  Sellers  shall  deliver
     to   Purchaser   certificates  representing   all   of   the
     outstanding  capital  stock  or  membership  interests,   as
     applicable, in the Company's Subsidiaries registered in  the
     name of the Company.

         (b)    Within  ten  (10)  business  days  following  the
     Closing  Date,  Purchaser shall determine the final  Company
     Debt,  and  shall deliver to the Sellers a written statement
     setting  forth, in reasonable detail, the actual calculation
     of  the  Company  Debt as of the Closing  Date  (the  "Final
     Company  Debt"), together with any documents  substantiating
     same as may be reasonably requested by the Sellers.  In  the
     event  the  Final  Company Debt exceeds  the  Company  Debt,
     Purchaser  shall reduce the Purchase Price by the amount  of
     such  excess; provided, however, that in no event  may  such
     adjustment   exceed   the   Holdback   Amount   (the   "Debt
     Adjustment").   Any  Holdback Amount  remaining  after  such
     determination and adjustment shall be promptly delivered  to
     the  Sellers by wire transfer of immediately available funds
     to  such account(s) as designated by Sellers, on a pro  rata
     basis  in  proportion to their respective shares  of  Stock.
     The  Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Debt Adjustment,
     if any.

                           ARTICLE III
      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS AND COMPANY

     The  Indemnifying Sellers represent and warrant, jointly and
severally, and the Company represents and warrants, to  Purchaser
as follows:

     3.01  Organization.  The Company and the Company  Subsidiary
are  a  corporation and limited liability company,  respectively,
duly  organized, validly existing and in good standing under  the
laws  of the State of Delaware, and have all requisite power  and
authority  to carry on and conduct their business as  it  is  now
being  conducted and to own or lease their properties and assets,
and  are  duly qualified and in good standing in every state  (if
any) in which the conduct of their businesses or the ownership of
their  properties  and assets requires them to be  so  qualified,
except  where  the failure to qualify would not have  a  material
adverse  effect.  Sellers (including trustees under  all  trusts)
have  the  right,  power  and capacity to  execute,  deliver  and
perform   this  Agreement  and  to  consummate  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby.  This Agreement has been duly  and  validly
executed  and  delivered  by Sellers and constitutes  the  legal,
valid   and   binding  obligation  of  Sellers,  enforceable   in
accordance with its terms.
                                2
<PAGE>

     3.02  No  Conflict.  Except as set forth on  Schedule  3.02,
neither  the  execution and delivery of this  Agreement  nor  the
consummation of the transactions contemplated will (a) result  in
the material breach, violation or contravention of, or constitute
a  material default under, or materially conflict with,  or  give
rise  to  a right of termination of, or accelerate any obligation
under  any  of the provisions of (i) any agreement, lease,  note,
bond,  debenture  or  other  evidence  of  indebtedness  or   any
mortgage, deed of trust, indenture or other instrument  to  which
Sellers, the Company or the Company Subsidiary are a party or  by
which  any  of them is bound or to which any of their  assets  is
subject, (ii) any judgment, decree, order or award of any  court,
regulatory  agency or other governmental body  or  arbitrator  to
which  Sellers, the Company or the Company Subsidiary or  any  of
their  assets is subject or by which Sellers, the Company or  the
Company  Subsidiary  are  bound or (iii)  any  statute,  rule  or
regulation or other law applicable to Sellers, the Company or the
Company  Subsidiary,  or  (iv) result in  the  violation  of  the
Organizational   Documents  of  the  Company   or   the   Company
Subsidiary,  (b)  result in the creation  of  any  pledge,  lien,
encumbrance or security interest upon any of its assets,  or  (c)
require  the  authorization, approval, consent or  order  of,  or
filing  with, or other action by any court, regulatory agency  or
other governmental body.

     3.03 Stock; Capitalization.

         (a)    The  authorized  capital  stock  of  the  Company
     consists  of one thousand (1,000) shares of Class  A  common
     stock,  and  two thousand (2,000) shares of Class  B  common
     stock,  $1.00 par value per share, of which four (4)  shares
     of  Class A common stock, and three-hundred ninety-six (396)
     of  Class  B common stock, are issued and outstanding.   The
     Stock  constitutes all of the issued and outstanding  shares
     of  capital stock of the Company.  All of the Stock is owned
     of  record  and beneficially by Sellers except with  respect
     to  Stock held by trusts which are held beneficially for the
     beneficiaries  thereof.  Sellers hold  the  exclusive  right
     and  power  to  vote the Stock.  The Stock is owned  by  the
     Sellers,  free and clear of any and all adverse claims.   No
     legend  or  other  reference to any adverse  claims  appears
     upon   any   certificate  representing  the  Stock,   except
     pursuant  to  applicable securities law.  Upon  delivery  of
     the  Stock under this Agreement, Purchaser will acquire good
     and  valid title to the Stock, free and clear of any adverse
     claims.   The  Stock  is  validly  issued,  fully  paid  and
     nonassessable.  The Stock was issued in compliance with  all
     applicable  federal and state securities  laws  and  is  not
     subject  to  preemptive rights.  There  are  no  outstanding
     options,  warrants or convertible securities issued  by  the
     Company.   The  stock transfer records of  the  Company  are
     correct  and  complete,  and  all certificates  representing
     Stock  that  are not outstanding and owned by  Sellers  have
     been cancelled and placed in the stock transfer records.

         (b)   The  Company Subsidiary is the only Subsidiary  of
     the  Company.   The  Company Subsidiary has  no  Subsidiary.
     The  Company owns one hundred percent (100%) of the  limited
     liability  company  membership  interests  in  the   Company
     Subsidiary,  free and clear of any and all  adverse  claims.
     There  are  no outstanding options, warrants or  convertible
     securities  issued  by  the Company  Subsidiary  or  by  the
     Company with respect to the Company Subsidiary.

     3.04  Financial  Statements. The Company  has  delivered  to
Purchaser (a) audited consolidated balance sheets of the  Company
and  for  each  Company Subsidiary as at December 31,  2003  (the
"Balance  Sheet")  and 2002 and the related audited  consolidated
statements  of  income, shareholders' (deficit) equity  and  cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2003 and

                                3
<PAGE>

for  the  period  from inception (May 28, 2002) to  December  31,
2002,  together  with the report thereof of Battelle  &  Battelle
LLP,  independent  certified  public accountants,  including  the
notes thereto, and (b) an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of
the Company and each Company Subsidiary as at March 31, 2004 (the
"Interim  Balance Sheet") and the related unaudited  consolidated
statements  of income, stockholders' (deficit) equity,  and  cash
flow  for the three (3) months then ended, including in each case
the  notes thereto (collectively, the "Financial Statements") all
of  which  are  attached hereto as Schedule  3.04.   The  Interim
Balance  Sheet  includes all liabilities that are listed  on  the
Liabilities  Journal included as part of Schedule 3.04.   To  the
Company's  best  knowledge,  such  Financial  Statements   fairly
present  the  financial condition and the results of consolidated
operations,  stockholders'  equity,  and  cash  flow  as  at  the
respective  dates  of  and for the periods referred  to  in  such
financial  statements,  all generally in  accordance  with  GAAP,
subject,  in the case of interim financial statements, to  normal
recurring  year-end adjustments (the effect of  which  will  not,
individually or in the aggregate, be materially adverse) and  the
absence of notes (that, if presented, would not differ materially
from those included in the Balance Sheet).  To the Company's best
knowledge,   the  Financial  Statements  reflect  the  consistent
application of such accounting principles throughout the  periods
involved,  except  as disclosed in the notes  to  such  financial
statements.   To  the  Company's  best  knowledge,  no  financial
statements  of  any person other than the Company Subsidiary  are
required  by  GAAP  to be included in the consolidated  financial
statements of the Company.

     3.05  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.  The Company does  not
have  any "off-balance sheet arrangements."  For purposes of  the
preceding  sentence, "off-balance sheet arrangement"  means  with
respect  to  the Company or the Company Subsidiary or  affiliated
entity ("Person"), any securitization transaction to which it  is
party  and  any other transaction, agreement or other contractual
arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with that Person is
a  party,  under  which  it,  whether  or  not  a  party  to  the
arrangement, has, or in the future may have:  (a) any  obligation
under a direct or indirect guarantee or similar arrangement;  (b)
a  retained  or contingent interest in assets transferred  to  an
unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement; (c) derivatives  to
the extent that the fair value thereof is not fully reflected  as
a  liability  or asset in the financial statements;  or  (d)  any
obligation  or  liability, including a contingent  obligation  or
liability,  to the extent that it is not fully reflected  in  the
financial statements (excluding the footnotes thereto) (for  this
purpose,  obligations or liabilities that are not fully reflected
in  the  financial  statements (excluding the footnotes  thereto)
include,  without  limitation:   (i)  obligations  that  are  not
classified  as  a  liability according to GAAP;  (ii)  contingent
liabilities  as  to  which,  as of  the  date  of  the  financial
statements, it is not probable that a loss has been incurred  or,
if probable, is not reasonably estimable; or (iii) liabilities as
to  which  the  amount recognized in the financial statements  is
less  than the reasonably possible maximum exposure to loss under
the  obligation  as of the date of the financial statements,  but
exclude   contingent  liabilities  arising  out  of   litigation,
arbitration or regulatory actions (not otherwise related to  off-
balance  sheet  arrangements)).   Schedule  3.05  identifies  all
outstanding  guarantees,  letters of credit,  performance  bonds,
assurance bonds, surety agreements, indemnity agreements and  any
other   legally  binding  forms  of  assurance  or  guaranty   in
connection  with  the  business of the Company,  whether  or  not
issued by the Company.

     3.06  Undisclosed  Liabilities.   Except  as  set  forth  in
Schedule  3.06, to the Company's knowledge, neither  the  Company
nor the Company Subsidiary has any liabilities or obligations  of
any  nature  (whether  known  or unknown  and  whether  absolute,
accrued,  contingent, or otherwise) which have arisen or  accrued
since December 31, 2003 and which are the types of

                                4
<PAGE>

liabilities  under GAAP that should be reflected on  the  Balance
Sheet,  except  for  liabilities  or  obligations  reflected   or
reserved  against  in  the Balance Sheet or the  Interim  Balance
Sheet  recorded in accordance with GAAP consistently applied  for
the  period  thereof,  and current liabilities  incurred  in  the
Ordinary  Course of Business since the respective dates  thereof.
Since  the date of the Interim Balance Sheet, neither the Company
nor  the  Company  Subsidiary has extended or maintained  credit,
arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension  of
credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director  or
executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company  or  the
Company Subsidiary.

     3.07 Taxes.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.07:

         (a)   The  Company  and the Company Subsidiary  has  (i)
     properly   completed  and  timely  filed  all  Tax   Returns
     required  to be filed by it since inception (May  28,  2002)
     and  all  such  Tax  Returns are true and  complete  in  all
     respects and (ii) duly paid in full all Taxes that were  due
     and  payable  for all periods ending on or before  the  date
     hereof. The Company and the Company Subsidiary maintain  and
     has  maintained  adequate accruals, as  reflected  in  their
     respective  Balance  Sheets and Interim Balance  Sheet,  for
     all  Taxes  accrued but not yet due.  Company has  delivered
     to  Purchaser  copies  of all such Tax Returns  filed  since
     inception (May 28, 2002).

         (b)   There is no (i) material claim for Taxes  that  is
     a  Lien against the property or assets of the Company or the
     Company  Subsidiary  or that is being asserted  against  the
     Company  or  the  Company Subsidiary other  than  liens  for
     Taxes  not  yet  due and payable; (ii) audit, administrative
     proceeding or court proceeding with respect to any Taxes  or
     Tax  Returns  of the Company or the Company Subsidiary  that
     is  being  conducted  or  is  pending  and  no  Governmental
     Authority  responsible for the imposition  of  any  Tax  has
     asserted  against the Company or the Company Subsidiary  any
     material  deficiency or claim for Taxes; (iii) extension  of
     the  statute of limitations on the assessment of  any  Taxes
     granted  by  the  Company  or  the  Company  Subsidiary  and
     currently   in  effect;  or  (iv)  agreement,  contract   or
     arrangement  to which the Company or the Company  Subsidiary
     are  a  party that would result in the payment of any amount
     that  would  not be deductible by reason of Code  (sections)
     162(m)  or 280G as a result of the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement.

         (c)   No  claim  or  notice  has  been  submitted  by  a
     Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where  the  Company
     or  the  Company Subsidiary have not filed Tax Returns  that
     it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

         (d)   Neither the Company nor the Company Subsidiary  is
     a  party to any Tax sharing, Tax indemnity or Tax allocation
     agreement  nor  does  the Company or the Company  Subsidiary
     have  any liability or potential liability to another person
     under   any  such  agreement,  and  has  not  incurred   any
     liability  for  the  Taxes  of  any  person  under  Treasury
     Regulation  (section) 1.1502-6 (or any similar  Laws)  as  a
     transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise.

         (e)    The  Company  and  the  Company  Subsidiary  have
     withheld  and paid all material Taxes required to have  been
     withheld  and paid in connection with amounts paid or  owing
     to   any   employee,   independent   contractor,   creditor,
     stockholder or other Person.

                                5
<PAGE>

         (f)   No  power  of  attorney has been  granted  by  the
     Company  or  the  Company Subsidiary  with  respect  to  any
     matters relating to Taxes that is currently in effect.

         (g)   Neither  the  Company nor the  Company  Subsidiary
     has  filed  any  disclosures under Code (sections)  6662  or
     6011  or  comparable provisions of state, local  or  foreign
     Law  to prevent the imposition of penalties with respect  to
     any Tax reporting position taken on any Tax Return.

         (h)   The Company has been an S corporation, within  the
     meaning  of  Code (section) 1361(a)(1) and all  times  since
     June  30, 2003, and the Company will be an S corporation  up
     to  and including the day before the Closing Date and up and
     including  the  Closing Date if an election  is  made  under
     (section)  338(h)(10).  There are no subsidiaries  that  are
     corporations.

         (i)   Neither  the  Company nor the  Company  Subsidiary
     will  be  liable for any tax under Code (sections)  1374  or
     1375  or  any  corresponding provisions of state,  local  or
     foreign law in connection with the deemed sale of assets  as
     a result of an election under Code (section) 338(h)(10).

         (j)   Neither  the  Company nor the  Company  Subsidiary
     has  filed or made any material Tax election or has  changed
     its   overall  method  of  accounting,  or  its  method   of
     accounting  with  respect to specific items  of  income  and
     deduction including the determination of its cost  of  goods
     sold, for Tax purposes.

     3.08.      Absence  of  Changes.   Except  as  disclosed  on
Schedule 3.08, since December 31, 2003, none of the following has
occurred:

         (a)   To  the  Company's knowledge, any  change  in  the
     financial   condition,  assets,  liabilities,  business   or
     operations,  other  than changes in the ordinary  course  of
     business or changes affecting the economy or industry  as  a
     whole,  which in the aggregate would have a material adverse
     effect on the Company or the Company Subsidiary;

         (b)    Any   material  damage,  destruction,  or   loss,
     whether or not covered by insurance, of the Company  or  the
     Company Subsidiary;

         (c)   Any  event or condition that could materially  and
     adversely  affect  the Company or its business,  operations,
     properties or prospects; or

         (d)   Any  receipt of written notice, that any  supplier
     or  customer has taken or contemplates taking any steps that
     could  disrupt the Company's business relationship with  the
     supplier or customer.

     3.09  Condition and Title to the Assets.  To  the  Company's
knowledge: (i) the tangible assets of the Company and the Company
Subsidiary  are in good condition and repair, ordinary  wear  and
tear  excepted, (ii) the present use and location of the tangible
assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiary conforms, in all
material  respects,  with all applicable  laws,  ordinances,  and
regulations   of  all  federal,  state,  and  local  governmental
agencies,   and  (iii)  neither  the  Company  nor  the   Company
Subsidiary has received written notice of any breach or violation

                                6
<PAGE>

of  any  such  laws, ordinances, or regulations.  Except  as  set
forth on Schedule 3.09 and except for the Permitted Encumbrances,
at Closing, the Company and the Company Subsidiary will have good
and  marketable title to the tangible assets of the  Company  and
the  Company  Subsidiary,  free and clear  of  all  Encumbrances.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section  3.09  to  the
contrary, in no event shall Company or the Sellers be liable  for
a  breach of the representations and warranties set forth in this
Section  3.09  unless  and until the damages  or  losses  related
thereto exceed $125,000.

     3.10  Insurance. Schedule 3.10 lists all insurance  policies
held  by the Company and the Company Subsidiary and now in  force
relating to the Company and the Company Subsidiary.

     3.11 Compliance with Laws.

         (a)   To  its knowledge: (i) the Company and the Company
     Subsidiary  have  complied and are in  compliance  with  all
     laws, regulations, and orders applicable to the Company  and
     the  Company  Subsidiary,  and  has  obtained  all  permits,
     licenses,  orders,  and  approvals of  federal,  state,  and
     local  governmental and regulatory bodies that are  required
     for  it to own, maintain, and operate its business; (ii)  no
     threat of cancellation, modification, or non-renewal of  any
     such  permits,  licenses, orders, or approvals  is  pending,
     nor does any basis exist for cancellation, modification,  or
     non-renewal;  (iii)  except  as  otherwise  set   forth   on
     Schedule  3.11(a),  the Company and the  Company  Subsidiary
     are  not  currently  in violation or  default  of  any  such
     permit, license, order, or approval and the present uses  of
     the  Company does not violate any law, regulation, or order;
     and  (iv)  except as disclosed in Schedule 3.11(a),  neither
     the   Company  nor  the  Company  Subsidiary  has  or  needs
     governmental permits or licenses to transact their  business
     as  currently  conducted and, except as listed  on  Schedule
     3.11(a),  none of the permits or licenses that  the  Company
     or  the  Company Subsidiary hold will be adversely  affected
     in  any  way by reason of this Agreement or the consummation
     of   the  transactions  contemplated  here,  including   the
     transfer   of  stock  in  the  Company  to  Purchaser.    No
     Governmental  Authority  has issued  or,  to  the  Company's
     knowledge, threatened any notice or warning with respect  to
     any  failure  or  alleged failure  of  the  Company  or  the
     Company  Subsidiary  to comply with any law,  regulation  or
     order.

         (b)   Except  as set forth in Schedule 3.11(b),  to  the
     Company's  knowledge,  no  consent  or  approval  of,  prior
     filing   with,   notice  to,  or  other   action   by,   any
     governmental body or agency is required for the  Company  to
     execute  and  deliver  this  Agreement  or  any  assignment,
     agreement, or other instrument to be executed and  delivered
     pursuant   to  this  Agreement  by  or  to  consummate   the
     transactions provided for here.

     3.12  Litigation  and Claims. No judgments,  orders,  writs,
decrees,   injunctions,  or  quasi  judicial  or   administrative
decisions  are  outstanding to which  the  Company,  the  Company
Subsidiary or their properties are subject.  Except as  disclosed
on   Schedule   3.12,   no  litigation,  claim,   action,   suit,
investigation, or proceeding is pending or has been filed at  any
time  since  May  28,  2002,  or,  to  the  Company's  knowledge,
threatened  against  or  relating to  the  Company,  the  Company
Subsidiary  or  their material assets.  Except  as  disclosed  on
Schedule  3.12, to the Company's knowledge, neither  the  Company
nor  the  Company  Subsidiary has any  "loss  contingencies"  (as
defined  in  Financial Accounting Standards  Board  Statement  of
Financial  Accounting Standards No. 5 ("FASB 5")),  that  FASB  5
would require to be disclosed or accrued

                                7
<PAGE>

in  the Company's Financial Statements if they were prepared when
this representation and warranty is made or deemed made.

     3.13  Contracts  and  Consents.  Schedule  3.13  lists  each
written  contract to which the Company and the Company Subsidiary
is  a  party which, in the aggregate, has a value of $100,000  or
more  (the "Material Contracts"), copies of which have been  made
available to Purchaser.  To the Company's knowledge, no party  is
in  breach  or  default  of any Material Contract,  nor,  to  the
Company's  knowledge, does any basis for any claim of  breach  or
default,  whether  upon the passage of time,  giving  notice,  or
otherwise with regard to the foregoing exist with respect to  any
party  to  any  such Material Contract.  Except as set  forth  on
Schedule 3.13, no Material Contract has been modified or amended,
and  neither the Company nor the Company Subsidiary have received
any  written  notice of any proposed modification  or  amendment.
Sellers  shall  have obtained all consents or approvals  required
pursuant to any Material Contracts.

     3.14  Intangible Assets. Schedule 3.14 lists  all  licenses,
trademarks,   service   marks,  trade   names,   service   names,
copyrights,  patents, and related registrations and  applications
owned  by, registered in the name of, or used in connection  with
the  Company's or the Company Subsidiary's business, or for which
application has been made, subject to the exceptions set forth on
Schedule  3.14,  and except with respect to commercial,  off-the-
shelf  software  and  except with respect  to  the  Company's  or
Company  Subsidiary's  use, for archival  purposes,  of  software
originally  licensed  to  the Company's or  Company  Subsidiary's
predecessors which the Company or the Company Subsidiary uses  to
access sales records from prior periods.  There are no pending or
threatened infringement claims against the Company or the Company
Subsidiary by any person with respect to any of the items  listed
on  Schedule 3.14, nor has any such item been declared invalid or
been  limited  by  any court or agreement.  The  conduct  of  the
Company  and  the Company Subsidiary as presently conducted  does
not,  to  the  Company's knowledge, infringe on the  intellectual
property rights of any other person.

     3.15 Environmental Matters.  Except as disclosed in Schedule
3.15:

         (a)   The  Company and the Company Subsidiary  have,  to
     the  Company's knowledge, obtained or filed all Governmental
     Authorizations  that they are required to  obtain,  make  or
     file  under  any  applicable Environmental Laws  to  own  or
     operate  any  of  the  properties  or  facilities  owned  or
     operated  by  the  Company or the Company Subsidiary  or  to
     operate   or   conduct  its  business.    All   Governmental
     Authorizations required under Environmental Laws to  own  or
     operate  any  properties or facilities  currently  owned  or
     operated  by the Company and the Company Subsidiary  and  to
     operate   and   conduct  the  Company's  and   the   Company
     Subsidiary's  business are listed on Schedule 3.15(a);  and,
     to    Company's    knowledge,    all    such    Governmental
     Authorizations  are in full force and effect.   The  Company
     and  the  Company Subsidiary have been and are in compliance
     with  all  terms, conditions and requirements  of  all  such
     Governmental   Authorizations.   None  of  the  Governmental
     Authorizations required under Environmental  Laws  would  be
     violated by the transfer of the Shares contemplated by  this
     Agreement,  and no Governmental Authorizations  or  consents
     are  required  under any Environmental Law for the  transfer
     of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement.

         (b)   Neither  the  Company nor the  Company  Subsidiary
     are  subject  to any Environmental Liability,  and,  to  the
     knowledge of the Company, none of the Company,

                                8
<PAGE>

     Company Subsidiary or Purchaser will, after Closing,  suffer
     or  incur  any Environmental Liability, based on any  facts,
     circumstances,  or conditions existing on or  prior  to  the
     Closing Date.

         (c)   To  the  knowledge  of the  Company,  no  past  or
     present   events,  conditions,  circumstances,   activities,
     practices,  incidents,  actions, or plans  could,  with  the
     passage  of time or the provision of notice, (i)  give  rise
     to  the  imposition on the Company or the Company Subsidiary
     of  any  Environmental  Liability, (ii)  interfere  with  or
     prevent  continued compliance by the Company or the  Company
     Subsidiary with Environmental Laws, or (iii) form the  basis
     of   any  claim,  action,  suit,  proceeding,  hearing,   or
     investigation,  based  on related to the  Company's  or  the
     Company  Subsidiary's manufacture, processing, distribution,
     use,  treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or  handling,
     or  the  emission, discharge, runoff, release, or threatened
     release into the environment, of any Regulated Material.

         (d)   None  of  the Company, the Company  Subsidiary  or
     any  other  person  for  whom the  Company  or  the  Company
     Subsidiary  is responsible has treated, stored, recycled  or
     disposed  of any Regulated Material on any real property  or
     facilities in violation of any Environmental Law or, to  the
     knowledge  of the Company, in a manner that could result  in
     an  Environmental  Liability.   There  is  no  and,  to  the
     knowledge of Company has not been any, release or threat  of
     release of any Regulated Material to the environment at,  on
     or  under any real property or facility in violation of  any
     Environmental Laws or that could give rise to imposition  of
     an  Environmental Liability on the Company  or  the  Company
     Subsidiary.

         (e)   Company  has provided to Purchaser a list  of  all
     sites  at which the Company and the Company Subsidiary  have
     arranged   for  the  transportation,  recycling,  treatment,
     disposal,  or  other handling of any Regulated Material  for
     the  last three (3) years.  To the knowledge of the Company,
     none   of  the  Company,  the  Company  Subsidiary  or   any
     predecessor  has arranged for the treatment or  disposal  of
     any  Regulated  Material  generated  at  the  properties  or
     assets related to the Company or the Company Subsidiary,  or
     arranged  for  the  transportation  of  any  such  Regulated
     Material  for treatment or disposal, at any site or facility
     listed  or  proposed  for listing on the  National  Priority
     List    established    pursuant   to    the    Comprehensive
     Environmental  Response,  Compensation  and  Liability   Act
     ("CERCLA")   or   on   any  list  established   by   another
     governmental    body   of   sites   potentially    requiring
     environmental remedial action.

         (f)   None  of  the Company, the Company  Subsidiary  or
     Sellers  has  received any written request for  information,
     notice  of  claim,  demand or other  notification  that  the
     Company  or  the Company Subsidiary is or may be potentially
     responsible  with  respect  to any Environmental  Liability,
     environmental  remedial action or any threatened  or  actual
     release of any Regulated Material.  There has been no  past,
     and  there is no pending, or to the knowledge of the Company
     contemplated, claim by or against the Company,  the  Company
     Subsidiary or Sellers under any Environmental Law.  None  of
     the  Company, the Company Subsidiary or Sellers has  entered
     into   any   agreement   with  any  person   regarding   any
     environmental   remedial  action  or   other   Environmental
     Liability.

                                9
<PAGE>

         (g)   All  storage tanks located on real property  owned
     or  operated  by  the  Company and the  Company  Subsidiary,
     whether   underground  or  aboveground,  are  disclosed   on
     Schedule  3.15(g).   All  tanks and associated  piping  have
     been  maintained,  inspected and tested in  compliance  with
     applicable  Environmental Laws, are in sound condition  and,
     to  the  Company's knowledge, are not leaking and  have  not
     leaked.   All  storage  tanks on such  property  which  were
     previously  removed from service have been  properly  closed
     in  compliance  with all applicable Environmental  Law,  and
     with  respect  to  each such tank, testing and  observations
     confirm  that there were no releases requiring environmental
     response   actions,  or  that  any  required   environmental
     response actions have been completed.

         (g)   Neither  the  Company nor the  Company  Subsidiary
     owns  or  operates any PCB equipment as defined in 40  C.F.R
     Part  761  ("PCB  Equipment") at any of  the  real  property
     owned  or operated by the Company or the Company Subsidiary.
     To  the  knowledge  of  the  Company,  PCB  Equipment  which
     previously existed at any such property has been flushed  of
     polychlorinated byphenyls, or has been removed and  properly
     disposed  of,  in  compliance with applicable  Environmental
     Laws.  Any remaining PCB Equipment owned or operated by  the
     Company  or the Company Subsidiary is and has been  labeled,
     inspected,   and  managed  in  compliance  with   applicable
     Environmental   Laws.   There  is  no  asbestos   containing
     material   as   defined  by  40  C.F.R.   (section)   61.141
     ("Regulated  Asbestos Containing Material") at  any  of  the
     real  property  owned  or operated by  the  Company  or  the
     Company  Subsidiary,  and any Regulated Asbestos  Containing
     Material  has been identified, labeled and is being  managed
     in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws.

         (h)   The  Company, the Company Subsidiary  and  Sellers
     have  made  available to Purchaser true and complete  copies
     and  results  of any assessments, audits, reports,  studies,
     analyses,  tests, or monitoring possessed  or  initiated  by
     the  Company,  the Company Subsidiary or Sellers  pertaining
     to  the  matters in this Section 3.15.  To the knowledge  of
     the    Company,   no   other   documents   reflecting   such
     assessments, audits, reports, studies, analyses,  tests,  or
     monitoring  pertaining  to  the  real  property   owner   or
     operated  by the Company, the Company Subsidiary or business
     exist.

     3.16 Major Suppliers and Customers.  Schedule 3.16 lists the
top  ten (10) suppliers of goods or services and the top ten (10)
customers,  both  determined on the  basis  of  aggregate  annual
expenditures,  during the year ended December 31,  2003  and  the
total  amount  paid or billed during the year ended December  31,
2003 (each, a "Material Supplier/Customer").  Except as set forth
on  Schedule 3.16, neither the Company nor the Company Subsidiary
has  a  dispute  with  any  Material  Supplier/Customer  and  has
received    a    written   notice   that   any   such    Material
Supplier/Customer has taken or contemplates taking any  steps  to
terminate  its  relationship  with the  Company  or  the  Company
Subsidiary.


     3.17  Internal  Accounting Control.   The  Company  and  the
Company  Subsidiary  maintain  a system  of  internal  accounting
controls  sufficient  to provide reasonable  assurance  that  (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with management's general
or  specific  authorizations, (ii) transactions are  recorded  as
necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in
conformity  with GAAP consistently applied and to maintain  asset
accountability,  (iii)  access to assets  is  permitted  only  in
accordance  with management's general or specific  authorization,
(iv)

                               10
<PAGE>

the  recorded  accountability for assets  is  compared  with  the
existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken  with  respect to any differences, and (v) accounts,  notes
and  other receivables and inventory are recorded accurately, and
proper  and  adequate procedures are implemented  to  effect  the
collection thereof on a current and timely basis.

     3.18  Labor  Relations.  Except to the extent set  forth  in
Schedule 3.18, neither the Company not the Company Subsidiary  is
subject   to  any  collective  bargaining  agreements  respecting
employment  and  employment practices, terms  and  conditions  of
employment, wages and hours, and occupational safety and  health,
and  is  not  engaged  in any unfair labor  practice  within  the
meaning of National Labor Relations Act (section) 8.

     3.19  Employees.  Schedule  3.19  contains  a  complete  and
accurate  list  of the following information for  each  employee,
officer  or director of Company or any Company Subsidiary  (each,
an  "Employee") with aggregate compensation in excess of  $70,000
per  year, including each employee on leave of absence or  layoff
status:  employer;  name; years of service;  job  title;  current
compensation paid or payable and any change in compensation since
December  31, 2003.  To the Company's knowledge, no  Employee  is
subject to any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement that
would  be  breached  as  a result of Purchaser  consummating  the
transactions contemplated herein.

     3.20  Inventory. Except as set forth on Schedule  3.20,  the
quantities of each item of inventory (whether raw materials, work-
in-process,  or finished goods) reflected on the Interim  Balance
Sheet are not excessive in kind or amount, but are reasonable  in
the  present  circumstances of the Business.   To  the  Company's
knowledge, all of the raw materials and work-in-process inventory
of  the Company and the Company Subsidiary can be expected to  be
utilized  in the ordinary course of business within a  reasonable
period  of time.  To the Company's knowledge, and except  as  set
forth  on  Schedule 3.20, none of the Company's  or  the  Company
Subsidiary's  inventory  is  obsolete,  slow-moving,   has   been
consigned   to   others  or  is  on  consignment   from   others.
Notwithstanding  anything  contained  in  this  Section  to   the
contrary, in no event shall Company or the Company Subsidiary  be
liable  for  a  breach of the representations and warranties  set
forth  in  this  Section unless and until the damages  or  losses
related  thereto  exceed  the  Inventory  Basket.   All  of   the
Company's and Company Subsidiary's inventory is located at  their
respective premises.

     3.21  Receivables. Schedule 3.21 identifies  each  trade  or
other   account   receivable   of  the   Company   ("Receivable")
outstanding  as  of March 31, 2004 on an aged  basis  by  account
debtor.   All Receivables arose from bona fide sale transactions.
To  the  Company's  knowledge, no portion of  any  Receivable  is
subject  to any counterclaim, defense or set-off, or is otherwise
in  dispute,  other  than  returns  in  the  Ordinary  Course  of
Business.   To  the  Company's knowledge,  except  as  adequately
reserved  on  the Financial Statements or set forth  on  Schedule
3.21,  all  of  the Receivables are collectible in  the  ordinary
course  of business and, unless collected prior to Closing,  will
be fully collected without setoff in accordance with the Ordinary
Course  of  Business after using commercially reasonable  efforts
(excluding  litigation  and assignment to a  collection  agency).
Notwithstanding  anything  contained  in  this  Section  to   the
contrary, in no event shall Company be liable for a breach of the
representations and warranties set forth in this  Section  unless
and  until the damages or losses related thereto exceed  the  A/R
Basket.

                               11
<PAGE>

     3.22  Real  Property. Schedule 3.22 discloses and summarizes
all  real  properties  currently owned, used  or  leased  by  the
Company  and  the  Company  Subsidiary (collectively,  the  "Real
Property")  and identifies the record title holder  of  all  Real
Property.  Schedule 3.22 separately identifies all real  property
previously owned, used or leased by the Company within  the  past
five  (5) years. The Company and the Company Subsidiary have good
and  marketable  fee simple title to all Real Property  shown  as
owned  by it on Schedule 3.22, free and clear of all Encumbrances
subject  only  to  Permitted Encumbrances.  The Company  and  the
Company Subsidiary have the right to quiet enjoyment of all  Real
Property  in  which they hold a leasehold interest for  the  full
term,  including  all renewal rights, of the leasehold  interest.
All such leasehold interests are valid and subsisting and, to the
Company's  knowledge,  not  subject to  any  default,  notice  of
default or any event with which passage of time or notice,  would
result  in a default.  To the Company's knowledge, copies of  all
title insurance policies written in favor of the Company, and all
deeds, opinions and abstracts relating to the Real Property  have
been  delivered  to Purchaser.  To the Company's  knowledge,  all
structures and other improvements on all Real Property  owned  by
the  Company and the Company Subsidiary are within the lot  lines
and  do  not encroach on the properties of any other person.   To
the  Company's  knowledge,  the use and  operation  of  all  Real
Property  conform to all applicable building, zoning, safety  and
subdivision   laws,   and  other  legal  requirements   and   all
restrictive  covenants and restrictions and conditions  affecting
title.   To  the  Company's knowledge, no  portion  of  any  Real
Property  is  located  in a flood plain,  flood  hazard  area  or
designated  wetlands area.  Neither the Company nor  the  Company
Subsidiary  have  received any written notice of assessments  for
public  improvements  against any Real Property  or  any  written
notice  or  order by any governmental body, insurance company  or
board  of  fire  underwriters or other  body  exercising  similar
functions  that (i) relates to violations of building, safety  or
fire  ordinances  or  regulations,  (ii)  claims  any  defect  or
deficiency  with respect to any Real Property or  (iii)  requests
the  performance of any repairs, alterations or other work to  or
in  any  Real  Property  or  in any  streets  bounding  the  Real
Property.  Each parcel of Real Property owned by the Company  and
the  Company Subsidiary is considered a separate parcel  of  land
for   taxing   and  conveyancing  purposes.   To  the   Company's
knowledge,  there  is  no  pending  condemnation,  expropriation,
eminent domain or similar proceeding affecting all or any portion
of  the  Real  Property.  All public utilities (including  water,
gas,   electric,  storm  and  sanitary  sewage,   and   telephone
utilities) required to operate the Real Property are available to
such Real Property and enter the boundaries of such Real Property
through  adjoining public streets, easements or rights-of-way  of
record  in  favor  of  the  Company or  the  Company  Subsidiary.
Neither the Company nor the Company Subsidiary have received  any
written notice of any proposed, planned or actual curtailment  of
service of any utility supplied to any facility of the Company or
the  Company  Subsidiary.  All Real Property used by the  Company
and  the  Company  Subsidiary  has access  to  a  publicly-opened
street.   There  exists  no outstanding option,  right  of  first
refusal  or other contractual right to purchase, sell, assign  or
dispose  of any owned Real Property.  To the Company's knowledge,
the  Company and the Company Subsidiary have all certificates  of
occupancy  and governmental approvals necessary for  current  and
continued use and operation of the Real Property.

     3.23  Subsidiaries and Investments.  Except as set forth  on
Schedule  3.23,  neither the Company nor the  Company  Subsidiary
owns,  nor  have  they  ever owned, any equity  interest  in  any
corporation,   partnership,  limited  liability  company,   joint
venture  or other entity.  Except as set forth on Schedule  3.23,
none  of  the officers or directors of the Company or the Company
Subsidiary  and,  to the knowledge of the Company,  none  of  the
employees of the Company or the Company

                               12
<PAGE>

Subsidiary  are  presently a party to any  transaction  with  the
Company  or  the Company Subsidiary (other than for  services  as
employees,  officers  and  directors),  including  any  contract,
agreement  or  other arrangement providing for the furnishing  of
services  to  or  by, providing for rental of  real  or  personal
property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to  or  from
any  officer,  director or such employee or, to the knowledge  of
the  Company, any entity in which any officer, director,  or  any
such  employee  has  a substantial interest  or  is  an  officer,
director, trustee or partner.

     3.24  Records. The books and records of the Company and  the
Company  Subsidiary  are,  and  have  been,  maintained  in   the
Company's  and  the  Company  Subsidiary's  usual,  regular   and
ordinary manner consistent with past practice, and, to the extent
applicable, in accordance with applicable law.  All minute books,
stock   transfer  records,  income  tax  filings   and   returns,
correspondence, files and records pertaining to the business  and
operations  of the Company and the Company Subsidiary  have  been
made  available  to Purchaser and, at Closing,  will  be  in  the
possession of the Company or delivered to Purchaser, as Purchaser
may specify.

     3.25  Transactions  With  Related  Parties.   None  of   the
Sellers,  officers  or directors of the Company  or  the  Company
Subsidiary (a "Related Party") is or has been for the past  three
years a party to any transaction, agreement or understanding with
the  Company  or the Company Subsidiary, except for  arrangements
disclosed  on Schedule 3.25.  Schedule 3.25 separately identifies
all  services that any Related Party provides to the Company  and
the Company Subsidiary, all assets that any Related Party owns or
leases  that  are used by the Company and the Company Subsidiary,
and  all  outstanding liabilities of any Related Party  that  are
related   to  the  business  of  the  Company  and  the   Company
Subsidiary.    Schedule  3.25  separately  discloses   all   cash
dividends  from  the  Company and the  Company  Subsidiary  since
December  31,  2003.  No Related Party uses  any  assets  of  the
Company  or  the Company Subsidiary except directly in connection
with  the business of the Company or the Company Subsidiary.   To
the  Company's knowledge, no Related Party has any claim  of  any
nature, including any inchoate claim, against the Company or  the
Company Subsidiary, and, to the Company's knowledge, neither  the
Company  nor  the Company Subsidiary has a claim of  any  nature,
including any inchoate claim, against any Related Party.  To  the
Company's knowledge, no Related Party directly or indirectly owns
or   is  engaged  in  any  business  that  competes  directly  or
indirectly with the Company or the Company Subsidiary.  Except as
disclosed on Schedule 3.25 or as otherwise expressly provided  by
this  Agreement,  (i) no Related Party will  at  any  time  after
Closing  for  any reason, directly or indirectly,  be  or  become
entitled  to  receive any payment or transfer of money  or  other
property  of any kind from the Company or the Company  Subsidiary
with  respect  to  facts, circumstances  or  events  existing  or
occurring  on  or  before  Closing, and  (ii)  to  the  Company's
knowledge, neither the Company nor the Company Subsidiary will at
any time after Closing for any reason, directly or indirectly, be
or  become  subject to any obligation to any Related  Party  with
respect  to facts, circumstances or events existing or  occurring
on or before Closing.  Since January 1, 2003, neither the Company
nor the Company Subsidiary has (i) extended or maintained credit,
arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension  of
credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director  or
executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company  or  the
Company Subsidiary, or (ii) materially modified any term  of  any
such   extension  or  maintenance  of  credit.    Schedule   3.25
identifies  any  loan or extension of credit  maintained  by  the
Company or the Company Subsidiary to which the second sentence of
(section)  13(k)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act  of  1934,  as
amended, applies.

                               13
<PAGE>

     3.26  Warranties. Schedule 3.26 discloses and describes  the
terms  of all express product warranties under which the  Company
or  the Company Subsidiary may have liability after Closing.  The
Company's  product  warranty reserve as  of  March  31,  2004  is
identified on Schedule 3.26.  Schedule 3.26 discloses the product
warranty  claims experience of the Company for the past five  (5)
years.

     3.27 Employee Benefits.

         (a)   Company  Plans.   Schedule 3.27(a)  discloses  all
     written  and unwritten benefit plans, whether or not  funded
     and  whether or not terminated, (i) maintained or  sponsored
     by  the Company, (ii) with respect to which the Company  (or
     Sellers  with  respect  to  the Company)  has  or  may  have
     liability   or  is  obligated  to  contribute,  (iii)   that
     otherwise  covers any of the current or former employees  of
     the  Company or their beneficiaries, or (iv) as to which any
     current  or  former  employees  of  the  Company  or   their
     beneficiaries  participated or were entitled to  participate
     or  accrue  or  have  accrued any rights (each,  a  "Company
     Plan").

         (b)    Company  Group  Matters;  Funding.   Neither  the
     Company,  nor  any corporation that may be  aggregated  with
     the  Company under (section) 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of  the
     Code   (the   "Company  Group"),  has  any   obligation   to
     contribute  to,  or  any direct or indirect  liability  with
     respect  to,  any benefit plan subject to (section)  412  of
     the  Code.   The  Company does not have any  liability  and,
     after  Closing,  the  Company will not have  any  liability,
     with respect to any benefit plan of any other member of  the
     Company   Group,   whether  as  a   result   of   delinquent
     contributions,  distress termination,  fraudulent  transfer,
     failure  to  pay premiums to the PBGC, withdrawal  liability
     or   otherwise.   No  accumulated  funding  deficiency   (as
     defined in (section) 302 of ERISA and (section) 412  of  the
     Code)  exists nor has any funding waiver from the  IRS  been
     received  or requested with respect to any Company  Plan  or
     benefit plan of any member of the Company Group.  No  excise
     or  other  Tax  is due or owing because of  any  failure  to
     comply  with  the minimum funding standards of the  Code  or
     ERISA  with respect to any Company Plan or benefit  plan  of
     any member of the Company Group.

         (c)   Compliance.   Each of the Company  Plans  and  all
     related  trusts,  insurance contracts and  funds  have  been
     created,  maintained,  funded and administered  in  material
     compliance  with all applicable Laws and the  underlying  or
     applicable plan document, trust agreement, insurance  policy
     or  other  writing.   No Company Plan  is  or,  to  Sellers'
     knowledge,  is proposed to be, under audit or investigation.
     No  completed audit of any Company Plan has resulted in  the
     imposition  of  any  Tax, fine or  penalty.   There  are  no
     actions  or  proceedings  (other  than  routine  claims  for
     benefits)  pending,  threatened or, to  Sellers'  knowledge,
     anticipated with respect to the Company Plans.   No  Company
     Plan  covers  any  employees of any member  of  the  Company
     Group in any foreign country or territory.

         (d)    Qualified  Plans.   Schedule  3.27(d)  separately
     discloses  each Company Plan that purports to be a qualified
     plan  under  (section) 401(a) of the Code  and  exempt  from
     United  States federal income tax under (section) 501(a)  of
     the  Code (a "Qualified Plan").  A determination letter  (or
     opinion  or  notification letter, if  applicable)  has  been
     received  from the IRS for each Qualified Plan stating  that
     it is qualified under (section) 401(a) of the Code

                               14
<PAGE>

     and  exempt  from federal income tax under (section)  501(a)
     of  the  Code.  No member of the Company Group or  fiduciary
     of   any  Qualified  Plan  has  done  anything  that   would
     adversely  affect the qualified status of a  Qualified  Plan
     or the qualified status of any related trust.

         (e)   No Defined Benefit Plans.  Except as set forth  on
     Schedule 3.27(e), no Company Plan is a defined benefit  plan
     within  the meaning of (section) 3(35) of ERISA (a  "Defined
     Benefit  Plan").   No  Defined  Benefit  Plan  sponsored  or
     maintained  by  any  member of the Company  Group  has  been
     terminated  or  partially terminated  during  the  past  ten
     years,  except  as  set  forth on  Schedule  3.27(e).   Each
     Defined  Benefit Plan identified as terminated  on  Schedule
     3.27(e)   has   satisfied  the  requirement   for   standard
     termination of single-employer plans contained in  (section)
     4041(b)  of  ERISA.  During the five-year period  ending  on
     Closing,  no  member of the Company Group has transferred  a
     Defined Benefit Plan to a corporation that was not,  at  the
     time  of  transfer, related to the transferor in any  manner
     described in (section) 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

         (f)    Multiemployer  Plans.   No  Company  Plan  is   a
     multiemployer plan within the meaning of (section) 3(37)  or
     (section) 4001(a)(4) of ERISA (a "Multiemployer Plan").   No
     member   of  the  Company  Group  has  withdrawn  from   any
     Multiemployer Plan or incurred any withdrawal  liability  to
     or under any Multiemployer Plan.

                           ARTICLE IV
           REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

     Purchaser represents and warrants to Sellers as follows:

     4.01   Organization  and  Authorization.   Purchaser  is   a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under  the laws of the State of Texas and has all requisite power
and  authority to carry on and conduct its business as it is  now
being  conducted and to own or lease its properties  and  assets,
and  is  duly  qualified and in good standing in every  state  in
which  the  conduct  of its businesses or the  ownership  of  its
properties  and  assets requires it to be  so  qualified,  except
where the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse
effect.   Purchaser has the right, power and capacity to execute,
deliver  and  perform  this  Agreement  and  to  consummate   the
transactions  contemplated hereby.  The execution,  delivery  and
performance  of this Agreement by Purchaser and the  consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action on the part of Purchaser.  This
Agreement  has  been duly and validly executed and  delivered  by
Purchaser and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

     4.02 Investment Intent. Purchaser is acquiring the Stock for
its  own account for investment purposes only and not with a view
to  distributing  such Stock.  Purchaser is acquiring  the  Stock
hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

     4.03 No Conflict. Neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement  nor the consummation of the transactions  contemplated
will (a) result in the breach, violation or contravention of,  or
constitute a default under, or conflict with, or give rise  to  a
right  of termination of, or accelerate any obligation under  any
of  the  provisions  of  (i) any agreement,  lease,  note,  bond,
debenture or other evidence of indebtedness or any mortgage, deed
of trust,

                               15
<PAGE>

indenture or other instrument to which Purchaser is a party or by
which  any  of them is bound or to which any of their  assets  is
subject, (ii) any judgment, decree, order or award of any  court,
regulatory  agency or other governmental body  or  arbitrator  to
which  Purchaser  or  any of its assets is subject  or  by  which
Purchaser  is  bound or (iii) any statute, rule or regulation  or
other  law  applicable  to  Purchaser,  or  (iv)  result  in  the
violation  of the Organizational Documents of the Purchaser,  (b)
result  in  the  creation  of any pledge,  lien,  encumbrance  or
security  interest  upon any of its assets, or  (c)  require  the
authorization, approval, consent or order of, or filing with,  or
other   action   by  any  court,  regulatory  agency   or   other
governmental body.

     4.04 Affiliated Group. Purchaser is the common parent of  an
affiliated group of corporations (within the meaning of (section)
1504(a)  of  the Code) which files a consolidated federal  income
tax  return  and  will  include the Company in  the  consolidated
federal  income  tax  return which includes  the  day  after  the
Closing Date.

                            ARTICLE V
                            COVENANTS

     5.01  Conduct of Business. Until the earlier of  Closing  or
the  termination of this Agreement, Sellers shall not  cause  the
Company, without the prior written consent of Purchaser, to enter
into  any  material contractual agreements, or amend any existing
Material  Contracts,  or  make  any  commitments  regarding   the
business, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business.  Sellers
shall  cause the Company to carry on its business diligently  and
substantially in the manner as heretofore conducted.  By  way  of
illustration and not in limitation of the foregoing:

         (a)   The  Company's tangible assets shall be maintained
     in  their  present state or repair, ordinary wear  and  tear
     excepted,   and   Sellers  shall  use   their   commercially
     reasonable  efforts  to cause the Company  to  preserve  and
     keep  intact  its business organization, to  keep  available
     the  services  of its employees and preserve  for  Purchaser
     the  goodwill of its business and its relationships with its
     customers,  suppliers and others with whom it  has  business
     relations.   Sellers shall cause the Company to conduct  its
     business only in the Ordinary Course of Business.

         (b)   Without  the prior written consent  of  Purchaser,
     prior  to  Closing, Sellers shall not cause the  Company  to
     take  any actions not permitted under the covenants made  by
     Company  pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated  Loan
     and  Security  Agreement dated as of June 30,  2003  between
     LaSalle Business Credit, LLC and Company.

     5.02  Confidential Information.  Sellers and Purchaser  will
hold  in strict confidence and not disclose to third parties  any
data and information obtained from the other parties, except  (i)
to its sources of financing, lawyers and accountants, (ii) as may
be  required  by  law and (iii) except for certain  creditors  of
Sellers who have executed confidentiality agreements satisfactory
to  Purchaser, (iv) such information that was known by such party
prior  to such disclosure or was thereafter developed or obtained
by  such  party  independent  of  such  disclosure  or  (v)  such
information that becomes generally available to the public  other
than  by breach of this Section 5.02. Prior to any disclosure  of
information  pursuant  to the exception in  clause  (ii)  of  the
preceding  sentence,  the party intending to  disclose  the  same
shall so notify the party which

                               16
<PAGE>


provided  the name in order that such party may seek a protective
order or other appropriate remedy should it choose to do so.

     5.03 Brokerage Fees. Sellers shall indemnify Purchaser,  its
officers,   directors  and  shareholders  against  any   fee   or
commission  payable  to any broker, agent or finder  retained  by
Sellers  in  connection with the sale of the Stock to  Purchaser.
Purchaser  shall indemnify Sellers against any fee or  commission
payable  to any broker, agent or finder retained by Purchaser  in
connection with the purchase of the Stock by Purchaser.

     5.04  Exclusivity. Sellers agree that until  July  31,  2004
(unless  this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to Article
VIII),  neither they nor the Company nor its officers, directors,
shareholders,  agents  or representatives shall  enter  into  any
agreement,  understanding, negotiation  or  discussion  with  any
third  party  relating to the sale or other  disposition  of  the
Stock,  or  of the assets of the Company, except in the  Ordinary
Course of Business.

     5.05 Access and Information.


         (a)   Subsequent  to  the execution of  this  Agreement,
     Sellers  shall cooperate fully with Purchaser, shall  supply
     such   information  and  data  as  Purchaser  may   request,
     including  the  books and records, and the tax  returns  and
     filings  of  the  Company and shall, upon  reasonable  prior
     notice  to  Company,  permit  Purchaser's  auditors,   legal
     counsel and other authorized representatives access  at  the
     Company's  offices during regular business hours to  inspect
     and  investigate  the  Company's  tangible  assets  and  the
     Company's  records,  business,  operations  and  properties.
     Without  limiting the foregoing, between the  date  of  this
     Agreement  and  the Closing Date, the Company  shall  permit
     Purchaser's  senior officers to meet with  the  officers  of
     the  Company  responsible for the Financial  Statements  and
     the  internal  controls  of  the  Company  to  discuss  such
     matters  as  Purchaser  may  deem  reasonably  necessary  or
     appropriate  for Purchaser to satisfy its obligations  under
     (sections)  302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  of  2002
     and any rules and regulations relating thereto.

         (b)   In  addition, the Purchaser shall have  the  right
     to  have  the  real property and tangible personal  property
     owned  or operated by the Company inspected by the Purchaser
     and    Purchaser's    representatives   and    environmental
     consultants,  at  Purchaser's sole cost  and  expenses,  for
     purposes of determining the environmental condition of  such
     property  and  the compliance of the property  and  business
     with  Environmental Laws.  In the event that  subsurface  or
     other    invasive    testing   is   recommended    by    any
     representatives of Purchaser, Purchaser shall  be  permitted
     to  perform such testing subject to the following terms  and
     conditions:

               (1) Purchaser  shall advise Sellers of  the  basis
         for  any request to conduct subsurface or other invasive
         testing.

               (2) Purchaser  shall notify Sellers at  least  two
         (2)  business days in advance of any required access  to
         the property.

               (3) Purchaser   shall  consult   with   designated
         representatives  of  Sellers prior  to  undertaking  any
         testing or sampling which involves boring, drilling,  or
         similar  intrusive penetration of the soil or structures
         on the property.

                               17
<PAGE>

               (4) Purchaser agrees  to split  any  samples  that
         are  taken  of  environmental media at the property, and
         the Purchaser agrees to identify the parameters and test
         methods  which  will  be  utilized  in  analyzing   such
         sampling.

               (5) Purchaser  shall   assume  full responsibility
         for      proper       characterization,     manifesting,
         transportation, storage and disposal of any materials or
         wastes generated as a result of sampling by Purchaser.

               (6) Purchaser agrees, and will require its agents,
         consultants,  employees  and  contractors  to  agree  to
         comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules  and
         permits  pertaining to the property, including, but  not
         limited  to, the Occupational Health and Safety Act  and
         all  applicable  environmental laws, health  and  safety
         laws  and  regulations.  Sellers shall be a third  party
         beneficiary   of  such  agreements  by  the  Purchaser's
         agents, consultants, employees and contractors.

               (7) Upon   completion   of   its   investigations,
         Purchaser   shall  promptly  restore  the  property   to
         substantially the condition it was in prior to  engaging
         in   the   investigations,  including  the   repair   or
         replacement of any and all damage to the property.

               (8) Purchaser  agrees  to   indemnify   and   hold
         harmless  Company and Sellers from and against  any  and
         all    claims,    suits,   actions,   damages,    costs,
         liabilities,    obligations,    fines    or    penalties
         (collectively  "Claims") resulting from or  arising  out
         of  injury or death of any person, damage or loss to any
         property,  any non-compliance with paragraph (6)  above,
         or  any  damage  to the environment, resulting  from  or
         arising out of the performance of the investigations  by
         the    Purchaser   or   the   Purchaser's   consultants,
         contractors  or agents, except to the extent  that  such
         Claims  result from the negligence or willful misconduct
         of   the   Company   or  Sellers  or  their   respective
         employees, agents or contractors.  Sellers, the  Company
         and  Purchaser  recognize and agree that  the  Purchaser
         has neither created nor contributed to the existence  of
         any   regulated   substances  or   other   environmental
         conditions  on the property existing as of the  date  of
         this   Agreement,  and  that  (i)  by  virtue   of   the
         investigations   conducted  under  this   section,   the
         Purchaser  is not an owner or operator of the  Property,
         or  the  generator,  transporter,  storer,  treater,  or
         disposer  of any Regulated Material found or  identified
         at   the  Property,  and  (ii)  the  Purchaser  is   not
         undertaking  or  arranging for  the  handling,  removal,
         treatment,   storage,  transportation  or  disposal   of
         Regulated  Material found or identified at the Property,
         except  in  either  case with respect  to  the  specific
         materials  generated as the result  of  the  Purchaser's
         sampling  and  investigation work.   The  provisions  of
         this   paragraph  shall  survive  termination  of   this
         Agreement.

               (9) All data, reports and information derived from
         any  sampling  and  investigation  work  is  subject  to
         Section 5.02 of this Agreement.

    5.06  Expenses.  Purchaser and Sellers agree that  they  will
each  bear  and  pay  all  costs and expenses  incurred  by  them
respecting   the   transactions  contemplated  herein   and   all
investigations   and   proceedings   in   connection   therewith,
including,  without  limitation,  fees  and  expenses  of   their
respective counsel, accountants and advisors.

                               18
<PAGE>

    5.07  Tax Matters. The following provisions shall govern  the
allocation of responsibility as among the Purchaser, the  Company
and  the  Sellers for certain Tax matters following  the  Closing
Date:

         (a)    Pre-Closing  Tax  Periods.   The  Purchaser   and
     Company  shall  prepare or cause to be  prepared  and  shall
     timely  file  or cause to be filed all Tax Returns  for  the
     Company and each Company Subsidiary for all Pre-closing  Tax
     Periods  and Straddle Periods which are due (including  with
     extensions) after the Closing Date with the income  for  the
     Pre-Closing  Tax  Period  and the portion  of  any  straddle
     period  before the Effective Time determined  by  an  actual
     closing  of  the  Company's  books.   The  Purchaser   shall
     provide   copies  of  such  Tax  Returns   to   the   Seller
     Representative at least thirty (30) days prior to their  due
     date for their review and approval, such approval not to  be
     unreasonably  withheld.  If the Seller  Representative  does
     not  notify  Purchaser of any objections at least  ten  (10)
     days  prior  to the due date of such Tax Returns,  Purchaser
     may  file such returns.  The parties shall act in good faith
     to   resolve   any   objections  raised   by   the   Company
     Stockholders  and if not resolved within five  (5)  days  of
     the   due   date  such  objections  raised  by  the   Seller
     Representative   shall  be  resolved   by   an   independent
     accountant  mutually  agreeable  to  Purchaser  and   Seller
     Representative.  If such objections are not resolved by  the
     due  date  of  the Tax Return, Purchaser may file  such  Tax
     Return.   When  such objections are resolved, the  Purchaser
     shall  file  or cause to be filed an amended Tax  Return  as
     may  be  requested by Seller Representative  reflecting  the
     resolution   of  such  objections.   Except   as   otherwise
     required  by  applicable Law, such Tax Returns for  each  of
     Company and each Company Subsidiary shall be prepared  in  a
     manner  consistent with Tax Returns prepared  and  filed  by
     the  Company  prior to the Closing Date.  The Purchaser  and
     Company  shall be solely responsible for, and shall promptly
     pay,  all Taxes of the Company with respect to such  periods
     except  to the extent such Taxes are due to a breach of  the
     representation and warranty in Section 3.07(h) or (i).

         (b)     Tax   Refunds.   The   Purchaser   and   Company
     acknowledge and agree that any and all refunds of any  Taxes
     paid   by  the  Sellers  or  the  Company  and  any  Company
     Subsidiary,  respectively, in connection  with  all  periods
     ending  on or before the Closing Date shall be the  property
     of  the Sellers except to the extent such Taxes were paid by
     the  Purchaser  after  the Closing Date  and  such  refunds,
     including  interest  thereon paid by any  taxing  authority,
     net  of  any  additional Taxes imposed on the  Purchaser  or
     Company for any period occurring after the Closing Date  and
     which  are  attributable  to the receipt  of  such  refunds,
     shall  be  paid by the Purchaser and Company to the  Sellers
     promptly  after such refund is either received  or  credited
     against  such  liability of the Purchaser,  Company  or  the
     Company Subsidiary for Taxes.

         (d)   Amended Returns and Audit.  Purchaser and  Company
     acknowledge  that no amended Tax Returns may be  field  with
     respect  to  any  Pre-Closing Period of the Company  or  any
     Company  Subsidiary if such amended Tax Return will increase
     taxes  payable by the Company or any Company Subsidiary  for
     any  Pre-Closing  Period  or  by  the  Sellers  without  the
     written   consent   of   the  Seller   Representative.    No
     examination  or other proceeding concerning the tax  returns
     filed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary for any  Pre-
     Closing  Period  may be settled without the consent  of  the
     Seller

                               19
<PAGE>

     Representative  if such settlement will increase  the  taxes
     payable  by  the Sellers or their indemnification obligation
     under this Agreement.

         (e)   Cooperation  on Tax Matters.  The  Purchaser,  the
     Company  and the Sellers shall cooperate fully,  as  and  to
     the  extent  reasonably requested by  the  other  party,  in
     connection  with the preparation and filing of  Tax  Returns
     pursuant to this Section and any audit, litigation or  other
     proceeding  with  respect to Taxes. Such  cooperation  shall
     include  the retention and (upon the other party's  request)
     the   provision  of  records  and  information   which   are
     reasonably relevant to any such audit, litigation  or  other
     proceeding  and  making employees available  on  a  mutually
     convenient  basis  to  provide  additional  information  and
     explanation   of  any  material  provided  hereunder.    The
     Purchaser,  Company and the Sellers agree, upon request,  to
     use  their  commercially reasonable efforts  to  obtain  any
     certificate or other document from any government  authority
     as  may  be  necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate  any
     Tax  that  could be imposed (including, but not limited  to,
     with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder).

         (f)   Payment  of Shareholder Tax Distribution.   On  or
     before  December  31,  2004, Purchaser and  the  Shareholder
     Representative  shall  compute  the  Deemed  Tax  Due   with
     respect  to the Sellers in accordance with the ownership  of
     the  Company for the period from January 1, 2004 through the
     Effective  Date  (the  "Prior Ownership  Period").   In  the
     event that Purchaser and the Shareholder Representative  are
     unable to agree on the amount of the Deemed Tax Due for  the
     Prior  Ownership  Period, then the parties shall  refer  the
     determination  of  Deemed Tax Due to  a  mutually  agreeable
     independent  public accounting firm for resolution.   On  or
     before  January  1, 2005, Purchaser shall cause  Company  to
     distribute  to the Sellers that amount which  shall  be  the
     lesser  of: (i) the Deemed Tax Due for the Sellers  for  the
     Prior  Ownership Period; and (ii) the amount which had  been
     accrued  on  the  Company's books  and  records  as  of  the
     Effective  Date  as a reserve for taxes to be  paid  by  the
     Sellers.

         (g)    338(h)(10)  Election.   Purchaser   and   Company
     hereby  agree, and the Sellers hereby consent, that  at  the
     option  of  the Purchaser they shall elect to treat  any  or
     all  of  the transactions contemplated by this Agreement  in
     accordance with the provisions of (section) 338 of the  Code
     and  including  without limitation, (section) 338(h)(10)  of
     the  Code.  In the event, Purchaser exercises its option  to
     have  an  election under (section) 338(h)(10) of  the  Code,
     Purchaser,  Company  and  the  Sellers  further   agree   as
     follows:

         (i)   Purchaser, Company  and Sellers shall jointly make
               a  timely  election pursuant to the provisions  of
               (section)  338(h)(10) of the Code (the "Election")
               with  respect  to  the purchase and  sale  of  the
               Company  hereunder.  Purchaser and  Sellers  shall
               complete   and  execute  Form  8023  at   Closing.
               Purchaser, Sellers and Company agree to treat  the
               Election consistently.

         (ii)  Purchaser,  Company   and   Sellers    agree    to
               cooperate,   and   to   cause   their   respective
               Affiliates  to  cooperate,  with  the   other   in
               preparing, executing and filing any Tax forms  and
               other    documents   required   under    (section)
               338(h)(10)  of the Code and other applicable  laws
               and  regulations so that the Election will be made
               in  a  proper and timely manner.  Such cooperation
               shall

                               20
<PAGE>
               include  providing  all  information  and  records
               necessary in connection with such Tax forms.

         (iii) Purchaser  shall  provide  an  allocation  of  the
               Purchase Price among the assets of the Company  to
               the  Sellers  and Sellers and Purchaser  shall  be
               bound   by   such  allocation  for   purposes   of
               determining and reporting Taxes.

         (iv)  To the  extent permitted by state and local  laws,
               Purchaser  may make an election under sections  of
               State   and   local  Tax  Laws  corresponding   to
               (section)   338(h)(10)  of  the   Code   and   the
               principles and procedures of Paragraphs (i),  (ii)
               and  (iii)  above and (v) below shall  also  apply
               with  respect to elections filed for such purposes
               and  to  forms and related documents to  be  filed
               pursuant thereto.

         (v)   Seller shall increase the Purchase Price  by  such
               amounts as is necessary so that the Sellers  shall
               receive  the  same  amount net of  Taxes  as  they
               would  receive  net of Taxes if  no  Election  had
               been  made  (the "Election Adjustment").   Sellers
               shall     provide    the    Election    Adjustment
               calculation, based on the allocation  of  Purchase
               Price  provided  by Purchaser and the  actual  Tax
               rates  applicable  to  Sellers,  for  review   and
               comment  by Purchaser and, to the extent Purchaser
               disputes  such  Election  Adjustment  calculation,
               any   such  dispute  shall  be  resolved   by   an
               independent accounting firm mutually agreeable  to
               Sellers and Company.  Promptly, but no later  than
               five    (5)   business   days,   following   final
               determination   of   the   Election    Adjustment,
               Purchaser  shall pay the final Election Adjustment
               by  wire  transfer of immediately available  funds
               to  such  account(s) as directed by  the  Sellers.
               In  the  event  the allocation of  Purchase  Price
               among   the  assets  is  changed  by  any   Taxing
               Authority or otherwise such that it increases  the
               Taxes  of  Sellers  from  the  amounts  originally
               calculated, Seller Representative shall  recompute
               the  Election  amount and Purchaser will  pay  any
               additional  amount to Sellers within  15  days  of
               receipt of such calculation from Sellers.

     5.08 Update of Schedules. Company shall promptly disclose to
Purchaser  any  information contained in its representations  and
warranties or the Disclosure Schedules that is incomplete  or  is
no  longer  correct  as  of all times  after  the  date  of  this
Agreement until the Closing Date; provided, however, that none of
such  disclosures, to the extent Purchaser reasonably  determines
that such disclosure has or may have a material adverse effect on
the  Company, shall be deemed to modify, amend or supplement  the
representations  and  warranties of  Company  or  the  Disclosure
Schedules for the purposes of Article III, unless Purchaser shall
have  consented thereto in writing; provided, further, that   the
sole  remedy  to Purchaser if it fails or refuses to  consent  to
such an update shall be the right to terminate this Agreement  by
notice to Company within three (3) business days after receipt of
the revised Disclosure Schedules.

     5.09  Repayment of Certain Company Debt.  In accordance with
Section  2.02(b),  Purchaser shall repay the  entire  outstanding
principal and accrued interest of the Company Debt.

                               21
<PAGE>

     5.10 Regulation S-X Compliance.  Between the date hereof and
the  Closing,  the  Purchaser may, at its own cost  and  expense,
review   the  Financial  Statements  of  Company  and  make   all
arrangements   necessary   to  cause  the   Company's   Financial
Statements and books and records to be in compliance at or  after
the  Effective  Time  with  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
Regulation  S-X,  and Company shall cooperate with  Purchaser  in
making  any  such adjustments or modifications as  Purchaser  may
reasonably request in that regard.

     5.11  Information  For Proxy Statement.   The  Company  will
furnish  the  Purchaser  with  such  information  concerning  the
Company   and   the  Company's  Subsidiaries  as  Purchaser   may
reasonably  request  in connection with the  preparation  of  the
proxy  statement with respect to the merger contemplated  by  the
Merger Agreement. None of the information relating to the Company
and  the Company Subsidiary supplied by the Company for inclusion
in  such proxy statement will be false or misleading with respect
to  any  material  fact or will omit to state any  material  fact
required  to be stated therein or necessary in order to make  the
statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under  which
they  are  made, not misleading.  The Company agrees promptly  to
advise  Purchaser  if, at any time prior to the  meeting  of  the
stockholders of the Purchaser for the matters contained  in  such
proxy  statement, any information provided by it  in  such  proxy
statement  is or becomes incorrect or incomplete in any  material
respect  and to provide Purchaser with the information needed  to
correct such inaccuracy or omission.

                           ARTICLE VI
              CONDITIONS TO PURCHASER'S OBLIGATIONS

     6.01 Obligations of Purchaser.  The obligations of Purchaser
are  subject to the satisfaction or waiver at Closing of each  of
the following conditions:

         (a)   Representations and Warranties  True  at  Closing.
     Sellers'  representations and warranties contained  in  this
     Agreement shall be true in all material respects on  and  as
     of  Closing with the same force and effect as though made on
     and  as  of  such  date,  except those  representations  and
     warranties  that speak of an earlier date,  which  shall  be
     true  and  correct  in  all material  respects  as  of  such
     earlier  date  (it being understood that,  for  purposes  of
     determining   the  accuracy  of  such  representations   and
     warranties, any update of or modification to the  Disclosure
     Schedule made or purported to have been made after the  date
     of  this  Agreement  shall be disregarded).   Sellers  shall
     have   complied   in  all  material  respects   with   their
     respective covenants and agreements in this Agreement on  or
     before  Closing.  Sellers shall have delivered to  Purchaser
     a certificate dated as of Closing to all such effects.

         (b)   Litigation.   No  suit, investigation,  action  or
     other  proceeding  shall be threatened  or  pending  against
     Sellers  before any court or governmental agency  which  (i)
     could result in the restraint or prohibition of Sellers,  or
     the  obtaining  of  damages or other relief  from  any  such
     party,   in   connection   with  this   Agreement   or   the
     consummation  of  the  transactions contemplated  herein  or
     (ii)  an  order  materially  restricting  the  Company  from
     conducting its business as now being conducted.

         (c)   No  Material Adverse Changes.  The  Company  shall
     not  have  suffered  any  material  adverse  change  in  its
     businesses,  financial condition, working  capital,  assets,
     liabilities  (absolute, accrued, contingent,  or  otherwise)
     or operations.

                               22
<PAGE>
         (d)    Documents   Satisfactory.   All  instruments   of
     transfer  and other certificates and documents delivered  by
     Sellers  to  Purchaser  at  Closing  will  be  in  form  and
     substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to  Purchaser  and  its
     counsel.

         (e)      Required    Governmental    Approvals.      All
     governmental   authorizations,   consents,   and   approvals
     necessary   to   consummate  the  transactions  contemplated
     herein, including environmental permits and licenses,  shall
     have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect.

         (f)   Other  Necessary  Consents.   Sellers  shall  have
     obtained  all  other  consents and approvals  set  forth  on
     Schedule  6.01(f),  including  consents  of  lessors,  which
     shall  be  in form and substance satisfactory to  Purchaser,
     necessary   to   consummate  the  transactions  contemplated
     herein.

         (g)    Release  of  Liens.   At  Closing,  the  tangible
     assets   of  the  Company  shall  not  be  subject  to   any
     Encumbrance except for Permitted Encumbrances.

         (h)    Environmental  Reports.   Purchaser  shall   have
     received  an  environmental  site  assessment  report   with
     respect  to  the  real  properties and facilities  owned  or
     operated  by the Company (including a phase II environmental
     site  assessment report, to the extent deemed  necessary  by
     the  Purchaser in its sole discretion), which  report  shall
     be  acceptable  in  form and substance to Purchaser  in  its
     sole discretion, with a copy delivered to Sellers.

         (i)   Opinion  of  Sellers'  Counsel.   Purchaser  shall
     have  received the opinion of Sellers' counsel, which  shall
     be  in form and substance satisfactory to Purchaser and  its
     counsel.

         (k)   Resignations.   Sellers shall  have  delivered  to
     Purchaser   the   written  resignations  of  all   incumbent
     directors and officers of Company.

         (l)     Noncompetition   Agreement.    Each    of    the
     Indemnifying  Sellers shall have executed and  delivered  to
     Purchaser the Noncompetition Agreement substantially in  the
     form    of    Exhibit   6.01(m)   attached    hereto    (the
     "Noncompetition Agreement").

         (m)   Mutual  Release  and Waiver.  Sellers  shall  have
     executed  and  delivered to Purchaser a Mutual  Release  and
     Waiver  in  a form to be mutually agreed to between  Sellers
     and Purchaser (the "Release").

         (n)   Escrow  Agreement.  Sellers  shall  have  executed
     and  delivered to Purchaser an Escrow Agreement in the  form
     of    Exhibit   6.01(n)   attached   hereto   (the   "Escrow
     Agreement").

                           ARTICLE VII
               CONDITIONS TO SELLERS' OBLIGATIONS

                            23
<PAGE>

     7.01 Obligations of Sellers.  The obligations of Sellers are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver at Closing of each  of  the
following conditions:

         (a)   Representations and Warranties  True  at  Closing.
     Purchaser's  representations  and  warranties  contained  in
     this  Agreement  shall be true in all material  respects  on
     and  as  of Closing with the same force and effect as though
     made  on  and as of such date.  Purchaser will have complied
     in  all  material respects with its covenants and agreements
     in  this  Agreement on or before Closing.   Purchaser  shall
     have  delivered to Sellers a certificate dated as of Closing
     signed by an authorized officer to all such effects.

         (b)   Litigation.   No  suit, investigation,  action  or
     other  proceeding  shall be overtly  threatened  or  pending
     against  Purchaser  before any court or governmental  agency
     which  (i)  could result in the restraint or prohibition  of
     Purchaser, or the obtaining of damages or other relief  from
     any  such  party, in connection with this Agreement  or  the
     consummation  of  the  transactions contemplated  herein  or
     (ii)  an  order  restricting Purchaser from  conducting  the
     business of the Company as now being conducted.

         (c)   Opinion  of  Purchaser's Counsel.   Sellers  shall
     have  received  the  opinion of Purchaser's  counsel,  which
     shall  be in form and substance satisfactory to Sellers  and
     their counsel.

         (d)   Mutual  Release and Waiver.  Purchaser shall  have
     executed and delivered to Sellers the Release.

         (e)   Escrow  Agreement.  Purchaser shall have  executed
     and delivered to Sellers the Escrow Agreement.


                          ARTICLE VIII
                  TERMINATION PRIOR TO CLOSING

     8.01  Termination  of  Agreement.   This  Agreement  may  be
terminated at any time prior to Closing:

         (a)  By the mutual written consent of the parties;

         (b)  By   Sellers  in  writing,  without  liability,  if
     Purchaser  (i) fails to perform in any material respect  any
     act required at Closing, or (ii) materially breaches any  of
     its   representations,  warranties  or  covenants  in   this
     Agreement  which  breach of a covenant is not  cured  within
     ten  (10)  days  after Sellers shall have delivered  written
     notice to Purchaser of its breach of such covenant(s);

         (c)  By  Purchaser  in  writing, without  liability,  if
     Sellers  (i)  fails to perform in any material  respect  any
     act  required  on  or prior to Closing, or  (ii)  materially
     breaches   any  of  their  representations,  warranties   or
     covenants  in this Agreement which breach of a  covenant  is
     not  cured  within ten (10) days after Purchaser shall  have
     delivered written notice to Sellers of their breach of  such
     covenant(s); or

                               24
<PAGE>

         (d)   By  any  party in writing, without  liability,  if
     any  court or governmental or regulatory agency order, writ,
     injunction, or decree prohibits or restrains any party  from
     consummating the transactions contemplated here.

         (e)   By  any  party if the Closing has not occurred  on
     or  prior  to  July  31, 2004; provided, however,  that  the
     right  to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this  Section
     8.01(e) shall not be available to any party whose breach  of
     a  representation, warranty or covenant of this Agreement or
     failure  to  perform  any  of  its  obligations  under  this
     Agreement  results  in  the failure of  the  Closing  to  be
     consummated by such time.

     8.02   Termination  of  Obligations.   Termination  of  this
Agreement  pursuant  to this article will terminate  all  of  the
parties'  obligations, except for the obligations under  Sections
5.02,  5.04, 5.05 and 5.06 hereof.  However, termination pursuant
to  Sections 8.01(b) or (c) hereof will not relieve a  defaulting
or  breaching party from any liability to any other party.  After
this  Agreement  is  terminated, each party  will,  upon  written
request  from  any other party, return all documents  and  copies
previously  delivered  to  it or made  in  connection  with  this
Agreement.

                           ARTICLE IX
             INDEMNIFICATION; SURVIVAL; LIMITATIONS

     9.01  Indemnity  Agreement.  Certain  of  the  Sellers  have
entered into an Indemnity Agreement ("Indemnity Agreement") dated
June  25,  2004  with  Purchaser and Redwing Acquisition  Co.,  a
Delaware  limited liability company ("Merger Sub").   Purchaser's
sole remedy for a breach of a representation or warranty made  by
the Company or the Sellers in this Agreement shall be recourse to
the  indemnity made in the Indemnity Agreement by the Holders (as
that  term  is  defined  in the Indemnity Agreement).   With  the
exception of the obligations of the Sellers under Article  II  of
this  Agreement,  Purchaser's sole  remedy  for  a  breach  of  a
covenant  made  by the Company or the Sellers in  this  Agreement
shall  be  recourse  to  the  indemnity  made  in  the  Indemnity
Agreement by the Holders.

                            ARTICLE X
                    ENFORCEMENT; ARBITRATION

     10.01      Informal Mediation.  In the event of any  dispute
arising  out  of or relating to this Agreement or any  agreements
contemplated  hereby, including any question regarding  any  such
agreement's  existence,  validity  or  termination  (collectively
referred  to  herein as a "Dispute"), then prior  to  filing  any
arbitration  proceeding  as provided in  Section  10.02  of  this
Agreement,  party  intending to file such a proceeding  shall  be
required to notify the other party or parties in writing  of  the
existence and nature of the Dispute.  The party intending to file
such  a proceeding and the other party or parties each agree that
within  twenty (20) business days of the other party or  parties'
receipt  of such notice, the parties shall meet at the  principal
office  of  the Company, or other agreed place, for a minimum  of
two  (2)  consecutive eight (8) hour days in order to attempt  to
amicably   resolve   the  dispute.   If  such  informal   dispute
resolution efforts prove to be unsuccessful, the notifying  party
may initiate arbitration proceedings pursuant to Section 10.02 of
this Agreement.

                               25
<PAGE>

     10.02      Arbitration.   In the event  of  a  Dispute  that
cannot  be  resolved pursuant to the procedure in  Section  10.02
above,  then except as expressly provided in Section  10.02,  any
dispute  or  controversy arising between the  parties  to  or  in
connection  with  this  Agreement involving  the  interpretation,
application   and/or  enforcement  of  any  provision   of   this
agreement,  or arising out of this Agreement, shall be  submitted
to  for  arbitration  at  Dallas, Texas,  to  a  panel  of  three
arbitrators chosen from the list of arbitrators on Schedule 10.03
attached  hereto, each of whom are members of national accounting
firms,  and each of whom is qualified and experienced in  mergers
and   acquisitions  and/or  in  the  distributed  forms  printing
industry  and  who  shall  be  independent  of  the  parties  and
reasonably  experienced  in  conducting  arbitration  proceedings
relating  to  similar matters ("Arbitrators").  Such  arbitrators
shall  be selected by the agreement of the Company and Purchaser;
in  the  event that the Company and Purchaser cannot agree  on  a
panel  of  three Arbitrators, then the Company shall  select  one
Arbitrator,  Purchaser shall select one Arbitrator  and  the  two
Arbitrators  selected  by  the parties  shall  select  the  third
Arbitrator, with the selection of the Arbitrators by the  parties
to be made no later than twenty (20) days after the delivery of a
demand  by  the  other  party for arbitration  (the  "Arbitration
Notice").   Any  designated arbitrator shall  not  be  an  agent,
employee,  shareholder  or  affiliate  of  any  parties  to   the
arbitration, but as reasonably possible should be a  person  with
knowledge and experience in the type of dispute existing  between
the parties.

          (a)   The  arbitrator or arbitrators shall be  directed
     to  identify  the  prevailing party in the arbitration,  and
     the  non-prevailing party shall be responsible for the costs
     and   expenses   incurred  in  conducting  the   arbitration
     proceeding  provided  for in this Section  10.02,  including
     reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses.  In the event  that
     the  allegations  of damages for fraud is determined  to  be
     unfounded,  the  arbitration panel shall  assess  costs  and
     expenses  related to that unfounded allegation  against  the
     party  making the same allegation even if that party is  the
     prevailing party on other aspects of the arbitration.

          (b)   The  decision  of the arbitrator  or  arbitrators
     shall be final and binding on the parties.

                           ARTICLE XI
                          MISCELLANEOUS

     11.01      Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes  the
sole  understanding of the parties with respect  to  the  subject
matter  hereof.   This Agreement supersedes all prior  agreements
and  the understandings between the parties with respect to  such
subject   matter.    There   are   no   restrictions,   promises,
representations,  warranties, covenants, or  undertakings,  other
than  those  expressly  set  forth or  referred  to  herein.   No
amendment,  modification or alteration of the terms or provisions
of  this Agreement shall be binding unless the same shall  be  in
writing  and  duly executed by the parties hereto.   Any  of  the
terms or conditions of this Agreement may be waived in writing at
any  time  by the party that is entitled to the benefits thereof.
No  waiver  of any of the provisions of this Agreement  shall  be
deemed  to  or  shall constitute a waiver of any other  provision
hereof (whether or not similar).

     11.02       Parties  Bound  by  Agreement;  Successors   and
Assigns.  The terms, conditions and obligations of this Agreement
shall  inure  to the benefit of and be binding upon  the  parties
hereto

                               26
<PAGE>

and  the respective successors and assigns thereof.  Without  the
prior  written  consent  of the other party,  neither  party  may
assign  its rights, duties, or obligations hereunder or any  part
hereof to any other person or entity.

     11.03      Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed  in
one or more counterparts, each of which will for all purposes  be
deemed  to  be  an original and all of which will constitute  the
same instrument.

     11.04      Headings;  Interpretation.  The headings  of  the
Articles, Sections and Disclosure Schedules of this Agreement are
inserted  for  convenience  only  and  shall  not  be  deemed  to
constitute  part of this Agreement or to affect the  construction
hereof.   As used in this Agreement, (i) the term "person"  shall
mean and include an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a
corporation,   a   limited  liability  company,   a   trust,   an
association,   an  unincorporated  organization,  a  Governmental
Authority  and any other entity, (ii) unless otherwise  specified
herein,  the term "affiliate," with respect to any person,  shall
mean  and include any person controlling, controlled by or  under
common  control with such person, and (iii) the term  "including"
shall  mean  "including, without limitation". This  Agreement  is
being  entered  into  by  and among competent  and  sophisticated
parties  who  are experienced in business matters and represented
by  counsel  and  other advisors, and have been reviewed  by  the
parties  and  their counsel and other advisors.   Therefore,  any
ambiguous  language  in this Agreement will  not  necessarily  be
construed  against  any particular party as the  drafter  of  the
language

     11.05     Knowledge.  As used in this Agreement, "knowledge"
and  "to  the knowledge of" means actual knowledge of a Party  or
its affiliates or employees.

     11.06      Stock Transfer Taxes. Any stock transfer  tax  or
sales  or  other  tax due or to become due as  a  result  of  the
consummation  of  the transactions contemplated hereby  shall  be
borne  solely by, and paid to the appropriate taxing  authorities
by Purchaser.

     11.07     Sales Tax. Any sales or other tax due or to become
due   as  a  result  of  the  consummation  of  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby shall be borne solely by, and  paid  to  the
appropriate taxing authorities, by Purchaser.

     11.08      Notices.  Any  notice, request,  instruction,  or
other  document  to  be  given must be in writing  and  delivered
personally or sent by certified mail or by United States  Express
Mail, postage or fees prepaid, or by Federal Express as follows:

     If to Sellers to:   Crabar/GBF, Inc.
                         1129 Miamisburg-Centerville Road
                         Dayton, OH 45449-0125
                         Attention: Marshall Griffin

     with a copy to:     Gardner Carton & Douglas LLP
                         191 N. Wacker Drive
                         Suite 3700
                         Chicago, Illinois  60606-1698
                         Attention:  Kenneth Hartmann, Esq.

                               27
<PAGE>

     If to Purchaser to: Ennis, Inc.
                         2441 Presidential Parkway (287 East)
                         Midlothian, Texas
                         Attention: President

     with a copy to:     Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP
                         2828 N. Harwood St., Suite 1800
                         Dallas, Texas  75201
                         Attn:  Norman R. Miller, Esq.

Any  notice delivered personally in the manner provided here will
be  deemed  given  to the party to whom it is directed  upon  the
party's  (or  its agent's) actual receipt.  Any notice  addressed
and  mailed in the manner provided here will be deemed  given  to
the party to whom it is addressed at the close of business, local
time of the recipient, on the fourth (4th) business day after the
day  it  is placed in the mail or, if earlier, the time of actual
receipt.

     11.09      Public  Disclosure. Sellers shall not  issue  any
press  release  or  make  other public  statement  or  disclosure
concerning  the  transaction  contemplated  hereby,  without  the
consent  of  Purchaser  as  to the  content  and  the  manner  of
presentation and publication thereof.

     11.10      Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed  to
be  made in, and shall be interpreted, construed and governed  by
and  in  accordance with the internal laws of, the  Laws  of  the
State  of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts  of
law thereof.  Each of the Company, Purchaser and Purchaser hereby
irrevocably  and  unconditionally  consents  to  submit  to   the
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located  in  Dallas,
Texas  for  any  litigation arising out of or  relating  to  this
Agreement  and the transactions contemplated hereby  (and  agrees
not  to  commence any litigation relating thereto except in  such
courts), waives any objection to the laying of venue of any  such
litigation in such courts and agrees not to plead or claim in any
such  court that such litigation brought therein has been brought
in an inconvenient forum.

     11.11      Waiver of Compliance; Consents.  Any  failure  of
Company,  Purchaser  or Sellers to comply  with  any  obligation,
covenant,  agreement or condition herein may  be  waived  by  the
other  party,  only by a written instrument signed by  the  party
granting  such waiver, but such waiver or failure to insist  upon
strict  compliance with such obligation, covenant,  agreement  or
condition  shall  not operate as a waiver of,  or  estoppel  with
respect  to,  any  subsequent  or other  failure.  Whenever  this
Agreement  requires or permits consent by or  on  behalf  of  any
party  hereto, such consent shall be given in writing in a manner
consistent  with the requirements for a waiver of  compliance  as
set forth in this Section 11.11.

     11.12      Severability.   In case  any  provision  in  this
Agreement  shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable  in  a
jurisdiction, such provision shall be modified or deleted, as  to
the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent necessary to render
the same valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity, legality
and  enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall  not
in  any  way  be  affected  or impaired  thereby  nor  shall  the
validity,  legality  or  enforceability  of  such  provision   be
affected thereby in any other jurisdiction.

     11.13      Specific  Performance. The parties  hereto  agree
that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of  the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance

                               28
<PAGE>

with   their   specific   terms  or  were   otherwise   breached.
Accordingly, the parties further agree that each party  shall  be
entitled  to  an  injunction  or  restraining  order  to  prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the  terms
and  provisions hereof in any court of the United States  or  any
state  having jurisdiction, this being in addition to  any  other
right  or  remedy to which such party may be entitled under  this
Agreement, at law or in equity.

     11.14     Third Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement
or  in  any  instrument  or document executed  by  any  party  in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall create
any rights in, or be deemed to have been executed for the benefit
of, any person or entity that is not a party hereto or thereto or
a successor or permitted assign of such a party.

     11.15     Disclosure Schedules.  The Company, Purchaser  and
Sellers  acknowledge that the Disclosure Schedules (i) relate  to
certain   matters   concerning  the  disclosures   required   and
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) are  qualified
in  their  entirety by reference to specific provisions  of  this
Agreement and (iii) are not intended to constitute and shall  not
be  construed  as indicating that such matter is required  to  be
disclosed, nor shall such disclosure be construed as an admission
that such information is material with respect to the Company  or
Purchaser.

                           ARTICLE XII
                          DEFINED TERMS

     12.01      For  purposes  of this Agreement,  the  following
terms  have the meanings specified or referred to in this Section
12.01:

"A/R  Basket"  -  an  amount equal to five percent  (5%)  of  the
aggregate amount of the Receivables.

"Code" - the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any successor  law,
and  regulations  issued  by the IRS  pursuant  to  the  Internal
Revenue Code or any successor law.

"Company  Subsidiary"  -  Centrum/GBF  LLC,  a  Delaware  limited
liability company, which is wholly-owned by Company.

"Damages"  -  shall  mean  any  loss,  liability,  claim,  damage
(including  incidental and consequential damages), or  diminution
of  value, whether or not involving a third-party claim  and  the
Enforcement Costs associated therewith.

"Deemed  Tax Due" - means the product of: (i) the taxable  income
of  the  Company in the Prior Ownership Period; and (ii)  the  42
percent (42%).  In no event shall the Deemed Tax Due be an amount
less than zero.

"Disclosure Schedule" - means the schedules delivered by  Company
to  Purchaser as of the date of this Agreement that set forth the
exceptions  to  the representations and warranties  contained  in
Article  III  and certain other information called  for  by  this
Agreement.

"Encumbrance"  - any charge, claim, community property  interest,
condition,  equitable  interest, lien, option,  pledge,  security
interest,  right of first refusal, or restriction  of  any  kind,
including

                               29
<PAGE>

any  restriction on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income,  or
exercise of any other attribute of ownership.

"Enforcement  Costs"  -  shall  mean  all  reasonable  costs   of
investigation  and  defense and reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and
expenses.

"Environmental Laws" - mean any law relating to protection of the
environmental,  natural resources, or public or  employee  health
and  safety,  or  relating  to the production,  generation,  use,
storage, treatment processing, transportation disposal or release
of  Regulated Materials, including common law trespass, nuisance,
property damages and similar common law theories.

"Environmental  Liability"  - means any  claims,  loss  or  other
liability  imposed upon or arising under any Environmental  Laws,
including  those  consisting of or  relating  to  any:  (i)  duty
imposed  by,  breach of or noncompliance with  any  Environmental
Laws,  (ii) environmental, health or safety matters or conditions
(including on-site or off-site contamination, occupational safety
and   health  and  regulation  of  Regulated  Materials);   (iii)
environmental  remedial  actions; (iv) bodily  injury  (including
illness,   disability  and  death),  property  damage  (including
trespass, nuisance, wrongful eviction, and deprivation of the use
of real or personal property); (v) any injury to, destruction of,
or  loss  of natural resources, or costs of any natural  resource
damage  assessments;  (vi) Hazardous Activity  conducted  by  any
person;  and  (vii)  the  presence or release  of  any  Regulated
Material at or on any property.

"ERISA"  - means the Employee Retirement Income Security  Act  of
1974, as amended.

"Fault Termination" - means a termination of the Merger Agreement
pursuant to any of the following:

     (i)   pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(ii);

     (ii)  pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(iii); or

     (iii) by  Company pursuant to Section 7.1(d) as a result  of
           a    material   breach   by   the   Purchaser   of   a
           representation,   warranty   or   covenant   in    the
           Agreement,  which breach of a covenant  is  not  cured
           within   ten  (10)  days  after  Sellers  shall   have
           delivered  written notice to Purchaser of  its  breach
           of such covenant(s).

      For  purposes  of the definition of Fault Termination,  all
defined terms used in this definition shall have the meanings set
forth  in the Merger Agreement, and all section references  shall
refer to such sections of the Merger Agreement.

"GAAP"  - generally accepted United States accounting principles,
consistently applied.

"Governmental Authority" - any:

         (a)    nation,  state,  county,  city,  town,   village,
     district, or other jurisdiction of any nature;

         (b)   federal,  state,  local,  municipal,  foreign,  or
     other   government;   governmental   or

                               30
<PAGE>
     quasi-governmental  authority  of  any nature (including any
     governmental   agency,   branch,  department,  official,  or
     entity and  any  court  or other tribunal); or

         (c)   body  exercising,  or entitled  to  exercise,  any
     administrative,  executive, judicial,  legislative,  police,
     regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature.

"Governmental  Authorization" - any approval,  consent,  license,
permit, waiver, or other authorization issued, granted, given, or
otherwise  made  available  by or  under  the  authority  of  any
Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Law.

"Hazardous   Activity"  -  means  the  distribution,  generation,
handling,   importing,  management,  manufacturing,   processing,
production,     refinement,    release,    storage,     transfer,
transportation, treatment or use of Regulated Materials  in,  on,
under, about, or from any property or facility or any part of any
property  or  facility into the environment, and any  other  act,
business, operation, or thing that increases the danger, or  risk
of  danger, or poses a risk of harm to persons or property on  or
off  any  property or facility, or that may adversely affect  the
value of any property, facility or the Company.

"Inventory Basket" - an amount equal to five percent (5%) of  the
inventory of the Company set forth on the Interim Balance Sheet.

"IRS"  -  the  United  States Internal  Revenue  Service  or  any
successor agency, and, to the extent relevant, the United  States
Department of the Treasury.

"Law"   -   any   federal,  state,  local,  municipal,   foreign,
international,  multinational,  or  other  administrative  order,
constitution,   law,   ordinance,  principle   of   common   law,
regulation, statute, or treaty.

"Merger  Agreement" - that certain Agreement and Plan  of  Merger
dated as of June 25, 2004 by and among Centrum Acquisition, Inc.,
Purchaser and [Merger Sub].

"Noncompetition Consideration" - means the sum of $100,000, to be
paid  in accordance with, and as consideration for, the agreement
of  certain  of  the  Sellers to enter  into  the  Noncompetition
Agreement.

"Ordinary Course of Business" - an action taken by a Person  will
be deemed to have been taken in the "Ordinary Course of Business"
only if such action is consistent with the past practices of such
Person  and is taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-
day operations of such Person.

"Organizational Documents" - (a) the articles or  certificate  of
incorporation   and  the  bylaws  of  a  corporation;   (b)   the
partnership  agreement  and any statement  of  partnership  of  a
general  partnership; (c) the certificate of  formation  and  the
operating  agreement  of  a limited liability  company;  (d)  the
limited  partnership  agreement and the  certificate  of  limited
partnership of a limited partnership; (e) any charter or  similar
document  adopted  or  filed  in connection  with  the  creation,
formation, or organization of a Person; and (f) any amendment  to
any of the foregoing.

"PBGC"  - means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or  any
successor thereto.

                               31
<PAGE>

"Permitted  Encumbrance" - means (i) liens for  current  real  or
personal  property taxes and installments for special assessments
and  other governmental charges which are not yet due and payable
or  which may thereafter be paid without penalty, (ii) liens  and
rights  of third parties disclosed in Schedule 12.01(b) including
pursuant to existing leases, licenses and possession or occupancy
agreements,   (iii)   worker's   compensation,   carrier's    and
materialmen's liens, (iv) liens that are immaterial in character,
amount  and  extent, and which do not detract from the  value  or
interfere with the present or proposed use of the properties they
affect, (v) easements, rights of way, encroachments, restrictions
or  similar  conditions  affecting or burdening  the  owned  Real
Property  which individually or in the aggregate do  not  detract
materially from the use or value of the owned Real Property, (vi)
any conditions that would be showed by a current, accurate survey
or  physical inspection of the owned Real Property, (vii) zoning,
building, fire, health, environmental and pollution control laws,
ordinances,  rules  and  safety  regulations  and  other  similar
restrictions, (viii) acts done, or suffered to be  done  by,  and
judgments  against, Purchaser and those claiming by,  through  or
under  Purchaser,  (ix) any and all orders,  decrees,  awards  or
judgments   related  to  any  eminent  domain   or   condemnation
proceedings,  and (x) consigned tooling, equipment inventory  and
production fixtures.

"Pre-Closing Tax Period" - means any Tax period ending before the
Closing  Date or on or before the Closing Date if an election  is
made under (section) 338(h)(10) of the Code; and, with respect to
a  Tax period that begins on or before the Closing Date and  ends
thereafter, the portion of such Tax period ending at  12:00  a.m.
on the Closing Date.

"Proceeding"  -  shall  mean  any  action,  arbitration,   audit,
hearing,  investigation,  litigation,  or  suit  (whether  civil,
criminal,  administrative, investigative, or informal) commenced,
brought,   conducted,  or  heard  by  or  before,  or   otherwise
involving, any Governmental Authority or arbitrator.

"Regulated  Material"  -  means any (i)  hazardous  substance  as
defined  by  any  Environmental  Laws,  (ii)  any  petroleum   or
petroleum  product,  oil  or waste oil;  (iii)  any  asbestos  or
polychlorinated  byphenyls; (iv) any  hazardous  material,  toxic
substance,   toxic  pollutant,  solid  waste,  municipal   waste,
industrial   waste,   hazardous   waste,   flammable    material,
radioactive  material,  pollutant  or  contaminant  or  words  of
similar  meaning  and  regulatory  effect  under  any  applicable
Environmental  Laws;  and (v) any other  chemical,  material,  or
substance   exposure  to  which  or  whose  discharge,  emission,
disposal  or  release is prohibited, limited, or regulated  under
any  applicable Environmental Law. "Regulated Material"  includes
any mixture or solution of the foregoing, and all derivatives  or
synthetic substitutes of the foregoing.

"Representative"  -  shall  mean with  respect  to  a  particular
Person,  any  director,  officer,  employee,  agent,  consultant,
advisor, or other representative of such Person, including  legal
counsel, accountants, and financial advisors.

"Seller  Representative" - means John McLinden, or any  successor
Seller  Representative  as elected by  a  majority  vote  of  the
Sellers.

"Subsidiary"  -  with respect to any Person  (the  "Owner"),  any
corporation  or  other  Person  of  which  securities  or   other
interests  having  the  power  to  elect  a  majority   of   that
corporation's  or  other Person's board of directors  or  similar
governing body, or otherwise having the power to

                               32
<PAGE>

direct  the  business and policies of that corporation  or  other
Person  (other  than  securities or other interests  having  such
power  only  upon  the happening of a contingency  that  has  not
occurred)  are  held  by  the  Owner  or  one  or  more  of   its
Subsidiaries; when used without reference to a particular Person,
"Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Company.

"Tax"  -  means any tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or  other
like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, imposed by  any
governmental  authority  (including,  but  not  limited  to,  any
federal,  state,  local,  foreign  or  provincial  income,  gross
receipts,  property,  sales,  use,  license,  excise,  franchise,
employment,  payroll, alternative or added minimum,  ad  valorem,
transfer  or excise tax) together with any interest, addition  or
penalty imposed thereon.

"Tax  Return"  -  any return (including any information  return),
report,  statement, schedule, notice, form, or other document  or
information filed with or submitted to, or required to  be  filed
with  or  submitted to, any governmental authority in  connection
with the determination, assessment, collection, or payment of any
Tax or in connection with the administration, implementation,  or
enforcement of or compliance with any law relating to any Tax.

     12.02      For  purposes  of this Agreement,  the  following
terms  have the meanings specified or referred to in the  Section
of the Agreement as referenced below:


       Defined Term                        Location
       ------------                        --------
       Agreement                           Preamble
       Balance Sheet                       (section) 3.04
       Basket Cap                          (section) 9.04(c)
       Cash Amount                         (section) 1.02
       CERCLA                              (section) 3.15(e)
       Claims                              (section) 5.05(b)(8)
       Closing                             (section) 1.01
       Closing Date                        (section) 2.01
       Company                             Preamble
       Company Debt                        (section) 1.02
       Company Group                       (section) 3.27(b)
       Company Plan                        (section) 3.27(a)
       Damage Claim                        (section) 9.02(b)
       Damage Claim Notice                 (section) 9.02(b)
       Damages Floor                       (section) 9.04(b)
       Debt Adjustment                     (section) 2.01(b)
       Defined Benefit Plan                (section) 3.27(e)
       Disagreement Notice                 (section) 9.05(a)
       Effective Time                      (section) 2.01
       Election                            (section) 5.07(h)(i)
       Election Adjustment                 (section) 5.07(h)(v)
       Employees                           (section) 3.19
       Escrow Agreement                    (section) 6.01(n)
       FASB 5                              (section) 3.12

                               33
<PAGE>

       Final Company Debt                  (section) 2.01(b)
       Final Damage Claim Date             (section) 9.03
       Financial Statements                (section) 3.04
       First Anniversary Pending Claims    (section) 9.04(c)
       Holdback Amount                     (section) 2.02(a)
       Indemnified Persons                 (section) 9.02(a)
       Interim Balance Sheet               (section) 3.04
       Material Contracts                  (section) 3.13
       Material Supplier/Customer          (section) 3.16
       Multiemployer Plan                  (section) 3.27(f)
       Noncompetition Agreement            (section) 6.01(l)
       Off balance sheet arrangements      (section) 3.05
       PCB Equipment                       (section) 3.15(g)
       Pending Matter                      (section) 9.04(e)
       Prior Ownership Period              (section) 5.07(f)
       Purchase Price                      (section) 1.02
       Qualified Plan                      (section) 3.27(d)
       Real Property                       (section) 3.22
       Receivable                          (section) 3.21
       Regulated Asbestos Containing
         Material                          (section) 3.15(g)
       Related Party                       (section) 3.25
       Release                             (section) 6.01(m)
       Second Year Cap                     (section) 9.04(c)
       Seller Damage Claim                 (section) 9.03(b)
       Seller Indemnified Person           (section) 9.03(a)
       Sellers                             Preamble
       Set-Off Demand                      (section) 9.05(a)
       Stock                               Recitals


                    [signature page follows]







                               34
<PAGE>
     IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this  Agreement
to be duly executed and delivered as of the date hereof.

PURCHASER:                         COMPANY:

ENNIS, INC.,			CRABAR/GBF, INC.,
a Texas corporation   		an Illinois corporation



By: /s/ Keith S. Walters      	By:  /s/ Roger Brown
    ------------------------        ------------------------------
Name: Keith S. Walters          Name:  Roger Brown
Its:  Chairman, President	Title: President
      and CEO


                                  /s/ Laurence Ashkin
                                  --------------------------------
                                  Laurence Ashkin


                                  /s/ Roger Brown
                                  --------------------------------
                                  Roger Brown


                                  /s/ John McLinden
                                  --------------------------------
                                  John McLinden


                                  /s/ Arthur Slaven
                                  --------------------------------
                                  Arthur Slaven


                                  /s/ Laurence Ashkin
                                  --------------------------------
                                  Laurence Ashkin, as Trustee of
                                  the Nancy Smith Trust dated
		  		  June 8, 2003


                                  /s/ Laurence Ashkin
                                  --------------------------------
                                  Laurence Ashkin, as Trustee of
                                  the Evan Ashkin Trust dated
				  June 8, 2003


                                  /s/ Laurence Ashkin
                                  --------------------------------
                                  Laurence Ashkin, as Trustee of
                                  the Gary Ashkin Trust dated
				  June 9, 2003


                               35

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
