 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER DATED APRIL 23,
2002    EXHIBIT 2.1      AGREEMENT   AND   PLAN OF MERGER  
AMONG   COMPANY,   BUYER,   BUYER SUB   AND   INDEMNIFYING
STOCKHOLDERS   DATED AS OF APRIL 23, 2002     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (the "Agreement"), dated as
of April 23, 2002, among Core-Mark International, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), Fleming Companies, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation
("Buyer"), Platform Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Buyer ("Buyer Sub") and all of the Company\'s stockholders as
set forth on the signature pages hereto (each an "Indemnifying Stockholder"
and collectively the "Indemnifying Stockholders").   WHEREAS, the
respective boards of directors of Buyer, Buyer Sub and the Company, and the
stockholders of Buyer Sub and the Company, have approved this Agreement and
have determined that the merger of Buyer Sub with and into the Company on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (the
"Merger"), with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Buyer,
is advisable and in the best interests of their respective corporations and
stockholders.   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, all stockholders of the Company are entering into non-compete
agreements with Buyer and the Company in the forms attached hereto as
Exhibits A-1 and A-2 (the "Non-Compete Agreements").   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and other
agreements of Buyer, Buyer Sub, the Company and Indemnifying Stockholders
contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:   ARTICLE
I.  DEFINITIONS   Section 1.1 Definitions.   (a) The following terms,
whenever used herein, shall have the following meanings for all purposes of
this Agreement.   "Acquired Company" means each of the Company and
the Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Acquired Companies").   "Agreement"
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Ancillary
Agreements" means the Certificate of Merger, the Escrow Agreement, the Non-
Compete Agreements and other agreements, certificates and documents required
hereunder to consummate the Closing.   "Antitrust Law" means any law of the
United States or Canada governing competition, monopolies or restrictive
trade practices, including without limitation, the Sherman Act, the Clayton
Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the HSR Act and the Competition Act,
in each case including any rules and regulations thereunder.    "ARC"
means written confirmation from the Commissioner of Competition pursuant to
section 102 of the Competition Act stating that he would not have sufficient
grounds on which to apply to the Competition Tribunal for an order in respect
of the transactions contemplated herein.   "Balance Sheet" means the audited
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries as at December
31, 2001.   "Balance Sheet Date" means December 31, 2001.   "Books and
Records" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.24 of this Agreement.  
"Broker" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18 of this Agreement.  
"Brokerage Fee" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18 of this
Agreement.   "Business Day" means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday
or other day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are
authorized or required by law or executive order to close.   "Buyer" has
the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Buyer
Confidentiality Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(b) of
this Agreement.   "Buyer Sub" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to
this Agreement.   "Buyer Sub Common Stock" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement.   "Buyer\'s knowledge" means the actual
knowledge of any of the directors or executive officers of the Buyer or Buyer
Sub and the knowledge that such directors or officers should have had after
reasonable inquiry.   "Canadian Business" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.16(e) of this Agreement.   "Canadian Employee Plans" means all
the employee benefit, fringe benefit, supplemental unemployment benefit,
bonus, incentive, profit sharing, termination, change of control, pension,
retirement, stock option, stock purchase, stock appreciation, health,
welfare, medical, dental, disability, life insurance and similar plans,
programs, arrangements or practices relating to current or former Canadian
employees maintained by the Company and which plan is not subject to ERISA or
the Code.   "Canadian Investment Review Authority" means the
Investment Review Division of the Department of Industry Canada, including
its staff, and the Minister.     2    "Cash" means cash and cash
equivalents held by the Acquired Companies at the Effective Time.  
"Certificate of Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 of this
Agreement.   "Certificates" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a)
of this Agreement.   "Claim" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.3(a)
of this Agreement.   "Claim Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section
11.3(a) of this Agreement.   "Closing" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.3 of this Agreement.   "Closing Consideration" has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.1(a) of this Agreement.   "Closing Date" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement.   "Code" means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.   "Commissioner" has the meaning set forth in
Section 8.4(b)(ii) of this Agreement.   "Common Stock" means the voting
common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company.   "Company" has the
meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Company SEC
Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9 to this Agreement.  
"Company\'s knowledge" means the actual knowledge of any of the directors or
officers of the Company identified on Schedule 1.1 and the knowledge that
such directors and officers should have had after reasonable inquiry.  
"Competition Act" means the Competition Act (Canada), R.S.C. 1985 c.C-34, as
amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.   "Covered Person" has
the meaning set forth in Section 7.5(a) of this Agreement.   "date hereof"
and "date of this Agreement" means April 23, 2002.   "Deutsche Bank" has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.5 of this Agreement.   "DGCL" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.   "Dispute Notice" has
the meaning set forth in Section 11.3(b) of this Agreement.   "Effective
Time" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 of this Agreement.    
3    "Encumbrance" means any claim, lien (statutory or
otherwise), judgment, pledge, escrow, option, liability, charge, easement,
restrictive covenant, security interest, assignment, deed of trust, right of
first refusal, mortgage, hypothecation, right-of-way, encroachment, building
or use restriction, encumbrance or other right of third parties, whether
voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or any other arrangement
or condition which, in substance, secures payment or performance of an
obligation, and includes, without limitation, any agreement to give any of
the foregoing in the future, and any contingent or conditional sales
agreement or other title retention agreement or arrangement or lease in the
nature thereof or the filing of, or agreement to give any financing
statement, under the laws of any jurisdiction.   "Environmental Claims"
means any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits,
demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notice of noncompliance or violation,
investigations or proceedings arising under any Environmental Law.  
"Environmental Laws" means any United States, Canadian or other applicable
jurisdiction\'s federal, state, provincial, local, municipal or foreign
statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law
and any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof including any
judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to the
environment, health, safety or any chemical, material or substance,
exposure to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any Governmental
Authority.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.17(b) of this Agreement.   "Escrow Account" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.7 of this Agreement.   "Escrow Agent" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.7 of this Agreement.   "Escrow Agreement" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.7 of this Agreement.   "Escrow Amount" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.7 of this Agreement.   "Escrow Assets"
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2(b) of this Agreement.   "Escrow
Recipients" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7 of this Agreement.  
"Exchange Act" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9 of this
Agreement.   "Financial Statements" means the consolidated balance sheet
of the Company and the Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2001, and the
related consolidated statements of income, common stockholders\' equity
(deficit) and cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2001, in each case
certified by Deloitte and Touche LLP, independent certified public accountants,
whose opinion thereon is included therewith, together with the notes and
schedules thereto.   "GAAP" means United States generally accepted
accounting principles.     4    "Governmental Authority" means any
nation or government, any state, province or other political subdivision
thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory
or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including the
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or any other government authority,
agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality of the United States
or Canada, any other foreign government, any state of the United States or
province of Canada or any political subdivision thereof, and any court
tribunal or arbitrator(s) of competent jurisdiction, and any governmental or
non-governmental self-regulatory organization, agency or authority.  
"Government Antitrust Authority" means the United States Federal Trade
Commission, the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Antitrust
Division of the United States Department of Justice, the Canadian Competition
Bureau or any other domestic or Canadian or other foreign government or
governmental agency or its staff, with jurisdiction under any Antitrust
Law over Buyer, Buyer Sub, the Company, any Subsidiary or the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement.   "Handling" means the
production, use, generation, emission, storage, treatment, transportation,
recycling, disposal, discharge, release, or other handling or disposition of
any kind of any Substance.   "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   "ICA" means the Investment Canada Act, R.S.C. 1985, c.28
(1st supp.) and the rules and regulations thereunder.   "Indebtedness"
means all indebtedness of any Acquired Company for borrowed money, whether
current, short-term, or long-term, secured or unsecured, including without
limitation, the Notes and all capitalized leases.   "Indemnified Persons"
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1 of this Agreement.  
"Indemnifying Stockholder" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
Agreement.   "Indemnitor" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.3(a)
of this Agreement.   "Indenture" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6
of this Agreement.   "Insurance Policies" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.21 of this Agreement.   "Intellectual Property Rights" has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.8(b)(i) of this Agreement.   "Inventory"
means all items of food and grocery products including, without limitation,
bread and dairy products; frozen and refrigerated food and beverage products;
fresh and prepared meats and poultry; produce, including fresh fruits and
vegetables; shelf stable food     5   and beverage products, including
canned and other types of packaged products; staple foods, which include
salt, sugar, flour, sauces, spices, coffee and tea; sundry other grocery
products; non-food items such as soaps, detergents, paper goods and other
household products; health and beauty aids and general merchandise; supplies;
tobacco products; candy products; automobile products; and other convenience
store products.   "IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue
Service.   "Lazard" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18 of
this Agreement.   "Lease Estoppels" has the meaning set forth in Section
7.11 of this Agreement.   "Leased Properties" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.22 of this Agreement.   "Losses" has the meaning set forth in
Section 11.1 of this Agreement.   "Material Adverse Effect" means any
condition or change having, or which would reasonably be expected to have,
(a) a material adverse effect upon the assets, business, prospects, financial
condition or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole or (b) a material adverse effect on the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that
"Material Adverse Effect" shall not include any change, effect, condition,
event or circumstance arising out of or attributable to (i) changes, effects,
conditions, events or circumstances that generally affect the industries in
which the Acquired Companies operate (including legal and regulatory changes)
or (ii) general economic conditions.   "Material Contracts" has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.12 of this Agreement.   "Merger" has the meaning set
forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Minister" means such member of
the Queen\'s Privy Council for Canada as is designated by the Governor in
Council as the Minister for purposes of the ICA.   "Non-Compete Agreements"
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Notes"
means any of the issued and outstanding 11-3/8% Senior Subordinated Notes of
the Company, due September 15, 2003.   "Note Holder" means any holder of a
Note as of the time of redemption of such Note.   "Operating Site" means
any property owned, leased or used at any time by the Company or any
Subsidiary (or an affiliate of the Company), including offsite disposal
facilities.   "Options" means the outstanding options issued by the
Company to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Company\'s Stock Option
Plan.     6    "Option Consideration" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.6 of this Agreement.   "PCBs" has the meaning set forth in the
definition of Substance.   "Pension Plan" means each "employee pension
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is sponsored by the
Company or any Subsidiary with respect to employees, directors or any other
service providers, past and/or present, of the Company or any Subsidiary.  
"Permits" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15 of this Agreement.  
"Permitted Liens" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 to this
Agreement.   "Person" means any person or entity, whether an
individual, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited
liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, business association,
firm, joint venture, or Governmental Authority.   "Pre-Closing Periods" has
the meaning set forth in Section 11.5(a) of this Agreement.   "Proposed
Competing Transactions" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.8 of this
Agreement.   "Purchase Consideration" means (i) if the Closing Date
occurs on or before June 30, 2002, $295,000,000 (two hundred ninety-five
million dollars) minus the total value of all transaction fees and expenses
incurred by the Company for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
whether paid or unpaid as of the Closing Date (the "Transaction Fees") or
(ii) if the Closing Date occurs after June 30, 2002, $302,000,000 (three
hundred two million dollars) minus Transaction Fees.   "Receivables
Facility" means the facility entered into by the Company on April 1, 1998 as
amended, to securitize its U.S. trade accounts receivable portfolio.  
"Resolved Dispute Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.3(c) of
this Agreement.   "SEC" has the meaning set forth in the definition
of Governmental Authority.   "Securities Act" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.9 to this Agreement.   "Shares" means collectively, the Common
Stock, representing 100% of the outstanding capital stock of the Company.  
"Stockholder Representative" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(a) of
this Agreement.   "Straddle Period" has the meaning set forth in Section
11.5(b) of this Agreement.     7    "Subsidiary" means an entity which
the Company directly or indirectly owns or has the power to vote shares of
any capital stock or other ownership interests having voting power to elect a
majority of the directors of such corporation, or other persons performing
similar functions of such entity, as the case may be.   "Substance" means
any "contaminant," "dangerous good," "deleterious substance," "hazardous
material," "hazardous substance," "hazardous waste," "pollutant," "special
waste" or "toxic substance," as defined by the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq., the
Resources Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et. seq., the
Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.
Section 7401 et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. Section
2601 et seq., the Canadian Environmental Protection Act (Canada), the
Fisheries Act (Canada), the Transportation of Dangerous Goods Act, 1992
(Canada), the Waste Management Act (British Columbia), the Transport
of Dangerous Goods Act (British Columbia), the Environmental Protection
and Enhancement Act (Alberta), the Dangerous Goods and Transportation Act
(Alberta), the Contaminated Sites Remediation Act (Manitoba), the Dangerous
Goods Handling and Transportation Act (Manitoba) or the Environment Act
(Manitoba) and regulations promulgated thereunder (or any analogous state,
provincial and local laws and regulations), petroleum and petroleum products,
polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs") or asbestos.   "Surviving Corporation"
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.   "Surviving
Corporation By-laws" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6 of this
Agreement.   "Surviving Corporation Certificate" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.5 of this Agreement.   "Surviving Corporation Common
Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement.  
"Tax" or "Taxes" means any federal, state, provincial, local or foreign
income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise, goods and
services, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall
profits, environmental, customs duties, capital stock, franchise, profits,
withholding, social security, unemployment, disability, real property,
personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration, value added,
alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind
whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether
disputed or not.   "Tax Reserves" has the meaning set forth in Section
11.5(a) of this Agreement.   "Tax Return" means any return, declaration,
report, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating to
Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any
amendment thereof.     8    "Transaction Fees" has the meaning set
forth in the definition of Purchase Consideration.   "Welfare Plan" means
(i) each "employee welfare benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(1) of
ERISA; (ii) any stock option, incentive, or deferred compensation or bonus
plan or arrangement; and (iii) any severance plan or arrangement, in each
case which is sponsored by the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to
employees, directors or any other service providers, past and/or present, of
the Company or any Subsidiary.   (b) All references herein to dollars or "$"
shall be to United States dollars.   ARTICLE II.  THE MERGER   Section
2.1 Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware (the "DGCL"), at the Effective Time, Buyer Sub shall be merged with
and into the Company, whereupon the Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation (sometimes referred to herein as the "Surviving Corporation") and
the separate corporate existence of Buyer Sub shall cease.   Section 2.2
Effective Time. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, a
certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") shall be duly prepared,
executed and acknowledged by the Surviving Corporation and thereafter filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on the Closing Date (as
defined in Section 2.3). The Merger shall become effective as of the date and
at such time as the Certificate of Merger, pursuant to Section 251 of the
DGCL, and any other documents necessary to effect the Merger in accordance
with the DGCL are duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware or at such subsequent date or time as shall be agreed by the
Company and the Buyer and specified in the Certificate of Merger and in
accordance with the DGCL (the time the Merger becomes effective pursuant to
the DGCL being referred to herein as the "Effective Time").   Section 2.3
Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions to
closing contained in Articles VIII and IX hereof, the closing of the Merger
(the "Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m., San Francisco time, on the
second Business Day (as defined below) after the satisfaction or waiver of
the conditions to Closing contained in Articles VIII and IX (other than
those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but
subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions), at the offices of
Latham and Watkins, 505 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California, unless
another date or place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto;
provided, however, that Buyer, at its sole discretion, may extend at any time
and from time to time the date of Closing to a date up to and including
September 16, 2002 to fulfill its financial capability obligations set forth
in Section 7.10 but not later than twenty Business Days after Buyer has
received funding of at least (i) $150,000,000 through a private or public
sale of equity securities, or (ii) $500,000,000 through any combination of
the incurrence of new debt and a private or public sale of equity securities.
The date and time at which the Closing occurs is referred to herein as the
"Closing Date."     9    Section 2.4 Effects of the Merger. The Merger
shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL, including Section 259 of the
DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto,
at the Effective Time, all properties, rights, privileges, powers and
franchises of the Company and Buyer Sub shall vest in the Surviving
Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Buyer
Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving
Corporation.   Section 2.5 Certificate of Incorporation. The Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be amended and restated in its entirety at the Effective Time to
read as set forth in Exhibit B, and as so amended and restated shall be the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation (the "Surviving
Corporation Certificate"), until amended in accordance with the terms thereof
and with applicable law.   Section 2.6 By-laws. The By-laws of the Buyer
Sub in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be amended and
restated in their entirety at the Effective Time to read as set forth in
Exhibit C, and as so amended and restated shall be the By-laws of the
Surviving Corporation (the "Surviving Corporation By-laws") unless and until
altered, amended or repealed as provided by law, the Surviving Corporation
Certificate or the Surviving Corporation By-laws.   Section 2.7 Officers
and Directors. The officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until their
successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, or as otherwise
provided in the Surviving Corporation By-laws. The directors of the Buyer Sub
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of Surviving
Corporation until their successors shall have been duly elected
and qualified, or as otherwise provided in the Surviving Corporation
Certificate, the Surviving Corporation By-laws or as otherwise provided by
applicable law.   ARTICLE III.  CONVERSION   Section 3.1 Conversion. As
of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of the holder of any share of Common Stock or of the holder of any share
of capital stock of the Buyer Sub:   (a) Each share of the Common Stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Closing
Consideration. The "Closing Consideration" shall be the amount determined by
dividing (a) the sum of (i) the Purchase Consideration plus (ii) the
aggregate exercise price of all Options outstanding as of the Effective Time
by (b) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the
Effective Time and the number of shares of Common Stock subject to Options as
of the Effective Time. All certificates or other instruments representing
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time ("Certificates") shall, by virtue of the Merger, cease to have
any rights with respect to such Certificates except the right to receive,
upon surrender thereof, their portion of the Purchase Consideration. At the
Effective Time, each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to
the Effective Time     10   (all of which shares will be converted into
the right to receive the Purchase Consideration) shall be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist.   (b) At the Effective Time, each share of
common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Buyer Sub (the "Buyer Sub Common
Stock"), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time,
shall be converted into, and become the right to receive, one (1) share of
the common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation Common Stock"). Immediately upon such conversion into
shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock, each share of Buyer Sub Common
Stock shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist.   (c) Each
share of Common Stock which shall be held in the treasury of the Company, at
the Effective Time, shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to
exist.   (d) As of the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of
the Company shall be closed.   Section 3.2 Exchange of Certificates. As of
the Effective Time, Buyer shall be responsible for the payment of the Closing
Consideration, for the benefit of the holders of shares of Common Stock, all
in cash in immediately available same day funds, and for the payment of the
Option Consideration (as defined in Section 3.6), for the benefit of the
holders of the Options, by certified cashiers check.   Section 3.3 Exchange
Procedures. Immediately after the Effective Time, each holder of any
outstanding Certificate which, prior thereto, represented shares of Common
Stock and each holder of an Option shall, upon surrender and delivery to the
Buyer of such Certificate, in the case of Common Stock, and properly executed
exercise and sale notice, in the case of an Option, be entitled to receive on
the day of surrender (if surrendered on the day of the Effective Time) or the
next Business Day following surrender (if surrendered after the day of the
Effective Time) the Closing Consideration (less the portion thereof delivered
to the Escrow Agent) for each share of Common Stock represented by such
Certificate so surrendered, and the Option Consideration in the case of each
Option with respect to which an exercise and sale notice is so delivered. If
the Closing Consideration is to be paid to any Person other than the Person
in whose name the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is registered,
it shall be a condition to such exchange that the Certificate so surrendered
shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and
that the Person requesting such exchange shall pay to the Buyer any transfer
or other taxes required by reason of the payment of such consideration to a
Person other than the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered,
or shall establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Buyer that such tax
has been paid or is not applicable. Subsequent to the Effective Time, there
shall be no further transfer on the records of the Company of Certificates
and, if Certificates are presented to the Company for transfer, they shall be
canceled against delivery of the Closing Consideration as provided for
herein. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 3.3, each
Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent
only the right to receive upon such surrender the Closing Consideration, as
contemplated by Section 3.1(a). No interest will be paid or will accrue on
any cash payable as Closing Consideration or Option Consideration.    
11    Section 3.4 Letter of Transmittal. Prior to the Effective Time (but
in no event less than ten (10) days prior thereto), the Company shall mail to
each record holder of Certificates and Options (i) a letter of transmittal
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates
to the Buyer and shall be in such form and have such customary provisions as
Buyer may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in surrendering
such certificates or delivering an exercise and sale notice, as the case may
be, and receiving the consideration to which such holder shall be entitled
therefor pursuant to the terms thereof or Section(s) 3.1, and 3.6, as the
case may be.   Section 3.5 No Further Ownership Rights in Common Stock. The
Closing Consideration paid upon the surrender of Certificates and the
Option Consideration paid upon delivery to the Company of the exercise
notices relating thereto in accordance with the terms of this Article III,
shall be deemed to be full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the
shares of Common Stock theretofore represented by such Certificates and
Options.   Section 3.6 Options and Related Matters. At the Effective Time,
and without any further action by the Company, the Buyer or the
Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, each unvested Option shall
automatically vest and each holder of an Option that is so vested or is
otherwise outstanding, vested and exercisable immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be entitled to receive, for each share of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of such Option, an amount in cash (the "Option
Consideration") equal to the excess, if any, of the Closing Consideration
over the per share exercise price of such Option, without interest. The
amounts payable pursuant to this Section 3.6 shall be subject to all
applicable withholding of taxes. After the Effective Time, no holder of an
Option shall have any rights except as set forth above.   Section 3.7
Escrow.   (a) At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver an aggregate
of $15,000,000 (fifteen million dollars) of the Purchase Consideration (the
"Escrow Amount") to an escrow account (the "Escrow Account") with an escrow
agent (the "Escrow Agent") on behalf of the holders of Common Stock (pro rata
on the basis of the number of shares of Common Stock held by each such
holder). The Escrow Amount shall be held by the Escrow Agent pursuant to the
terms of an escrow agreement, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit D
to this Agreement (the "Escrow Agreement"), for the satisfaction of claims
for indemnification made by the Buyer pursuant to Article XI of this
Agreement. Upon receipt by the Escrow Agent of any interest or other amounts
received on the Escrow Amount, the Escrow Agent shall distribute such amounts
as follows: (i) ninety-five percent to the Indemnifying Stockholders of the
Company (the "Escrow Recipients") pro rata in accordance with their interests
in the Escrow Amount; and (ii) five percent to Buyer.   (b) Release of the
Escrow Fund.   (i) Promptly following the first anniversary of the Closing
Date (the "Release Date"), the Escrow Agent shall distribute to
each Indemnifying Stockholder such Indemnifying Stockholder\'s pro rata share
of the Escrow Amount plus any additional amounts paid into the Escrow Account
pursuant to Section 11.5(c) hereof less the amount of Claims which have been
made by or on behalf of one or more Indemnified Persons for     
12   indemnification pursuant to Section 11.1 hereof which have been
determined to be valid pursuant to Section 11.3 hereof (the "Resolved
Claims"), and the amount of any Claims made by or on behalf of Indemnified
Persons on or prior to the Release Date for indemnification pursuant to
Section 11.1 hereof which have not yet been determined to be invalid pursuant
to Section 11.3 hereof (the "Unresolved Claims"). Buyer shall be entitled to
all amounts by which the Escrow Amount and distributions from the Escrow
Amount are reduced on account of Resolved Claims.   In the event an
Unresolved Claim is determined to be valid pursuant to Section 11.3 hereof,
Buyer shall be entitled to all amounts by which the distributions from the
Escrow Amount were reduced on account of such Unresolved Claim. In the event
an Unresolved Claim is determined to be invalid pursuant to Section 11.3
hereof following the first anniversary of the Closing Date, Buyer shall
distribute the amount by which the distributions from the Escrow Amount were
reduced on account of such Unresolved Claim to the Indemnifying Stockholders
who would have received such amount if distributions from the Escrow Amount
had not been so reduced.   Section 3.8 Stockholder Representative.   (a)
Jupiter Partners L.P. is hereby appointed and constituted the "Stockholder
Representative" under this Agreement, and as such shall serve as agent for
and have all powers as attorney-in-fact of each Indemnifying Stockholder, for
and on behalf of each Indemnifying Stockholder, to take the following actions
in connection with the negotiation, settlement and compromise of
indemnification claims pursuant to Article XI of this Agreement and
the release of any Escrow Amount in connection therewith: to give and
receive notices of communications; to agree to, negotiate or enter into
settlements and compromises of and comply with orders of courts with respect
to any disputes involving any claims made by Buyer, the Surviving Company or
the Indemnifying Stockholders under this Agreement; to sign receipts,
consents or other documents; and to take all actions necessary or appropriate
in the judgment of the Stockholder Representative in connection with the
foregoing.   (b) If the Stockholder Representative elects to resign as
Stockholder Representative for any reason, the Stockholder Representative
shall notify Buyer of its intent to resign, and the Indemnifying Stockholders
representing an ownership interest in a majority of the Escrow Amount shall,
by written notice to Buyer, appoint a successor Stockholder Representative
within five (5) business days thereafter.   (c) Notice or communications to
or from the Stockholder Representative pursuant to this Section 3.8 (with a
copy of any notices to the Indemnifying Stockholders) shall constitute notice
to or from each of the Indemnifying Stockholders.   (d) A decision, act,
consent or instruction of the Stockholder Representative pursuant to this
Section 3.8 shall constitute a decision, act, consent or instruction of each
and all of the Indemnifying Stockholders, and shall be final, binding and
conclusive upon each and all of the Indemnifying Stockholders, and each of
Buyer and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to rely upon any
decision, act, consent or instruction of the Stockholder Representative as
being the decision, act, consent or instruction of each and all of the
Stockholders, and each of     13   Buyer and the Surviving Corporation
shall be relieved from any liability to any Person for any acts done by them
in accordance with such decision, act, consent or instruction.   (e) The
Stockholder Representative shall not be liable for any act done or omitted
hereunder as Stockholder Representative except for the commission of actual
fraud or willful misconduct. The Indemnifying Stockholders on whose behalf
the Escrow Amount was deposited into the Escrow Account shall severally
indemnify the Stockholder Representative and hold the
Stockholder Representative harmless against any damages or expenses incurred
without bad faith on the part of the Stockholder Representative and arising
out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the
Stockholder Representative\'s duties hereunder, including the reasonable fees
and expenses of any legal counsel retained by the Stockholder
Representative.   ARTICLE IV.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY   The Company represents and warrants to Buyer and Buyer Sub
as follows:   Section 4.1 Organization and Qualification. Each of the
Acquired Companies is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, with all
corporate or other power and authority necessary to own, lease and operate
its properties and carry on its business as currently owned or conducted.
Each of the Acquired Companies is in good standing as a foreign corporation
and is duly licensed or qualified to transact business in each jurisdiction
in which the ownership of property or the conduct of its business requires
such qualification or license, except where the failure to be so licensed or
qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to Buyer complete and correct
copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws, or other equivalent
organizational documents, each as currently in effect, of the Company and
each Subsidiary. None of the Acquired Companies is in violation of any of its
respective organizational documents.   Section 4.2 Capitalization.   (a)
As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of the Company
consists of 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 5,500,000 shares are
issued and outstanding. The outstanding shares of Common Stock are owned of
record by the Company stockholders and in the respective amounts set forth on
Schedule 4.2(a). No additional shares of capital stock of the Company will be
issued after the date hereof except for shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of Options outstanding on the date hereof. There are no shares
of Common Stock or other capital stock or equity securities of the Company
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding and no outstanding options,
warrants, convertible or exchangeable securities, subscriptions,
rights (including any preemptive rights), Indebtedness, stock appreciation
rights, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever to which the Company
is a party or may be bound requiring the issuance or sale of shares of any
capital stock of the Company except for the obligation of the Company to
issue 267,500 shares of Common Stock upon exercise of Options. Schedule
4.2(a) sets forth for each outstanding Option (i) the name of     
14   the holder, (ii) the number of shares of capital stock issuable upon
exercise of such Option and (iii) the exercise price.   (b) All of the
issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly
authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable, and are
free of any preemptive rights in respect thereto. All outstanding Company
securities have been issued in compliance with the applicable state,
provincial and federal securities laws. The stock ledgers and related records
provided by the Company to the Buyer are complete and accurate in all
material respects. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.2(b), there are
no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company (i) restricting the
transfer of, (ii) affecting the voting rights of, (iii) requiring the
repurchase, redemption or disposition of, or containing any right of first
refusal with respect to, (iv) requiring the registration or sale of, or (v)
granting any preemptive or antidilutive right with respect to, any shares of
Common Stock or any capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the
Company.   Section 4.3 Subsidiaries. The Company\'s only direct or
indirect Subsidiaries are listed in Schedule 4.3(a). The outstanding shares
of capital stock of each Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly
issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are, except as set forth on
Schedule 4.3(b), owned by the Company, directly or through one or more
Subsidiaries, free and clear of any lien, charge, encumbrance, claim, pledge,
option, right of first refusal, agreement, limitation on the Company\'s or
other Subsidiary\'s voting rights, or other security interest. There are no
shares of capital stock or other equity securities of any Subsidiary issued,
reserved for issuance or outstanding and no outstanding options, warrants,
convertible or exchangeable securities, subscriptions, rights (including any
preemptive rights), Indebtedness, stock appreciation rights, calls or
commitments of any character whatsoever to which the Company on any
Subsidiary is a party or may be bound requiring the issuance or sale of
shares of any capital stock of any Subsidiary.   Section 4.4 Binding
Obligation. The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to
execute this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, to perform its
obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements. This Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements have been duly and validly authorized by all
required corporate action on the part of the Company and its stockholders and
no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary
to authorize this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.
This Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements have been duly executed and
delivered by the Company and, assuming that this Agreement constitutes a
valid and binding obligation of Buyer and Buyer Sub, constitutes the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability
thereof may be limited by: (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws from time to time in
effect affecting generally the enforcement of creditors\' rights and
remedies; and (ii) general principles of equity.   Section 4.5 No Defaults
or Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements by the Company, performance by the Company of its obligations
hereunder and thereunder and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and     15   thereby: (i) do not result in any
violation of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or other equivalent
organizational document, of any Acquired Company; and (ii) except as set
forth in Schedule 4.5, as of the Effective Time, do not require any consent
or approval under, do not conflict with, or result in a breach of any of the
terms or provisions of or any loss of benefit under, or constitute a default
under, or give to others any right of termination, vesting, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation or imposition of
any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of any Acquired
Company under: (A) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
lease, license, permit or other instrument or obligation to which such
Acquired Company is a party or by which it may be bound or to which a portion
of its respective properties may be subject; or (B) any existing applicable
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Acquired Company or any
of its respective properties or assets; provided, however, that no
representation or warranty is made in the foregoing clause (ii) with respect
to matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 4.6 No
Governmental Authorization or Consent Required. Except for expiration or
termination of the applicable waiting periods under, or receipt of approval
under, the HSR Act, the Competition Act and the ICA, and except as set forth
in Schedule 4.6, no consent, order, authorization or approval or other action
by, and no notice or disclosure to or filing with, any Governmental Authority
or Government Antitrust Authority will be required to be obtained or made by
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries in connection with the due execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby;
provided, however, that no representation and warranty is made with respect
to authorizations, approvals, notices or filings with any Governmental
Authority, Government Antitrust Authority or Canadian Investment Review
Authority that, if not obtained or made, would not, individually or in the
aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 4.6A. ICA. The
Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not engage in, or provide any
services related to, any of the activities specified in subsection 14.1(5) of
the ICA.   Section 4.7 Title to Properties; Liens. The Company or a
Subsidiary has good and valid title to or a valid and binding leasehold
interest in the property and assets reflected on the balance sheet included
in the Financial Statements (other than (x) the Intellectual Property Rights
referred to in Section 4.8, (y) the Real Property referred to in Section 4.22
and (z) property and assets disposed of, or subject to purchase or sales
orders, in the ordinary course of business since December 31, 2001) free and
clear of all liens or encumbrances, except: (i) as set forth on Schedule 4.7;
(ii) any liens or encumbrances disclosed in the Financial Statements; (iii)
liens or encumbrances for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges
not yet due and payable or due but not delinquent or being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings; (iv) mechanics\', workmen\'s, repairmen\'s,
warehousemen\'s, carriers\' or other like liens or encumbrances arising or
incurred in the ordinary course of business, and equipment leases with third
parties entered into in the ordinary course of business (all items included
in (i) through (iv) are referred to collectively herein as the "Permitted
Liens"). Except for Permitted Liens, all such properties and assets are free
and clear of liens or encumbrances of any kind. All equipment of the Company
used in connection with the operation of its business is in good operating
condition      16   and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and
not in need of repair, other than ordinary and routine repairs. The assets of
Company are sufficient in all material respects for the operation of the
business of Company as presently conducted.   Section 4.8 Intellectual
Property.   (a) Schedule 4.8(a) sets forth all Intellectual Property Rights
(as defined below) filed by, or issued or registered to, the
Acquired Companies and all material intellectual property license agreements
to which any of the Acquired Companies is a party.   (b) (i) Except as set
forth on Schedule 4.8(b), the Acquired Companies own, or possess licenses or
other valid rights to use, all United States and Canadian patents, trademarks
(registered or unregistered), trade names, service marks, copyrights and
applications and registrations therefor, trade secrets and other intellectual
property, whether or not subject to statutory registration or protection,
which are material to the conduct of the business of the Acquired Companies
taken as a whole (the "Intellectual Property Rights"), (ii) the validity of
the Intellectual Property Rights and the title or rights to use thereof of
the Acquired Companies is not being challenged in any action, claim,
investigation, arbitration, litigation or other proceeding to which any of
the Acquired Companies is a party, nor to the Company\'s knowledge, is any
such action, claim, investigation, arbitration, litigation or
other proceeding threatened, (iii) to the Company\'s knowledge, no Person is
materially infringing upon or violating any of the Intellectual Property
Rights, (iv) there have been no written claims or assertions made by others
that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has infringed any intellectual
property rights of others in the preceding three year period and, to the
Company\'s knowledge, there have been no infringements by the Company or its
Subsidiaries during this period, and (v) the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements by the Company and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not
breach, violate or conflict with any instrument or agreement concerning the
Intellectual Property Rights, will not cause the forfeiture or termination or
give rise to a right of forfeiture or termination of any Intellectual
Property Rights or impair the right of Buyer or Buyer Sub to make, use, sell,
license or dispose of, or to bring any action for the infringement of, any
Intellectual Property Rights.   Section 4.9 SEC Filings. The Company has
timely filed all registration statements, prospectuses, forms, reports,
definitive proxy statements, schedules and documents required to be filed by
it under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), as the case may be (collectively,
the "Company SEC Documents"). The Company has made available to Buyer a
complete copy of any amendments or modifications which have not yet been
filed with the SEC or any documents which previously had been filed by the
Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. As
of their respective filing dates, the Company SEC Documents complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
the Securities Act and none of the Company SEC Documents, as of their
respective filing dates, contained any untrue statement of material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances in which
they were made, not misleading.     17    Section 4.10 Financial
Statements. The consolidated balance sheets included in the Financial
Statements (copies of which have been provided to Buyer), fairly present, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Acquired
Companies as of their respective dates, and the other related statements
included in the Financial Statements fairly present, in all material
respects, the results of their consolidated operations and cash flows for the
periods indicated, in each case in accordance with GAAP applied on
a consistent basis, with only such deviations from such accounting
principles and/or their consistent application as are referred to in the
notes to the Financial Statements. Except as and to the extent set forth on
the consolidated balance sheets of the Acquired Companies, including the
notes thereto, none of the Acquired Companies has any liabilities or
obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise) that would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet or in
notes thereto prepared in accordance with GAAP, except for liabilities or
obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business since December 31,
2001 that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 4.11 Absence of Certain Changes
or Events.   (a) Since the Balance Sheet Date, except as disclosed
on Schedule 4.11(a), there has not been any condition, event or occurrence
that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in a Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.11(b) and except for
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, since the Balance Sheet
Date, the Acquired Companies have not:   (i) created, incurred, assumed or
guaranteed any Indebtedness or become subject to any liabilities of a type
required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP,
except Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under the
Company\'s existing credit facilities and other liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of business;   (ii) subjected any of its assets to any lien
or encumbrance except Permitted Liens outside the ordinary course of
business;   (iii) with respect to the business of the Acquired Companies
taken as a whole, conducted business in any material respects outside the
ordinary course of business;   (iv) sold, assigned or transferred any amount
of assets except for (x) accounts receivable sold pursuant to the
Receivables Facility, (y) the sale in the ordinary course of business of
inventory, and (z) the sale in the ordinary course of business of equipment
or other personal property no longer necessary for the business;   (v)
suffered any extraordinary losses not covered by insurance material to the
Acquired Companies, taken as a whole, or forgiven or canceled any claims
material to the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole;     18    (vi)
increased the compensation, bonuses, or benefits payable or to become payable
by the Acquired Companies to any of their directors, officers or employees,
except for increases in the ordinary course of business or as required under
any existing employment agreements or established any new employee benefit
plans;   (vii) suffered any work stoppage or labor dispute material to any
of the Acquired Companies\' distribution centers;   (viii) declared or paid
any dividends or made any distributions with respect to the shares of capital
stock of the Company and no such shares have been redeemed or repurchased by
the Company;   (ix) changed in any material respects any of the accounting
principles followed by them or the methods of applying such principles,
unless such change was required by a change in GAAP;   (x) other than in the
ordinary course of business, failed to (i) replace or replenish inventory as
such inventory may have been depleted from time to time, (ii) collect
accounts receivable, (iii) pay accounts payable, or (iv) otherwise manage its
working capital accounts consistent with past practice; or   (xi) entered
into any agreement or commitment to do any of the foregoing.   Section 4.12
Contracts. Schedule 4.12(a) lists or describes all material contracts or
arrangements ("Material Contracts") to which any Acquired Company is a party
or to which its assets, property or business are bound or subject as of the
date hereof, including: (i) any obligation by such Acquired Company involving
an amount or value of more than $250,000 in any year, excluding customer or
supplier obligations, incentives, rebates, marketing, promotional or other
payments to customers or suppliers made in the ordinary course of business;
(ii) any "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K); (iii) any contract which involves an amount or value in
excess of $250,000 and is not cancelable in 30 days without
penalty, excluding customer or supplier contracts related to incentives,
rebates, marketing, promotional or other arrangements with customers or
suppliers made in the ordinary course of business; (iv) any contract
containing any non-compete or exclusivity provision with respect to any line
of business or geographic area with respect to any Acquired Company; (v) any
contract not made in the ordinary course of business; (vi) any loan
agreement, promissory note issued by the Company, guarantee, subordination or
similar type of agreement; (vii) any agreement or contract with any
stockholder, officer, director, employee, member, consultant or agent of any
Acquired Company (other than employment agreements covered by Section 4.16
below); (viii) any contract with a customer listed on Schedule 4.28 hereto;
and (viii) any leases for real property. Except as set forth on Schedule
4.12(b), each Material Contract is valid and binding on the Acquired Company
party thereto and, to the Company\'s knowledge, each other party thereto, and
is in full force and effect, and, to the Company\'s knowledge, none of the
Acquired Companies is in breach thereof or default thereunder and there does
not exist under any thereof any event which, with the giving of notice or the
lapse of time, would constitute such a breach or default, except for
such breaches, defaults and events as to which requisite waivers or     
19   consents have been obtained and which would not reasonably be
expected, in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the
Company\'s knowledge, no party with whom any Acquired Company has entered
into a Material Contract is in default thereunder, other than those defaults
which in the aggregate have no reasonable likelihood of having a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.12(b), no consent is
required of any party with whom any Acquired Company has an agreement
required to be listed on Schedule 4.12(a) to perform the obligations under
the Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and, upon consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, each agreement listed on Schedule 4.12(a)
will continue to entitle the Acquired Companies to the rights and benefits
specified in such agreements, except as set forth on Schedule 4.12(c).  
Section 4.13 Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.13(a), there are
no claims, actions or legal proceedings pending, or to the
Company\'s knowledge, threatened against the Acquired Companies or any of
their properties or assets before any Governmental Authority against or
involving any Acquired Company, or for which any Acquired Company is
obligated to indemnify a third party that, individually or in the aggregate,
could be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company has not received any written notice that the Acquired Companies or
any of their properties or assets are subject to any order, judgment,
injunction or decree of any Governmental Authority, except for such notices
that, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Schedule 4.13(b) sets forth a list of all claims, actions or
legal proceedings pending, or to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened against
the Acquired Companies or any of their properties or assets before any
Governmental Authority against or involving any Acquired Company, or for
which any Acquired Company is obligated to indemnify a third party.  
Section 4.14 Tax Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14:   (a) all
United States federal income Tax Returns of or with respect to each of the
Acquired Companies required by law to be filed have been duly and timely
filed, and all such Tax Returns are complete and accurate, except insofar as
the lack of completeness and accuracy would not result in a Material Adverse
Effect;   (b) all other Tax Returns of or with respect to each of
the Acquired Companies required to be filed pursuant to applicable federal,
foreign, state, provincial, local or other law have been duly and timely
filed, and all such Tax Returns are complete and accurate, except insofar as
either the failure to file such Tax Returns or the lack of completeness and
accuracy would not result in a Material Adverse Effect;   (c) all Taxes due
and payable by the Acquired Companies (whether or not shown on any Tax
Return) have been paid, except for (i) such Taxes as to which adequate
reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP and (ii), in the case of
amounts that have been challenged by a Tax authority, such Taxes as are being
contested in good faith;   (d) the unpaid Taxes of the Acquired Companies
(i) did not, as of the Balance Sheet Date, exceed the reserves for Tax
liability (excluding any reserves for deferred Taxes to the extent such
reserves are established to reflect timing differences between book and
Tax     20   income) set forth on the face of the Balance Sheet (rather
than in any notes thereto) and (ii) will not, as of the close of business on
the Closing Date, exceed such reserves as adjusted for operations through the
Closing Date in accordance with the Acquired Companies\' past custom and
practice; provided, however, that for purposes of clause (ii) hereof, the
unpaid Taxes of the Acquired Companies as of the close of business on the
Closing Date shall not include any Taxes attributable to LIFO recapture
income;   (e) no material deficiencies for Taxes have been
claimed, proposed or assessed by any taxing or other governmental authority
against any of the Acquired Companies, and there are no pending or, to the
knowledge of any of the Acquired Companies or the Company Stockholders,
threatened audits, investigations, disputes or claims or other actions for or
relating to any material liability in respect of Taxes of any of the Acquired
Companies;   (f) the Acquired Companies have previously delivered or
made available to Buyer complete and accurate copies of (i) all federal
income Tax Returns for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, (ii)
all income Tax Returns for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998, 1999 and
2000 for the states of California, Colorado, New Mexico, Oregon and Utah,
(iii) all Canadian federal and provincial income Tax Returns for the years
ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and (iv) all examination reports and
statements of deficiencies relating to Taxes assessed against or agreed to by
any of the Acquired Companies since December 31, 1997;   (g) no Acquired
Company has waived any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed
to any extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency which
waiver or extension remains in effect;   (h) there are no material liens for
Taxes (other than for Taxes not yet due and payable) upon any of the assets
of the Acquired Companies;   (i) the Company has not been a United States
real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of
the Code during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii)
of the Code; and   (j) none of the Acquired Companies have liability for
the Taxes of any other Person (other than with respect to other members of
the affiliated group of which the Company is the common parent) (i) under
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state,
provincial, local or foreign law), (ii) as a transferee or successor, (iii)
by contract or (iv) otherwise.   Section 4.15 Permits; Compliance with
Laws.   (a) The Acquired Companies have in full force and effect
all material federal, state, local and foreign governmental approvals,
consents, authorizations, certificates, filings, franchises, licenses,
notices, permits and rights (collectively, "Permits"), necessary to the
conduct of the business of the Acquired Companies taken as a whole, and there
has occurred no default under any such Permit which individually, or in the
aggregate, would materially affect the business of any Acquired
Company.     21    (b) The business of the Acquired Companies is not
being conducted in violation of any applicable federal, state, county, local,
or foreign laws, ordinances or regulations, except for such violations
which, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 4.16 Employment Matters.   (a) Schedule
4.16(a)(i) lists or describes all material employment, severance, consulting,
indemnification or similar contracts to which any Acquired Company is a party
or by which any of them is bound. None of the Acquired Companies is in
material breach of or material default under such contracts and there does
not exist under any such contract any event that, with the giving of notice
or the lapse of time, would constitute such a breach or default by any
Acquired Company, except for any breach or default, which individually or in
the aggregate, would not result in a material liability. Except as set forth
on Schedule 4.16(a)(ii), no employee of the Acquired Companies who is
employed in Canada has any agreement as to length of notice or severance
payment required to terminate his or her employment, other than as such
results by law from the employment of an employee without an agreement as to
notice or severance.   (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.16(b), no
collective bargaining agreement covers (nor has any, in the past five years,
covered), any employees of the Company, nor is any collective bargaining
agreement currently being negotiated by the Company and, to the Company\'s
knowledge, no attempt to organize any group or all of the employees of the
Company has been made or proposed and is currently outstanding. For purposes
of Section 4.16 and Section 4.17, the term "collective bargaining agreement"
includes any labor contracts between any of the Acquired Companies and any
Canadian "employee association" (within the meaning of applicable Canadian
labor standards legislation).   (c) There are no strikes, slowdowns or labor
disputes against any Acquired Company pending, or to the Company\'s
knowledge, threatened, and no such action has occurred within the last two
years.   (d) The Company is in material compliance with all applicable laws
relating to the employment of labor, including those related to wages, hours,
collective bargaining and the payment and withholding of taxes and other sums
as required by the appropriate Governmental Authority and has withheld
and paid to the appropriate Governmental Authority or is holding for payment
not yet due to such Governmental Authority all retained amounts required to
be withheld from employees of the Company and is not liable for any material
arrears of wages, taxes, penalties or other sums for failure to comply with
any of the foregoing. To the Company\'s knowledge, the Company is in
compliance in all material respects with the terms of any collective
bargaining agreement or other labor contract covering any employees of the
Company.   (e) Except for current assessments and charges not yet payable,
(i) there are no outstanding assessments, penalties, fines, liens, charges,
surcharges or other amounts due or owing pursuant to any
workers\' compensation legislation in respect of that part of the Company\'s
business carried on in Canada (the "Canadian Business") and to the Company\'s
knowledge, no audit of the Canadian Business is currently being performed
pursuant to applicable workers\' compensation legislation and (ii) the
Company has provided to the Buyer all     22   orders and inspection
reports under applicable occupational health and safety legislation relating
to the Canadian Business, the Company has complied in all material respects
with any orders issued under applicable occupational health and safety
legislation in respect of the Canadian Business, and there are no appeals of
any orders currently outstanding.   Section 4.17 Employee Benefit Plans.  
(a) Schedule 4.17(a) lists or describes, and Buyer has been furnished access
to, all Pension Plans and Welfare Plans. None of the Acquired Companies has
any actual or contingent liability with respect to any employee benefit plan
or arrangement other than the Pension Plans and Welfare Plans listed on
Schedule 4.17(a). Each Pension Plan and Welfare Plan is in
substantial compliance with all applicable provisions of law, including the
Code (and the regulations issued thereunder) and ERISA (and the regulations
issued thereunder). All Pension Plans and Welfare Plans have been
administered in substantial compliance with their terms. Except as set forth
on Schedule 4.17(a), each Pension Plan that is intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code has been determined by the IRS to be so qualified,
and each trust related to such Pension Plan has been determined to be exempt
from federal taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code and no such Pension
Plan has been amended since it has been determined to be qualified in a
manner that would adversely affect its qualification.   (b) Neither the
Company, nor any other Person that, together with the Company as of the
relevant measuring date under ERISA, is required to be treated as a single
employer under Section 414 of the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate"), has, at any
time, withdrawn from a "multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 3(37) or
4001(a)(3) of ERISA) in a "complete withdrawal" or a "partial withdrawal" as
defined in Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA, respectively, so as to result in
a liability, contingent or otherwise (including without limitation the
obligations pursuant to an agreement entered into in accordance with Section
4204 of ERISA), of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate which remains
unsatisfied as of the date hereof. Neither the Company nor any ERISA
Affiliate has engaged in, or is a successor or parent corporation to
an entity that has engaged in, a transaction described in Section 4212(c) of
ERISA. All contributions required to be made by the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate to each multiemployer plan have been made when due.   (c) The
funding method used in connection with each Pension Plan which is subject to
the minimum funding requirements of ERISA is legally permissible and the
actuarial assumptions used in connection with funding each such plan have
been determined to be reasonable by the Company\'s enrolled actuary. As of
December 31,2001, for the purpose of providing a statement of the funded
status of each Pension Plan, for the Company\'s Form 10-K as filed with the
SEC on March 27, 2002, the benefit obligations of each Pension Plan did
not exceed the value of the assets of such Pension Plan by an amount greater
than $3,009,000. No "accumulated funding deficiency" (for which an excise tax
is due or would be due in the absence of a waiver) as defined in Section 412
of the Code or as defined in Section 302(a)(2) of ERISA, whichever may apply,
has been incurred with respect to any Pension Plan with respect to any plan
year, whether or not waived. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has
failed to pay when due any "required installment," within the meaning of
Section 412(m) of the Code and Section 302(e) of ERISA, whichever may apply,
with respect to any Pension Plan. Neither the     23   Company nor any
ERISA Affiliate is subject to any lien imposed under Section 412(n) of the
Code or Section 302(f) of ERISA, whichever may apply, with respect to any
Pension Plan.   (d) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.17(d) or as required
by applicable law, neither the Company, any ERISA Affiliate nor any Welfare
Plan has any present or future obligation to make any payment to, or with
respect to any present or former employee of the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate pursuant to, any retiree medical benefit plan, or other retiree
Welfare Plan.   (e) Schedule 4.17(e) lists or describes, and Buyer has
been furnished access to, all Canadian Employee Plans. The Canadian Employee
Plans are and have been established, registered, qualified, invested and
administered, in all material respects, in accordance with their terms and
all laws, including all tax laws where the same is required for preferential
tax treatment. No fact or circumstance exists that could adversely affect the
preferential tax treatment ordinarily accorded to any such Canadian Employee
Plan. All contributions or premiums required to be paid by the Company under
the terms of each Canadian Employee Plan or by applicable law or by
applicable collective bargaining agreement have been made in a timely fashion
in accordance with such law, collective bargaining agreement and the terms of
the Canadian Employee Plans. To the Company\'s knowledge, all material
obligations regarding the Canadian Employee Plans have been satisfied and no
material taxes, fees or penalties are owing under or in respect of any
Canadian Employee Plan. No commitments to improve any Canadian Employee Plan
have been made except as required by applicable law or collective bargaining
agreement. None of the Canadian Employee Plans (other than the registered
retirement savings plan sponsored by the Company) provide benefits to retired
employees or to the beneficiaries or dependants of retired employees. Except
as disclosed in Schedule 4.17(e), none of the Canadian Employee Plans is a
"pension plan" as defined in applicable provincial pension legislation.  
(f) Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.17(f), the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in (i)
any increase in the payment to any employee of any money, benefits or other
property pursuant to any Pension Plan, Welfare Plan or Canadian Employee
Plan; (ii) any accelerated or increased funding requirement for any such
Pension Plan, Welfare Plan or Canadian Employee Plan; or (iii) the
acceleration or provision of any other increased rights or benefits to any
employee.   (g) To Company\'s knowledge, the Company has not made and
will not make any actions or commitments that are inconsistent with the right
of the Company to amend or terminate any severance policy sponsored by the
Company in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, with or
without notice.   Section 4.18 Brokers. Other than Lazard Freres and Co. LLC
("Lazard"), no broker, finder or similar intermediary (each, a "Broker") has
acted for or on behalf of the Company in connection with this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby, and other than Lazard, no Broker is
entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s or similar fee or other commission
(each, a "Brokerage Fee") in connection therewith based on any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with the Company or any action taken by it.  
Section 4.19 Environmental Matters. Except as set forth on
Schedule 4.19,     24    (a) (i) there is and has been no Handling of
Substances by any Acquired Company at, on, or from any Operating Site in
material violation of any applicable Environmental Law or that could
reasonably be expected to result in material liability to any Acquired
Company under any Environmental Law, and (ii) to the Company\'s knowledge,
there is and has been no Handling of Substances at, on, from any Operating
Site, by any other Person that could reasonably be expected to result in
material liability to any Acquired Company under any Environmental Law;  
(b) (i) no underground tanks are or have been owned or operated by any
Acquired Company, (ii) to the Company\'s knowledge, no underground storage
tanks are or have been located on, in or under any Leased Property, and (iii)
no PCBs or asbestos-containing materials are located on, in or under any
Leased Property in a condition that is not in compliance with Environmental
Laws;   (c) (i) no Acquired Company or any Stockholder has received written
notice of any assertion by any Governmental Authority or other Person that
any of them may be a potentially responsible party in connection with
any Substance disposal site, and (ii) no Acquired Company or any Stockholder
has received written notice of any pending or threatened claims by any
Person against any Acquired Company under any Environmental Law;   (d) no
Encumbrances have been, or are, imposed on any Acquired Company or any of the
assets of any Acquired Company under any Environmental Law;   (e) each
Acquired Company is in material compliance with all applicable Environmental
Laws (which compliance includes, but is not limited to, the possession by
each Acquired Company of all Permits and other government authorizations
required under any Environmental Law, and compliance with the terms and
conditions thereof);   (f) no Acquired Company has entered into an agreement
with any Person pursuant to which any Acquired Company has assumed
responsibility for, either directly or indirectly (as guarantor or surety),
or otherwise agreed to contribute to, the investigation, assessment or
remediation of any conditions arising from or relating to the Handling of any
Substance or Substances;   (g) to the Company\'s knowledge, there are no
events, conditions or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to
result in liability to any Acquired Company under any Environmental Law,
except for such events, conditions or circumstance as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and   (h) the Company
has delivered or otherwise made available for inspection to Buyer true,
complete and correct copies and results of any material reports, studies,
analyses, tests or monitoring possessed by any Acquired Company pertaining to
Substances, on, in or under any Operating Site or regarding compliance with
applicable Environmental Laws by any Acquired Company.   Section 4.20
Employee Relations. To Company\'s knowledge, the employer-employee relations
of each Acquired Company are satisfactory in all material respects. The
employment practices of each Acquired Company have complied with all
applicable plant closing and anti-     25   discrimination laws
including, without limitation, the Workers Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and the Americans
with Disabilities Act and any similar laws of other applicable jurisdictions,
other than such non-compliance that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, result in a material liability. Schedule 4.20 sets forth a list of
all legal proceedings or material claims (other than claims for benefits
in the ordinary course or claims for benefits that are either reflected on
the Balance Sheet or have been otherwise reserved on the Balance Sheet),
actions or grievances pending between any Acquired Company and any director,
officer, employee or agent of any Acquired Company.   Section 4.21
Insurance. All material insurance policies (the "Insurance Policies") with
respect to the property, assets, or business of the Acquired Companies are in
full force and effect and all premiums due and payable thereon have been paid
in full. Schedule 4.21 sets forth a list (including the name of the insurer,
coverage and expiration date) of all such Insurance Policies. Except as
disclosed on Schedule 4.21, there are no pending material claims under any
Insurance Policy as to which the respective insurers have denied
coverage. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.21, the Company has not received
a written notice of cancellation or non-renewal of any Insurance Policy.  
Section 4.22 Real Property. None of the Acquired Companies owns any real
property. The Acquired Companies have leasehold interests in the
real property specified on Schedule 4.22 (the "Leased Properties"). The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has valid leasehold interests in, all of
its Leased Properties subject only to liens and encumbrances set forth on
Schedule 4.22(a) and any other liens and encumbrances that, individually or
in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
and each of its Subsidiaries have complied with the terms of all leases with
respect to Leased Properties to which it is a party that are material to the
conduct of the business of the Acquired Companies taken as a whole and under
which it is in occupancy, except for such noncompliance that, individually or
in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, and all such
leases are in full force and effect, except those leases the lapse of which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse
Effect. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.22(b), no consent is required of
any landlord or other third party to any lease to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, and upon
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, each lease
will continue to entitle the Company to the use and possession of the real
property specified in such lease and for the purposes for which such real
property is now being used by the Company. Except as would not result in a
Material Adverse Effect, with respect to each of the Leased Properties: (a)
each is in compliance with all applicable zoning ordinances, building codes,
and other laws and regulations, including, without limitation, those relating
to human health and the environment; (b) all mechanical systems (including
without limitation, electrical, heating, air conditioning, and ventilation,
plumbing and sewage) are in good condition and repair; (c) each has adequate
public sanitary and storm sewers, public water facilities,
electrical facilities, and gas facilities (collectively, the "Utilities")
necessary to the operation of the Leased Properties; all such Utilities can
be used without any special hook up charge; and all Utilities enter the
Leased Properties either through adjoining public streets or within valid
public or private easements; and (d) the Company has disclosed to the Buyer
any defects known to them with respect to the physical condition and
maintenance of    26   the Leased Properties, and to their knowledge
there are no facts or circumstances that adversely affect the Leased
Properties or any portion thereof that has not been disclosed to the
Buyer.   Section 4.23 Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth
in Schedule 4.23 hereto or any other Schedule to this Agreement, and except
for any employee or expense reimbursement related arrangements, there are no
agreements, contracts or other arrangements between the Company or any
Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any stockholder or any affiliate of any
stockholder on the other hand, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
will have any liability under any of such items after the Effective Time.  
Section 4.24 Books and Records. The Company has made and kept (and
made available to the Buyer) its true, correct and complete books and records
and accounts, which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the activities of the Company (the "Books and Records"). The minute books of
the Company made available to the Buyer accurately and adequately reflect all
action previously taken by the Company stockholders, board of directors and
committees of the board of directors of the Company. The copies of the stock
book records of the Company made available to the Buyer in connection with
the Buyer\'s due diligence are true, correct and complete, and accurately
reflect all transactions effected in the Company\'s equity securities through
and including the date hereof. The Company has not engaged in any
transaction, maintained any bank account or used any corporate funds except
for transactions, bank accounts and funds which have been and are reflected
in the Company\'s Books and Records.   Section 4.25 Material Misstatements
or Omissions. To the Company\'s knowledge, no representations or warranties
by the Company in this Agreement, nor any document, exhibit, statement,
certificate or schedule heretofore or hereafter furnished to Buyer pursuant
hereto, or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including
without limitation the Schedules, contains or will contain any untrue
statement of a material fact, or omits or will omit to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements or facts contained therein not
misleading.   Section 4.26 Inventory. The Inventory of the Company is of a
quality and quantity usable, salable or returnable in the ordinary course of
Business without discount or reduction except in the ordinary course of
Business consistent with past practices (excluding year-end inventory build-
up related to LIFO recapture income). The quantities of the Company\'s
Inventory are reasonable and warranted in the present and anticipated
circumstances of its business. The values at which all Inventories are
carried on the Balance Sheet reflect the historical Inventory valuation
policy of the Company of stating such Inventories at the lower of cost or
market on a LIFO basis, other than Inventories for the Company\'s Canadian
distribution centers which are stated on a FIFO basis. The Company is not
under any obligation or liability with respect to accepting returns of
Inventory in the possession of its customers other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice. No clearance
or extraordinary sale of the Inventories has been conducted since the Balance
Sheet Date, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice. The Company has not acquired or committed to acquire Inventory
for sale which is not of a quality and quantity usable in the ordinary course
of business within a reasonable period of time and consistent with past
practice, nor has the Company changed the price of any Inventory except for
(i) price reductions to reflect any     27   reduction in the cost
thereof to the Company, (ii) reductions and increases responsive to normal
competitive conditions and consistent with the Company\'s past sales
practices and (iii) increases to reflect any increase in the cost thereof to
the Company.   Section 4.27 Receivables. Except as reserved for on the
Balance Sheet or set forth on Schedule 4.27, all receivables reflected on the
Balance Sheet arose from, the sale of Inventory or services to Persons not
affiliated with the Company and, to the Company\'s knowledge as of the date
of this Agreement, are collectible in the ordinary course of business of the
Company. Except as reserved against on the Balance Sheet, the receivables
referred to in the preceding sentence as of the dates of such balance sheet
constitute or will constitute, as the case may be, valid receivables, and are
not subject to valid claims of set-off or other defenses or counterclaims
other than normal cash discounts or credits for product returns in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   Section 4.28
Customers. Schedule 4.28 sets forth a list of the current top 20 customers of
the Acquired Companies based on actual or projected annual revenues.  
ARTICLE V.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INDEMNIFYING STOCKHOLDERS  
Each Indemnifying Stockholder severally, and not jointly, represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to Buyer and Buyer
Sub as follows:   Section 5.1 Authorization of Transaction; No Violation.
The Indemnifying Stockholder has full power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, as applicable, and to
perform the Indemnifying Stockholder\'s obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The Indemnifying Stockholder has the absolute and unrestricted right, power
and authority to vote, sell, transfer and assign the Indemnifying
Stockholder\'s shares of Common Stock. Neither the execution and delivery of
this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements by the Indemnifying Stockholder
nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor
compliance by the Indemnifying Stockholder with any of the terms or
provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) violate, conflict with, or result or
constitute a default under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate
the performance required by, or result in a right of termination or
acceleration under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
agreement to which the Indemnifying Stockholder is a party or by which the
Indemnifying Stockholder\'s property is bound, or (ii) impose any encumbrance
on the shares of Common Stock owned by the Indemnifying Stockholder as set
forth on Schedule 4.2(a).   Section 5.2 Validity of Agreement. This
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements constitute a valid and binding
obligation of the Indemnifying Stockholder and are enforceable against the
Indemnifying Stockholder in accordance with their terms, except to the extent
that enforcement thereof may be limited by or subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws now
or hereafter in effect affecting creditors\' rights generally and by general
principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity
or at law).     28    Section 5.3 Ownership and Delivery of Shares. The
Indemnifying Stockholder is the sole beneficial holder and record holder of
the shares of Common Stock owned by the Indemnifying Stockholder as set forth
on Schedule 4.2(a) and has good and marketable title to such shares, free and
clear of any and all covenants, conditions, restrictions, liens, security
interests and claims, and has the sole and unrestricted right to vote such
shares in respect of any matter submitted to the holders of such shares for a
vote, including a vote to approve the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 5.4 Brokerage. Other than by Lazard, there is no basis
for any claim against the Company for brokerage commissions, finders\' fees
or similar compensation in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement based on any arrangement or agreement made by or on behalf of
such Indemnifying Stockholder.   ARTICLE VI.  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF BUYER   Buyer and Buyer Sub represent and warrant to the
Company as follows:   Section 6.1 Organization. Each of Buyer and Buyer Sub
is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of its state of incorporation, each with corporate power and
authority to own its properties and carry on its business in all material
respects as currently owned or conducted.   Section 6.2 Binding Obligation.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by all required corporate
action on the part of Buyer, Buyer Sub and their respective stockholders, and
no other corporate proceedings on the part of Buyer or Buyer Sub are
necessary to authorize this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by Buyer and Buyer Sub and, assuming this Agreement constitutes
a valid and binding obligation of the Company, constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of Buyer and Buyer Sub, enforceable against Buyer and
Buyer Sub in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that the
enforceability thereof may be limited by: (i) applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
from time to time in effect affecting generally the enforcement of
creditors\' rights and remedies; and (ii) general principles of equity.  
Section 6.3 No Defaults or Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Buyer and Buyer Sub and performance by Buyer and Buyer Sub
of their respective obligations hereunder: (i) do not and, at the Effective
Time, will not result in any violation of the charter of by-laws or other
constituent documents of Buyer or Buyer Sub; and (ii) at the Effective Time,
will not conflict with, or result in a breach of any of the terms or
provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or
imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of
Buyer or Buyer Sub (except for such conflicts, breaches or defaults or liens,
charges or encumbrances that would not adversely affect the consummation of
the Merger) under: (A) any indenture, mortgage or loan or any other agreement
or instrument to which the Buyer or Buyer Sub is party or by which either of
them may be bound or to which any of their respective properties may be
subject (excluding any agreement which limits the operations of Buyer or the
Company after the Closing Date); or (B) any existing applicable law, rule,
regulation, judgment, order or decree or any Governmental    
29   Authority having jurisdiction over Buyer or Buyer Sub or any of their
respective properties, other than filings, authorizations, consents or
approvals whose failure to make or obtain would not adversely affect the
consummation of the Merger.   Section 6.4 No Governmental Authorization or
Consents Required. Except for expiration or termination of the applicable
waiting periods under, or receipt of approval under, the HSR Act, the
Competition Act and the ICA and no authorization or approval or other action
by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or Government
Antitrust Authority is required to be obtained or made by Buyer or Buyer Sub
in connection with the due execution and delivery by Buyer and Buyer Sub of
this Agreement and the consummation by Buyer and Buyer Sub of the Merger as
contemplated hereby; provided, however, that no representation or warranty is
made with respect to authorizations, approvals, notices or filings with any
Governmental Authority, Government Antitrust Authority or Canadian Investment
Review Authority that, if not obtained or made, would not, individually or in
the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 6.5 Brokers.
Other than Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank"), no Broker has
acted for or on behalf of Buyer or Buyer Sub in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and other than Deutsche
Bank, no Broker is entitled to any Brokerage Fee in connection therewith
based on any agreement, arrangement or understanding with Buyer or Buyer Sub
or any action taken by Buyer or Buyer Sub.   Section 6.6 Litigation. There
is no claim, action, or legal proceeding pending or, to the Buyer\'s
knowledge, threatened against Buyer or Buyer Sub before any Governmental
Authority which questions the validity or legality of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or which seeks to prevent the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.   ARTICLE VII.  COVENANTS  
Section 7.1 Conduct of Business of any Acquired Company. From the date of
this Agreement up to and including the Effective Time (unless this
Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article X), the parties hereto covenant
and agree as follows:   (a) Affirmative Covenants. Except as contemplated
by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 7.1, during the period
commencing on the date hereof and ending at the Effective Time, the Company
shall and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:   (i) continue to
conduct operations in the ordinary and usual course of business;   (ii) use
reasonable commercial efforts to maintain its assets in customary repair,
order and condition;   (iii) maintain its books, accounts and
records consistent with past practice and in accordance with the principles
used in the preparation of the Financial Statements;     30    (iv)
continue its historical practices with respect to the maintenance and
protection of Intellectual Property Rights;   (v) maintain commercially
reasonable insurance coverage with respect to its assets and properties and
with respect to the conduct of its business;   (vi) use reasonable best
efforts to keep available the services of current officers, key employees and
consultants of the Company and each Subsidiary; and   (vii) use reasonable
best efforts to preserve the current relationships of the Company and each
Subsidiary with such of the customers, suppliers and other Persons with which
the Company or any Subsidiary has significant business relations as is
reasonably necessary to preserve substantially intact its business
organization.   (b) Negative Covenants. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
the Company agrees that prior to the Effective Time the Company will not and
will not permit any Subsidiary to (without the prior written consent of the
Buyer):   (i) amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other
equivalent organizational document;   (ii) authorize for issuance, issue,
sell, pledge, deliver or agree or commit to issue, sell, pledge or deliver
(whether through the issuance or granting of any options, warrants, calls,
subscriptions, stock appreciation rights or other rights or other agreements)
any of its capital stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of its capital stock;   (iii) split, combine or reclassify any
shares of its capital stock, declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof)
in respect of its capital stock, or purchase, prepay, redeem or otherwise
acquire any shares of its own capital stock or any Indebtedness or debt
security;   (iv) increase in any manner the compensation payable or to
become payable to any of its respective directors or officers, other than in
the ordinary course of business or as required under any existing
employment agreement, or adopt any new severance or termination payment
policies for directors, officers or employees, or enter into any employment
or severance agreement with or make any severance or termination payment to
any director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, other than
as consistent with past practice;   (v) acquire any interest in any
business or any corporation, partnership, joint venture, association or other
business organization or division thereof for consideration in excess of
$200,000 (two hundred thousand dollars);   (vi) change the accounting
methods or practices of the Company, except insofar as required by changes in
law or GAAP;     31    (vii) sell, assign, transfer, mortgage or
otherwise encumber or subject to any lien (other than Permitted Liens) or
otherwise dispose of any of the properties or assets that are material to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except in the ordinary course
of business;   (viii) except with respect to Indebtedness incurred in the
ordinary course of business under the Company\'s existing credit facilities,
incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such Indebtedness
of another Person;   (ix) enter into any new Material Contract, or
amend, cancel or terminate any Material Contract, other than in the ordinary
course of business;   (x) waive or release any rights that are material
to the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole;   (xi) terminate or amend any
Pension Plan, Welfare Plan or Canadian Employee Plan listed on Schedule 4.17
or create any new Pension Plan, Welfare Plan or Canadian Employee Plan;  
(xii) merge or consolidate with any other corporation, association,
partnership or joint venture, except in connection with a transaction
permitted by Section 7.1(b)(iv);   (xiii) enter into any contract with a
customer of the Company obligating the Company to provide a loan, payment of
cash (other than rack allowance payments not to exceed $2,500 per store per
year) or the equivalent or guarantee of Indebtedness of such customer;  
(xiv) enter into any loan, advance or guarantee of Indebtedness with any
director, officer, employee or stockholder of the Company, except advances
for travel and expenses made in the ordinary course of business;   (xv)
maintain inventory at levels or with product mixes materially different than
historical levels and mixes;   (xvi) make or change any election in respect
of Taxes, adopt or change any material accounting method in respect of Taxes,
enter into any tax allocation agreement, tax sharing agreement, tax
indemnity agreement or closing agreement, settle or compromise any claim,
notice, audit report or assessment in respect of Taxes, or consent to any
extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or
assessment in respect of Taxes;   (xvii) take any action that is likely to
have a Material Adverse Effect or delay materially the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements;  
(xviii) knowingly take or cause to be taken, or fail to take or cause to be
taken, any action that would cause the conditions to the obligations of the
Buyer or the    32  Buyer Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby to fail to be satisfied or fulfilled, including, without limitation,
by taking or causing to be taken, or failing to take or cause to be taken,
any action that would cause the representations and warranties made by the
Company in Article IV hereof to fail to be true and correct as of the
Closing;   (xix) fail to disclose promptly to Buyer in writing any
information set forth in the Schedules hereto which no longer is correct
and any information of the nature of that set forth in the Schedules which
arises after the date hereof and which would have been required to be
included in the Schedules if such information had been obtained on the date
hereof; or   (xx) agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.   Section
7.2 Access to Information: Confidentiality.   (a) From the date hereof to
the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary and
each of their respective directors, officers, employees, accountants,
consultants, legal counsel, advisors, agents and other representatives,
during regular business hours and upon reasonable written request, to give
Buyer and its authorized representatives, including counsel, consultants,
accountants, auditors and agents, reasonable access to all books, records,
offices and other facilities and properties of the Company and each
Subsidiary and will cause its officers and those of the Subsidiaries
to furnish promptly such information concerning the business,
properties, contracts, assets, liabilities, personnel and other aspects of
the Company or any Subsidiary as Buyer may from time to time reasonably
request; provided, however, that any such access shall not interfere with the
businesses or operations of the Company or any Subsidiary and that all
contacts with the Company\'s employees will be initially coordinated with the
Company\'s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.   (b) Any
information provided to or obtained by Buyer pursuant to paragraph (a) above
shall be "Confidential Information" under the Confidentiality Agreement,
dated December 20, 2001, between the Company and Buyer (the "Buyer
Confidentiality Agreement"), and shall be held by Buyer in accordance with
and be subject to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, which terms
shall be incorporated herein by reference.   (c) Except as may be required
by applicable law or the rules of the applicable stock exchange, at any time
from the date of this Agreement until and including the Effective Time, none
of the parties hereto shall issue a press release or public announcement or
otherwise make any disclosure concerning this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby or the business and financial affairs of the Company,
without prior written approval by the other party hereto. If any public
announcement is required by law or the rules of the applicable stock exchange
to be made by any party hereto with respect to the Company or the
transactions contemplated hereby at any time from the date of this Agreement
until and including the Effective Time, prior to making such announcement
such party will deliver a draft of such announcement to the other party and
shall give the other party reasonable opportunity to comment
thereon; provided, however, that a party may, without the prior consent of
the other party, issue such press release or make such public announcement as
may be required by law or the rules of the applicable stock exchange if it
has used its reasonable best efforts to consult with     33   the
other party and to obtain the other party\'s consent but has been unable
to do so in a timely manner.   (d) At Buyer\'s sole discretion and expense,
Buyer and its representatives shall be entitled to conduct Phase I
environmental assessments of each of the Company\'s facilities. To facilitate
these assessments, the Company shall provide to Buyer and its representatives
access to each of its facilities at all reasonable times. At Buyer\'s sole
discretion and expense, Buyer and its representatives shall be entitled to
conduct sampling of the soil, groundwater and surface water at the Operating
Sites set forth on Schedule 7.2(d); provided that such sampling shall be
completed, and a final report on the sampling provided to the Company, by
June 1, 2002; and provided, further, that, to the extent any breach of the
Company\'s representations and warranties in Article IV is identified in
connection with such sampling, the Company shall have the right to cure such
breach prior to Closing or to commit to cure such breach in a timely fashion
after Closing.   Section 7.3 Filings and Authorizations.   (a) Each of the
parties hereto within five (5) Business Days of the date hereof, shall file
or supply, or cause to be filed or supplied, all notifications and
information required to be filed or supplied pursuant to the HSR Act in
connection with the Merger and consummation of the other
transactions contemplated hereby. Within five (5) Business Days of the date
hereof, the Company shall provide Buyer with information reasonably requested
by Buyer to identify any notifications and filings that Buyer may need, or
considers appropriate or advisable, at Buyer\'s discretion, to make with a
Government Antitrust Authority in Canada or Canadian Investment Review
Authority in respect of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement. The
Company shall provide Buyer, as promptly as reasonably practical, with any
information that Buyer subsequently requests for the purposes of providing or
complying with the requirements of any notification or filings or in
connection with obtaining any authorizations, approvals, consents, rulings
and waivers that Buyer may make with a Government Antitrust Authority in
Canada or Canadian Investment Review Agency. Buyer and the Company shall,
within thirteen (13) Business Days of the date hereof or such other period as
Buyer and the Company may agree, promptly submit the appropriate
notifications and filings required to be made by them, or which Buyer
reasonably deems appropriate or advisable to make, with a
Government Antitrust Authority in Canada or Canadian Investment Review
Authority. Where Buyer elects to file a request for an ARC to the Government
Antitrust Authority in Canada, Buyer may elect to subsequently file a
notification in accordance with Part IX of the Competition Act (a
"Notification") to such Authority at Buyer\'s sole discretion, and the
Company shall file its portion of the Notification to such Authority within
five (5) Business Days of being notified by Buyer of its decision to file the
Notification.   (b) Each of the parties hereto, as promptly as
practicable, shall   (i) make, or cause to be made, all such other
filings (including any filings required by the SEC) and submissions under
laws, rules and regulations applicable to it, or to its subsidiaries and
affiliates, as may be required for it to consummate the Merger and other
transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement;     34    (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain, or cause to be obtained, all authorizations, approvals, consents and
waivers from all Persons and Governmental Authorities necessary to be
obtained by it, or its subsidiaries or affiliates, in order for it so to
consummate such transactions; and   (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all other actions necessary, proper or
advisable in order for it to fulfill its obligations under this
Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision of this Agreement
to the contrary, in no event shall any party hereto be obligated to (A) agree
to, or proffer to, divest or hold separate, or enter into any licensing or
similar arrangement with respect to, any assets (whether tangible or
intangible) or any portion of the business of Buyer, the Company or any of
their respective Subsidiaries, or (B) litigate any suit, claim, action,
investigation or proceeding, whether judicial or administrative, (1)
challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the
Merger; (2) seeking to prohibit or limit in any respect the ownership or
operation by Buyer, the Company, or any of their respective affiliates of a
material portion of the Company\'s business, or to require any such Person to
dispose of or hold separate any portion of the Company\'s business as a
result of the Merger; or (3) seeking to prohibit Buyer or any of its
affiliates from effectively controlling in any respect all or any portion of
the Company\'s business. Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing or any
other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Buyer shall have the
sole discretion as to whether to enter into and, if so, the contents of,
any undertaking(s) with the Minister under the ICA. The parties hereto
shall coordinate and cooperate with one another in exchanging such
information and supplying such reasonable assistance as may be reasonably
requested by each in connection with the foregoing and each party will keep
the other parties hereto apprised of the status of matters relating to
completion of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements.   (c) Each of Buyer and the Company agrees to share
equally any fee required by a Governmental Authority (including a Government
Antitrust Authority) in connection with a notification or filing, or in
connection with obtaining any authorizations, approvals, consents, rulings
and waivers.   Section 7.4 [Intentionally Omitted]   Section 7.5
Indemnification and Insurance.   (a) From and after the Effective Time, the
Buyer shall cause the Surviving Corporation to and the Surviving Corporation
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present and former officers,
directors, employees and agents of the Company and each Subsidiary (each a
"Covered Person") to the same extent, and under the same terms under which,
such Covered Persons are indemnified as of the date of this Agreement by the
Company pursuant to the Company\'s certificate of incorporation, Company
bylaws and indemnification agreements, if any, in existence on the date of
this Agreement with any officers, directors, employees or agents for acts or
omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time.     35    (b) The
Buyer shall cause the Surviving Corporation to keep in effect provisions in
its certificate of incorporation and bylaws providing for exculpation of
director liability, advancement of expenses prior to disposition of any Claim
and indemnification of the Covered Persons, in each case to the fullest
extent permitted under the DGCL, which provisions shall not be amended except
as required by applicable law or except to make changes permitted by law that
would enlarge the right of indemnification of the Covered Persons.
In addition, from and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
shall comply with all indemnification agreements set forth on Schedule
4.15.   (c) For a period of exactly six (6) years after the Effective Time,
the Buyer shall cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect
the current policies of directors and officers liability insurance maintained
by the Company covering persons who are currently covered by the Company\'s
directors and officers liability insurance policies with respect to actions
or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time; provided, that
policies of at least the same coverage containing terms and conditions and
the dollar value of coverage covering exclusively the persons who are
currently covered by the Company\'s directors and officers liability
insurance policies which are no less advantageous to the insureds may be
substituted therefor; provided further, however, that the Surviving
Corporation shall not be required to pay an annual insurance premium therefor
in excess of 300% of the last annual premium paid prior to the date of this
Agreement. In any case, there shall be no gap in coverage by directors and
officers liability insurance at the Effective Time.   (d) The provisions of
this Section 7.5 shall survive the consummation of the Merger and expressly
are intended to benefit each of the Covered Persons.   Section 7.6 Change
of Control Put With Respect to the Notes. Within 30 days following the
Effective Time, Buyer shall cause the Company to mail a notice to each holder
of a Note advising such holder of its right to require the Company to
repurchase all or a portion of such holder\'s Note at a price in cash equal
to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, to the date of the repurchase, as required under the terms
and conditions of the Indenture, dated September 27, 1996 between the Company
and Bankers Trust Company, as Trustee (the "Indenture"). The Company will
otherwise take all other actions required by the Indenture.   Section 7.7
Financial Certificate. At the Effective Time, the Company shall deliver to
Buyer a certificate, signed by an officer of the Company on behalf of the
Company, setting forth the amount of the Transactions Fees. Such certificate
shall be accurate in all respects.   Section 7.8 No Solicitation. The
Company shall not (and the Company will cause its officers, directors,
employees, agents, affiliates and representatives, including investment
bankers and attorneys, not to) directly or indirectly solicit or initiate any
discussions or negotiations with, provide any information to, respond to any
inquiries or proposals by or otherwise cooperate in any other way with, any
Person, other than Buyer and its representatives, employees and agents,
concerning a sale of all or a significant portion of the assets of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or of any shares of capital stock of the
Company or any merger, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or any
sale, assignment, license or other transfer of the     
36   Company\'s intellectual property rights or any other transaction that
could have the effect of precluding or inhibiting the consummation of the
Merger (all such transactions being referred to herein as "Proposed Competing
Transactions"). The Company will immediately notify Buyer if any discussions
or negotiations are sought to be initiated, any inquiry or proposal is made,
or any information is requested with respect to any Proposed Competing
Transaction and communicate to Buyer the identity of the prospective
purchaser or soliciting party and the terms of any such inquiry or
proposal.   Section 7.9 FIRPTA Certificate. At or prior to the Closing, the
Company shall have delivered to Buyer, as agent for the Company, a form of
notice to the Internal Revenue Service in accordance with the requirements of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.897-2(h)(2) and in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to Buyer along with written authorization for Buyer to
deliver such notice form to the Internal Revenue Service on behalf of the
Company upon the Closing of the Merger. If the Company fails to comply with
this Section 7.9, Buyer\'s sole remedy for such noncompliance will be to
withhold tax in accordance with Section 1445(a) of the Code from payments to
any Stockholder that does not provide a certificate, in a form that satisfies
the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-2(b), stating that
such Stockholder is not a "foreign person".   Section 7.10 Financial
Capability. In no event later than September 16, 2002, and at the Effective
Time, the Buyer will have sufficient funds on hand to pay the Purchase
Consideration and to repurchase the Notes, and will deliver a certificate to
the Company to such effect, unless the failure to obtain sufficient funds is
primarily caused by or results from (i) the failure of any of the conditions
precedent to the obligations of Buyer and Buyer Sub as set forth in Article
VIII, or (ii) the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section
10.1(a)(i), (iii) or (vi).   Section 7.11 Best Efforts.   (a) Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the
Company and the Buyer agrees to use its commercially reasonable best efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done,
and to assist and cooperate with the other party in doing, all things
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most
expeditious manner practicable, this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company and the Buyer
will use their commercially reasonable best efforts and cooperate with one
another (i) in promptly determining whether any filings are required to
be made or consents, approvals, waivers, Permits, or authorizations are
required to be obtained (or, which if not obtained, would result in an event
of default, termination or acceleration of any agreement or any "put" right
under any agreement) under any applicable Law or from any Governmental
Authority or Person, including parties to loan agreements or other debt
instruments, in connection with this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) in promptly making
any such filings, in furnishing information required in connection therewith
and in timely seeking to obtain any such consents, approvals, Permits or
authorizations. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable best
efforts to cause the landlords of the Leased Properties to deliver to Buyer
estoppel and non-disturbance agreements in substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit E (the "Lease Estoppels") or in a form customary to the
location of the Leased     37   Property which (i) states the amount of
rent and term of the lease, (ii) represents that all rent and other payments
due and payable to the landlord have been paid, (iii) represents that there
is no default or event of default, (iv) represents that the landlord is not
aware of any third party, environmental or other claims against the Company
or the property, and, if necessary, (v) consents to any assignment or
transfer of the lease pursuant to this Agreement or waives any default caused
by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event that the
Company does not obtain Lease Estoppels for any of the Leased Properties, the
Indemnifying Stockholders shall indemnify Buyer for any Loss to Buyer or the
Company as a result of any fact or condition related to clauses (i), (ii) or
(iii) of the preceding sentence which should have been disclosed as an
exception in such Lease Estoppel if it had been obtained (provided, however,
that such indemnification obligation shall not be subject to the $1 million
limit contained in Section 11.2(a)).   (b) The Company agrees to provide,
and will cause its Subsidiaries and its and their respective officers and
employees to provide, and will use its commercially reasonable best efforts
to cause its accountants, attorneys and other representatives to provide, all
necessary cooperation in connection with the arrangement of any financing to
be consummated contemporaneous with the Closing, including financing in
respect of this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including participation in meetings, due
diligence sessions, road shows, the preparation of offering memoranda,
private placement memoranda, prospectuses and similar documents, the
execution and delivery of any commitment letters, underwriting or placement
agreements, pledge and security documents, other definitive financing
documents, or other requested certificates or documents, including comfort
letters and consents of accountants and legal opinions customarily delivered
in connection with comparable financings, in each case as may be requested by
the Buyer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
expenses incurred by the Company to fulfill its obligations set forth in this
Section 7.11(b) shall not be Transaction Fees for purposes of any Purchase
Consideration adjustment.   (c) The Buyer agrees to provide, and will cause
its officers and employees to provide, all necessary cooperation to the
Company in connection with the renewal or replacement of any insurance or
bonds of the Company, including providing such financial information as the
insurers or bond providers may require.   Section 7.12 Books and Records.
For a period of five (5) years from the Closing, the Buyer shall, and shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to, provide to any former holder of Common
Stock for the sole purposes of addressing tax issues relating to such
holder\'s ownership of any securities of the Company and addressing
indemnification claims made pursuant to Article XI, access to the books and
records of the Company (only to the extent such books and records relate to
the period prior to the Effective Time). Each such access to the books and
records of the Company shall be given only upon reasonable advance
written notice during regular business hours for the sole purpose of
obtaining information for use as aforesaid and will permit such holder to
make such extracts and copies thereof as may be necessary. Such holder of
Common Stock shall reimburse the Company for the reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by any of them in performing the covenants contained in
this Section 7.12.     38    Section 7.13 Fulfillment of Conditions by
Buyer. Buyer shall not (i) knowingly take or cause to be taken, or fail to
take or cause to be taken, any action that would cause the conditions to the
obligations of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
to fail to be satisfied or fulfilled, including, without limitation, by
taking or causing to be taken, or failing to take or cause to be taken, any
action that would cause the representations and warranties made by Buyer in
Article VI hereof to fail to be true and correct as of the Closing, or (ii)
take any action that is likely to delay materially the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement.  
Section 7.14 Execution of the Escrow Agreement. Buyer, Company and each of
the Indemnifying Stockholders shall execute and deliver to each other on
or before the Closing Date an Escrow Agreement in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit D.     ARTICLE VIII.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO  OBLIGATIONS
OF BUYER AND BUYER SUB   The obligation of Buyer and Buyer Sub under this
Agreement to consummate the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction, at
or prior to the Effective Time, of all of the following conditions, any one
or more of which may be waived by Buyer and Buyer Sub:   Section 8.1
Representations and Warranties Accurate. All representations and warranties
of the Company and the Indemnifying Stockholders contained in Article IV and
Article V shall be true and correct in all material respects (except those
representations and warranties which are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of
the Effective Time with the same force and effect as though made on and as of
the Effective Time.   Section 8.2 Performance. The Company shall have
performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements,
covenants and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed and
complied with by it prior to or on the Effective Time.   Section 8.3
Certificates. Buyer or Buyer Sub shall have received (i) a certificate, dated
as of the Effective Time, signed by an officer of the Company on behalf of
the Company to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 8.1 and
8.2 have been satisfied and (ii) a certificate in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit H dated as of the Effective Time, signed by the secretary of the
Company on behalf of the Company.   Section 8.4 HSR Act, Competition Act and
ICA: Authorizations; Legal Prohibition.   (a) With respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, all applicable waiting periods under the
HSR Act and the Canada Competition Act shall have expired or been
terminated.   (b) Buyer shall have obtained all authorizations,
approvals, consents, rulings and waivers, the lack of which prior to the
Effective Time, under any applicable law, rule or     39   regulation,
would render illegal or prohibit the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including, but not limited to, having received the following:  
(i) provided that Buyer has submitted an application for review under and in
accordance with the ICA, the Minister responsible for the ICA has, or is
deemed within the meaning of the ICA to have, provided notice that he is of
the view that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are "likely to
be of net benefit to Canada" (a "net benefit ruling") under Sections 21 to 23
of and for the purposes of the ICA; and   (ii) either (x) Buyer shall have
received an ARC or (y) the Commissioner of Competition (the "Commissioner")
shall have waived the obligation to notify and supply information pursuant to
paragraph 113(c) of the Competition Act or Buyer and Company shall each have
filed all notices and information required under Part IX of the Competition
Act, and the applicable waiting period shall have expired, and in respect of
(y) above, the Commissioner shall have confirmed in writing, on terms
satisfactory to Buyer in its sole discretion, that his review of any
transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been completed and that he
has no grounds on which to apply for an order under Section 92 or Section 100
of the Competition Act and no investigation or inquiry shall be ongoing nor
shall the Commissioner have threatened or otherwise indicated that he will
commence an investigation or inquiry under Section 10 of the Competition
Act.   (c) The Company shall have obtained or made all
governmental authorizations, approvals, consents, waivers and filings, the
lack of which prior to the Effective Time, under any applicable law, rule or
regulation, would render illegal or otherwise prohibit the consummation of
the Merger by the Company.   (d) At the Effective Time, there shall exist
no injunction or other order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction
which would prohibit the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (e) No Governmental Authority shall have
commenced or threatened in writing to commence any action seeking to restrain
or prohibit, or to obtain damages in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements.   Section 8.5
Escrow Agreement. The Company shall have delivered to Buyer the Escrow
Agreement executed by the Company and each Indemnifying Stockholder bound by
the Escrow Agreement.   Section 8.6 Opinion of Counsel. The Company shall
deliver executed copies of opinions of the Company\'s legal counsel, Paul,
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison and Keesal, Young and Logan, dated as of the
Closing Date, substantially the forms attached hereto as Exhibits F and
G.   Section 8.7 Consents. The Company shall have obtained (a) all
consents required to be obtained under Sections 4.5 and 4.12 (other than the
Leased Properties) as set forth on Schedule 4.5 and 4.12(b) and (b) consents
to assignment or change of control (if necessary) for each of the Leased
Properties used for distribution centers by the Company.     40   
Section 8.8 Bonds. The Company shall have purchased bonds with a term on the
date that the bond is purchased equal to or greater than one year covering
the State of California Cigarette and Tobacco Products Tax
Bond requirement.   Section 8.9 Deliveries. The Company shall have
delivered executed copies of all Ancillary Agreements to which it is party
and such other documents and items that Buyer may reasonably request
(including, but not limited to, resignations executed by each of the
Company\'s directors effective as of the Closing Date) .   ARTICLE IX. 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY   The obligation of the
Company to consummate the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction, at or
prior to the Effective Time, of all of the following conditions, any one or
more of which may be waived by the Company:   Section 9.1 Representations
and Warranties Accurate. All representations and warranties of Buyer and
Buyer Sub contained in Article VI shall be true and correct in all material
respects (except those representations and warranties which are qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in
all respects) on and as of the Effective Time with the same force and effect
as though made on and as of the Effective Time.   Section 9.2 Performance by
Others. Buyer and Buyer Sub shall have performed and complied in all material
respects with all agreements, covenants and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed and complied with by either of them prior to or on
the Effective Time.   Section 9.3 Certificate. The Company shall have
received a certificate, dated the date of the Effective Time, signed by an
officer of Buyer on behalf of the Buyer, to the effect that the conditions
set forth in Sections 9.1 and 9.2 have been satisfied.   Section 9.4 HSR
Act, Competition Act and ICA: Authorization; Legal Prohibition.   (a) With
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, all applicable waiting
periods under the HSR Act and the Canada Competition Act shall have expired
or been terminated.   (b) Buyer shall have obtained all authorizations,
approvals, consents, rulings and waivers, the lack of which prior to the
Effective Time, under any applicable law, rule or regulation, would render
illegal or prohibit the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, but not limited to, having received the following:   (i)
provided that Buyer has submitted an application for review under and in
accordance with the ICA, the Minister responsible for the ICA has, or is
deemed within the meaning of the ICA to have, provided notice that he is of
the view that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are "likely to
be of net benefit to Canada" (a "net benefit ruling") under Sections 21 and
23 of and for the purposes of the ICA; and     41    (ii) either (x)
Buyer shall have received an ARC or (y) the Commissioner shall have waived
the obligation to notify and supply information pursuant to paragraph 113(c)
of the Competition Act or Buyer and the Company shall each have filed all
notices and information required under Part IX of the Competition Act, and
the applicable waiting period shall have expired, and in respect of (y)
above, the Commissioner shall have confirmed in writing, on terms
satisfactory to Buyer in its sole discretion, that his review of
any transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been completed and that
he has no grounds on which to apply for an order under Section 92 or Section
100 of the Competition Act and no investigation or inquiry shall be ongoing
nor shall the Commissioner have threatened or otherwise indicated that he
will commence an investigation or inquiry under Section 10 of the Competition
Act.   (c) The Company shall have obtained or made all
governmental authorizations, approvals, consents, waivers and filings, the
lack of which prior to the Effective Time, under any applicable law, rule or
regulation, would render illegal or otherwise prohibit the consummation of
the Merger by the Company.   (d) At the Effective Time, there shall exist
no injunction or other order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction
which would prohibit consummation of the Merger.   ARTICLE X. 
TERMINATION   Section 10.1 Termination.   (a) This Agreement may be
terminated on or prior to the Effective Time as follows:   (i) by the
mutual written consent of Buyer and the Company;   (ii) by the Company, if
the Buyer or Buyer Sub has breached any material representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement, which breach cannot
reasonably be, or is not, cured by the Effective Time;   (iii) by the
Buyer, if the Company has breached any material representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement which would have a Material
Adverse Effect, and which breach cannot reasonably be, or is not, cured by
the Effective Time;   (iv) by the Company, if the Closing Date shall
not have occurred on or before September 18, 2002, for any reason other than
the failure of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder;   (v) by
the Buyer, if the Closing Date shall not have occurred on or before September
18, 2002, for any reason other than the failure of Buyer or Buyer Sub to
perform their respective obligations hereunder; or      42    (vi) by
the Buyer or the Company if any Governmental Authority shall have issued an
order, decree or ruling or taken any other action (which order, decree,
ruling or other action the parties shall have used their reasonable efforts
to resist, resolve or lift, as applicable) permanently restraining, enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and
nonappealable.   (b) The termination of this Agreement shall be effectuated
by the delivery by the party terminating this Agreement to the other party of
a written notice of such termination. If this Agreement so terminates, it
shall become null and void and have no further force or effect, except as
provided in Section 10.2.   Section 10.2 Survival After Termination. If
this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 10.1 hereof and the
transactions contemplated hereby are not consummated, this Agreement shall
become null and void and of no further force and effect, and none of the
parties hereto shall have any liability in respect of a termination of this
Agreement, except to the extent that failure to satisfy the conditions of
Articles VIII or IX results from the violation by such party of this
Agreement or the provisions of any agreement made or to be made pursuant to
this Agreement; provided, however, that Sections 7.2(b) and (c) hereof and
Section 12.2 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement.  
ARTICLE XI.  INDEMNIFICATION AND TAX MATTERS   Section 11.1 Obligations to
Indemnify. The Indemnifying Stockholders shall indemnify and hold harmless
Buyer and Buyer Sub and their respective directors, officers, employees,
affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Persons")
from and against any and all losses, lawsuits, liabilities, damages,
deficiencies, demands, claims, actions, judgments or causes of action,
assessments, costs, all amounts paid in investigation, defense or settlement
of any of the foregoing and expenses (including, without limitation, interest
and reasonable attorneys\' fees and disbursements) (collectively, "Losses")
based upon or arising out of any inaccuracy in, or any breach of, any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company or the
Indemnifying Stockholders (it being agreed that for purposes of such right to
indemnification, the representations and warranties of the Company and the
Indemnifying Stockholders shall be deemed not qualified by any reference
therein to materiality generally or whether or not any breach could result or
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect),
contained in the Merger Agreement or in any document or other papers
delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant thereto.   Section 11.2
Limitations. The indemnification provided for in this Article XI shall be
subject to the following limitations, each of which shall be effective
independently of the others:   (a) the Indemnifying Stockholders shall have
no liability and no obligation to indemnify the Buyer or Buyer Sub for any
Losses unless and until the Indemnifying Stockholders\' aggregate indemnity
obligations hereunder with respect to the Losses shall exceed $1,000,000 (one
million dollars), whereupon the Buyer or the Buyer Sub shall be entitled to
receive indemnification for the amount of Losses in excess of $1,000,000 and
provided that the     43   maximum amount the Buyer and the Buyer Sub
may recover, in the aggregate, for Losses is $15,000,000;   (b) during the
Escrow Period (as defined in the Escrow Agreement attached as Exhibit D
hereto) the Buyer\'s and Buyer Sub\'s sole recourse with respect to recovery
of any amounts payable hereunder or otherwise for Losses, and the
Indemnifying Stockholders\' sole liability therefor, shall be limited to the
assets in the Escrow Account ("Escrow Assets") and any such recovery shall be
made in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Form of Escrow
Agreement, attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D;   (c) if at any time
during the Escrow Period the amount of any payment required to be made by the
Escrow Agent to the Buyer or Buyer Sub exceeds the Escrow Assets, the Escrow
Agent shall distribute to the Buyer or Buyer Sub, all of the remaining Escrow
Assets;   (d) after termination of the Escrow Period, the
Indemnifying Stockholders shall have no liability and no obligation to
indemnify the Buyer or Buyer Sub for any Losses; and   (e) notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 11.2(a), (b), (c) or (d), there shall be no limit
on the recovery of Losses by Buyer or Merger Sub for (i) common law claims of
fraud or (ii) breaches of the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 4.2(a) (Capitalization), Section 5.1 (Authorization of the
Transaction) and 5.3 (Ownership and Delivery of Shares), provided, however,
that each Indemnifying Stockholder shall not be liable for amounts in excess
of that portion of the Purchase Consideration paid or payable to such
Indemnifying Shareholder.   Section 11.3 Notice of Claims; Valid Claims.  
(a) Any Indemnified Person seeking indemnification hereunder shall, within
the relevant limitation period provided for in Section 12.4, give to the
Stockholder Representative (the "Indemnitor") with a copy to
each Indemnifying Stockholder and a copy to the Escrow Agent, a notice (a
"Claim Notice") describing in reasonable detail the facts giving rise to a
claim for indemnification (a "Claim") hereunder and shall include in such
Claim Notice (if then known) the amount or the method of computation of the
amount of such claim, and a reference to the provision of this Agreement or
any agreement, certificate or instrument executed pursuant hereto or in
connection herewith upon which such claim is based; provided, that a Claim
Notice in respect of any action at law or suit in equity by or against a
third Person as to which indemnification will be sought shall be given
promptly after the action or suit is commenced; and provided further, that
failure to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnitor of its
obligations hereunder except to the extent it shall have been prejudiced by
such failure.   (b) The Indemnitor shall have thirty (30) days after
the giving of any Claim Notice pursuant hereto to (i) agree to the amount set
forth in the Claim Notice and to direct the Escrow Agent to pay such amount
from the Escrow Amount (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.2)
to such Indemnified Person in immediately available funds, or (ii) to provide
such Indemnified Person and the Escrow Agent with notice that it disagrees
with the Claim or the amount or method of determination set forth in the
Claim Notice (the "Dispute Notice"). Within fifteen (15) days after the
giving of the Dispute Notice, representatives of Indemnitor and such
Indemnified Person shall negotiate in a bona fide attempt to resolve the
matter. In the event     44   that the controversy is not resolved
within thirty (30) days of the giving of the Dispute Notice, the Indemnified
Person may pursue its Claim by any means allowed by law.   (c) A Claim
shall be determined to be valid (i) if the Indemnitor agrees to the amount
set forth in the Claim Notice; (ii) if the Indemnified Person and the Escrow
Agent do not timely receive a Dispute Notice from the Indemnitor; (iii) if
the Indemnitor and Indemnified Person mutually agree upon an amount to settle
the Claim; or (iv) upon the Escrow Agent\'s receipt of a final, non-
appealable judgment, order or decree of the court or other judicial body or
arbitrator or panel of arbitrators of competent jurisdiction that decided the
underlying claim with respect to such amount that indicates whether the
Indemnified Person is entitled indemnification with regard to such Claim.
Once a Claim is determined to be valid, the Indemnified Person shall provide
written notice (the "Resolved Dispute Notice") to the Escrow Agent and the
Indemnitor. Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of the
Resolved Dispute Notice, the Escrow Agent shall distribute to the Indemnified
Person an amount in cash equal to the Claim (subject to the limitations set
forth in Section 11.2).   Section 11.4 Third Person Claims. If a claim
(including a claim by a Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes) by a
third Person is made against an Indemnified Person, and if such party intends
to seek indemnity with respect thereto under this Article XI, such
Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Indemnitor and the Escrow Agent
in writing of such claims, setting forth such claims in reasonable detail
and, in the case of Taxes, including copies of any notice or other document
received from any Tax authority in respect of such asserted Tax liability.
The Indemnitor shall have thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to
undertake, conduct and control, through counsel of its own choosing and at
its own expense, the settlement or defense thereof, and the Indemnified
Person shall cooperate with it in connection therewith; provided that the
Indemnified Person may participate in such settlement or defense through
counsel chosen by such Indemnified Person and paid at its own expense and
provided further that, if in the opinion of counsel for such
Indemnified Person there is a reasonable likelihood of a conflict of interest
between the Indemnitor and the Indemnified Person, the Indemnitor shall be
responsible for reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel to such
Indemnified Person in connection with such defense. So long as the Indemnitor
is reasonably contesting any such claim in good faith, the Indemnified Person
shall not pay or settle any such claim without the consent of the Indemnitor.
If the Indemnitor does not notify the Indemnified Person within thirty (30)
days after receipt of the Indemnified Person\'s notice of a claim of
indemnity hereunder that it elects to undertake the defense thereof, the
Indemnified Person shall have the right to undertake, at Indemnitor\'s cost,
risk and expense, the defense, compromise or settlement of the claim but
shall not thereby waive any right to indemnity therefore pursuant to this
Agreement. The Indemnitor shall not, except with the consent of the
Indemnified Person, enter into any settlement that does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the Person or Persons asserting such
claim to all Indemnified Persons of an unconditional release from all
liability with respect to such claim or consent to entry of any judgment  
Section 11.5 Tax Matters.   (a) Pre-Closing Periods. Buyer shall prepare or
cause to be prepared (on a basis consistent with past practice) and file or
cause to be filed all Tax Returns for the Acquired Companies for all Tax
periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date ("Pre-Closing
Periods")     45   which are filed after the Closing Date. To the
extent that the Indemnifying Stockholders may have liability with respect to
such Returns, Buyer (i) shall deliver all such Tax Returns to the Stockholder
Representative for a review at least fifteen (15) days prior to the filing
date of any such Tax Return (in cases involving Tax Returns not relating to
income taxes, if it is impracticable to deliver such Tax Returns 15 days
prior to the filing thereof, such Tax Returns shall be delivered to the
Stockholder Representative as far prior to the filing thereof as is
practicable); (ii) shall permit the Stockholder Representative to review and
comment on each such Tax Return described in the preceding sentence prior to
filing; and (iii) shall make such revisions to such Tax Returns as are
reasonably requested by the Stockholder Representative. Buyer shall be
reimbursed out of the Escrow Assets for any Taxes of the Acquired Companies
with respect to such periods within fifteen (15) days after payment by the
Buyer or any of the Acquired Companies of such Taxes, except to the
extent that such Taxes are reflected in the reserves for Tax Liability
(excluding any reserves for deferred Taxes to the extent such reserves are
established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income) shown
on the face of the Balance Sheet (rather than in any notes thereto) as
adjusted for operations through the Closing Date in accordance with the
Acquired Companies\' past custom and practice (the "Tax Reserves"); provided,
however, that the reimbursement provided for in this Section 11.5(a) shall be
treated as a Loss and shall be subject to the limitations set forth in
Section 11.2 and to the relevant limitation period provided for in Section
12.4; and provided, further, that with respect to Taxes of the Acquired
Companies for the taxable year that ends on the Closing Date, Buyer shall not
be reimbursed for any Taxes attributable to LIFO recapture income.   (b)
Straddle Periods. Buyer shall prepare or cause to be prepared (on a basis
consistent with past practice) and file or cause to be filed any Tax Returns
of the Acquired Companies with respect to any period beginning before the
Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date (a "Straddle Period"), and
shall pay or cause to be paid all Taxes due with respect to such Tax Returns.
To the extent that the Indemnifying Stockholders may have liability with
respect to such Returns, Buyer (i) shall deliver each such Tax Return to the
Stockholder Representative for review at least fifteen (15) days prior to the
filing date of any such Tax Return (in cases involving Tax Returns
not relating to income taxes, if it is impracticable to deliver such Tax
Returns 15 days prior to the filing thereof, such Tax Returns shall be
delivered to the Stockholder Representative as far prior to the filing
thereof as is practicable); (ii) shall permit the Stockholder Representative
to review and comment on each such Tax Return described in the preceding
sentence prior to filing; and (iii) shall make such revisions to such Tax
Returns as are reasonably requested by the Stockholder Representative,
provided that such revisions relate to the portion of the Straddle Period
that ends on the Closing Date. Buyer shall be reimbursed out of the Escrow
Assets within fifteen (15) days after the date on which Taxes are paid with
respect to such periods an amount equal to the portion of such Taxes which
relates to the portion of such Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date,
except to the extent such Taxes are reflected in the Tax Reserves; provided,
however, that the reimbursement provided for in this Section 11.5(a) shall be
treated as a Loss and shall be subject to the limitations set forth in
Section 11.2 and to the relevant limitation period provided for in Section
12.4. For purposes of the preceding sentence, in the case of any Taxes that
are imposed on a periodic basis and are payable for a Straddle Period, the
portion of such Tax that relates to the portion of such Straddle Period
ending on the Closing Date shall: (i) in the case of any Taxes other than
Taxes based upon or related to income or receipts, be deemed to be the amount
of such Tax for the entire Straddle Period multiplied by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of days in the portion of the    
46   Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date and the denominator of
which is the number of days in the Straddle Period, and (ii) in the case of
any Tax based upon or related to income or receipts, be deemed equal to the
amount which would be payable if the relevant Straddle Period ended on the
Closing Date; and provided, further, that with respect to Taxes of the
Acquired Companies for a Straddle Period, Buyer shall not be reimbursed for
any Taxes attributable to LIFO recapture income.   (c) Tax Refunds. The
Buyer shall pay into the Escrow Account all refunds or credits of Taxes
received by the Buyer or the Acquired Companies after the Closing Date and
prior to one year after the Effective Time, but only to the extent that such
refunds or credits are both (i) attributable to Taxes for a Pre-Closing
Period or the portion of a Straddle Period that ends on the Closing Date and
(ii) not attributable to any Taxes related to LIFO recapture income for
either a Straddle Period or the taxable year that ends on the
Closing Date.   (d) Cooperation on Tax Matters.   (i) Buyer, the Company,
and the Indemnifying Stockholders shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent
reasonably requested by the other party, in connection with the filing of Tax
Returns pursuant to this Agreement and any audit, litigation or other
proceeding with respect to Taxes. Such cooperation shall include the
retention and (upon the other party\'s request) the provision of records and
information which are reasonably relevant to any such audit, litigation or
other proceeding and making employees available on a mutually convenient
basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material
provided hereunder. The parties agree (A) to retain all books and records
with respect to Tax matters pertinent to the Company relating to any taxable
period beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration of the statute
of limitations (and, to the extent notified by Buyer or the
Stockholder Representative, any extensions thereof) of the respective Taxable
periods, and to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with
any Taxing authority, and (B) to give the other party reasonable written
notice prior to transferring, destroying or discarding any such books and
records and, if the other party so requests, the non-requesting party shall
allow the other party to take possession of such books and records, excluding
for all such purposes under this Section 11.5 any personal Tax Returns and
personal financial records.   (ii) Buyer and the Indemnifying Stockholders
further agree, upon reasonable request of the other party, to use their
commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain any certificate or other
document from any Governmental Authority or any other Person as may be
necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate any Tax that could be imposed
(including, but not limited to, with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby).   (e) Tax Treatment of Indemnity Payments. It is the intention of
the parties hereto that any payment under Section 11.1 or 11.5 shall
be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for federal, state,
provincial, local and foreign income tax purposes and the parties agree to
file their Tax Returns accordingly.     47    ARTICLE XII. 
MISCELLANEOUS   Section 12.1 Expenses. Except as otherwise specifically
provided herein, if the Merger is not consummated, Buyer and Buyer Sub, on
the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall each bear their
respective direct and indirect expenses and fees incurred in connection with
the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including, but not limited to, expenses and
fees incurred in connection with legal counsel, accountants and financial
advisors, except that any filing fees payable pursuant to the HSR Act shall
be paid 50% by the Indemnifying Stockholders on the one hand and 50% by Buyer
on the other hand.   Section 12.2 Liquidated Damages. In the event this
Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 10.1(a)(ii), and
provided that at the time of such termination the Buyer shall not otherwise
be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1, then the
Buyer shall promptly, but in no event later than two days after the date of
such termination or failure to close, pay the Company a fee of $18,000,000
(eighteen million dollars) by wire transfer of same day funds to an account
designated in writing by the Company to the Buyer. The parties agree that
such fee shall represent liquidated damages and not a penalty. The parties
further agree that the agreements contained in this Section 12.2 are an
integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and are an
inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement. The parties also
acknowledge that the precise damages to the Company in such an event would be
difficult or impossible to calculate and expressly agree that $18,000,000 is
a fair and reasonable estimate of those damages. The Company shall have no
right to any other remedy for any breach of any representation, warranty or
covenant by Buyer or Buyer Sub contained in this Agreement.   Section 12.3
Amendment. This Agreement shall not be amended or modified except by a
writing duly executed by all of the parties hereto.   Section 12.4 Survival
of Covenants and Representations and Warranties. All representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement or in any
certificate or instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall
terminate exactly one year after the Effective Time, provided, however, that
(a) the representations and warranties set forth in Section
4.2(a) (Capitalization), Section 5.1 (Authorization of the Transaction) and
5.3 (Ownership and Delivery of Shares) shall survive in perpetuity, and
provided further that those with respect to claims by any third party
beneficiary under Section 7.5 hereof shall terminate upon the completed
performance by the Buyer, Buyer Sub and the Surviving Corporation of all of
their respective obligations under such provision. If written notice of a
claim has been given to an indemnifying party prior to the expiration of the
applicable representation, warranty, covenant or agreement by a party in
whose favor such representation, warranty, covenant or agreement was made,
the relevant representation, warranty, covenant or agreement shall survive as
to such claim, until the claim has been finally resolved.   Section 12.5
Entire Agreement. This Agreement including the Schedules attached hereto
which are deemed for all purposes to be part of this Agreement, the Exhibits
hereto and the other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement, and the
Buyer Confidentiality Agreement and the Company Confidentiality    
48   Agreement, contain all of the terms, conditions and representations
and warranties agreed upon or made by the parties relating to the subject
matter of this Agreement and the businesses and operations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries and supersede all prior and contemporaneous
agreements, negotiations, correspondence, undertakings and communications of
the parties or their representatives, oral or written, respecting such
subject matter.   Section 12.6 Headings. The headings contained in this
Agreement are intended solely for convenience and shall not affect the rights
of the parties to this Agreement.   Section 12.7 Interpretation. Any
statute, regulation, or other law defined or referred to herein (or in any
agreement or instrument that is referred to herein) means such statute,
regulation or other law as, from time to time, may be amended, modified or
supplemented, including (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable
successor statutes. References to a person are also references to its
predecessors and permitted successors and assigns.   Section 12.8 Notices.
Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been delivered when delivered by hand or
sent by facsimile (with receipt confirmed), or if delivered by courier shall
be deemed given on the close of business on the second Business Day following
the day when deposited with an overnight courier or the close of business on
the fifth Business Day when deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, certified or registered addressed to the party at the address set
forth below, with copies sent to the persons indicated:   If to the Buyer or
Buyer Sub, to it at:   Fleming Companies, Inc.  1945 Lakepointe Drive 
Lewisville, Texas 75057  Attention: Carlos M. Hernandez, Esq.  Facsimile
Number: (972) 906-1494   With a copy to:   Latham and Watkins  505
Montgomery Street, Suite 1900  San Francisco, California 94111  Attention:
John M. Newell, Esq.  Facsimile Number: (415) 395-8095   If to the Company,
to it at:   Core-Mark International, Inc.  395 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite
415  South San Francisco, California 94080  Attention: Robert A. Allen 
Facsimile: (650) 589-4010     49    With a copy to:   Paul, Weiss,
Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison  1285 Avenue of the Americas  New York, New York
10019-6064  Attention: Richard S. Borisoff, Esq.  Facsimile Number: (212)
757-3990   If to Jupiter Partners L.P. or to the Stockholder 
Representative, to it at:   Jupiter Partners L.P.  30 Rockefeller Plaza 
Suite 4525  New York, New York 10112  Attention: Mr. John A. Sprague 
Facsimile Number: (212) 332-2828   If to Indemnifying Stockholders, to them
at  their address set forth under such  Indemnifying Stockholder\'s name on
the  signature page hereto.  Such addresses may be changed, from time to
time, by means of a notice given in the manner provided in this Section
12.8.   Section 12.9 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or
the application thereof to any Person or circumstance, is invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, (i) a substitute and equitable provision
shall be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid
and enforceable in such jurisdiction, the intent and purpose of the invalid
or unenforceable provision; and (ii) the remainder of this Agreement and
the application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not
be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity
or unenforceability of such provision affect the validity or enforceability
of such provision, or the application thereof, in any other jurisdiction.  
Section 12.10 Waiver. Waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement by
any party shall only be effective if in writing and shall not be construed
as a waiver of any subsequent breach or failure of the same term or
condition, or a waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement.  
Section 12.11 Binding Effect; Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted
successors and assigns. No party to this Agreement may assign or delegate, by
operation of law or otherwise, all or any portion of its rights, obligations
or liabilities under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the
other parties to this Agreement, which any such party may withhold in its
absolute discretion. Any purported assignment without such prior written
consents shall be void.     50    Section 12.12 No Third Party
Beneficiary. Except as expressly provided in Section 7.5 (Indemnification and
Insurance), nothing in this Agreement shall confer any rights, remedies or
claims upon any Person or entity not a party or a permitted assignee of a
party to this Agreement.   Section 12.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be
signed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if the
signatures to each counterpart were upon a single instrument, and all such
counterparts together shall be deemed an original of this Agreement.  
Section 12.14 Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws
thereof, except that the Merger shall be governed by the DGCL.     
51   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered
this Agreement as of the date first above written.   CORE-MARK
INTERNATIONAL, INC.  a Delaware corporation    By: /s/ Robert A. Allen 
-------------------------------------   Name: Robert A. Allen 
-----------------------------------   Title: President and Chief Executive 
Officer  ----------------------------------    FLEMING COMPANIES, INC. 
an Oklahoma corporation    By: /s/ Neal J. Rider 
-------------------------------------   Name: Neal J. Rider 
-----------------------------------   Title: Executive Vice President,
Chief  Financial Officer  ----------------------------------    PLATFORM
CORPORATION  a Delaware corporation    By: /s/ Carlos M. Hernandez 
-------------------------------------   Name: Carlos M. Hernandez 
-----------------------------------   Title: Secretary 
----------------------------------      INDEMNIFYING STOCKHOLDERS:   
JUPITER PARTNERS L.P.,  By Ganymede L.P., its General Partner  By Europa
L.P., its General Partner    By: /s/ John A. Sprague 
------------------------------  Name: John A. Sprague  Title: General
Partner    By: /s/ Robert A. Allen 
---------------------------------------  Robert A. Allen  395 Oyster Point
Blvd., Suite 415  South San Francisco, California 94080  Contact Number:
(650) 589-9445    By: /s/ Leo F. Korman 
--------------------------------------  Leo F. Korman  395 Oyster Point
Blvd., Suite 415  South San Francisco, California 94080  Contact Number:
(650) 589-9445    By: /s/ Basil P. Prokop 
--------------------------------------  Basil P. Prokop  395 Oyster Point
Blvd., Suite 415  South San Francisco, California 94080  Contact Number:
(650) 589-9445    By: /s/ Gary L. Walsh 
--------------------------------------  Gary L. Walsh  48 River Rock Road 
Sheridan, Wyoming 82801  Contact Number: (307) 673-5708       By: /s/
J. Michael Walsh  ---------------------------------------  J. Michael
Walsh  395 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 415  South San Francisco, California
94080  Contact Number: (650) 589-9445    By: /s/ Leo Granucci 
---------------------------------------  Leo Granucci  12550 Apple Orchard
Lane  Nevada City, California 95959  Contact Number: (530) 477-1614   
STOCKHOLDER REPRESENTATIVE   JUPITER PARTNERS L.P.,  By Ganymede L.P., its
General Partner  By Europa L.P., its General Partner    By: /s/ John A.
Sprague  -----------------------------  Name: John A. Sprague  Title:
General Partner      SCHEDULES   Schedule 1.1 Company\'s
Knowledge Schedule 4.2(a) Capitalization Schedule 4.2(b) Certain Outstanding
Contractual Obligations Schedule 4.3(a) Active and Inactive
Subsidiaries Schedule 4.3(b) Liens on Subsidiaries Schedule 4.5 Defaults or
Conflicts Schedule 4.6 Governmental Authorizations or Consents
Required Schedule 4.7 Permitted Encumbrances Schedule 4.8(a) Intellectual
Property Rights Schedule 4.8(b) Encumbrances on Intellectual
Property Schedule 4.11(a) Absence of Material Adverse Effect Schedule
4.11(b) Certain Changes or Events Schedule 4.12(a) Material
Contracts Schedule 4.12(b) Material Contract Defaults; Waiver or Consent
Requirements Schedule 4.12(c) Continuation of Material Contracts Schedule
4.13(a) Litigation Schedule 4.13(b) Litigation Schedule 4.14 Taxes Schedule
4.16(a) Employment Matters Schedule 4.16(b) Collective Bargaining
Agreements Schedule 4.17(a) Employee Benefit Plans Schedule 4.17(c) Funding
of Pension Plans Schedule 4.17(d) Contingent Liability with respect to
Multiemployer Plans Schedule 4.17(e) Canadian Employee Plans Schedule
4.17(f) Employee Benefit Plans affected by the Merger Schedule 4.19
Environmental Matters Schedule 4.20 Employee Relations Schedule 4.21
Insurance Schedule 4.22 Real Property Schedule 4.22(a) Encumbrances on
Leased Property Schedule 4.22(b) Landlord Consents Schedule 4.23
Transactions with Affiliates Schedule 4.27 Receivables Schedule 4.28
Customers Schedule 7.1 Exceptions to Affirmative Covenants Schedule 7.2(d)
Operating Sites          EXHIBITS   Exhibit A-1 Form of Non-
Compete Agreement  Exhibit A-2 Form of Non-Compete Agreement  Exhibit B
Surviving Corporation Certificate  Exhibit C Surviving Corporation By-
laws  Exhibit D Form of Escrow Agreement  Exhibit E Form of Lease
Estoppel  Exhibit F Form of Opinion of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and
Garrison  Exhibit G Form of Opinion of Keesal, Young and Logan  Exhibit H
Secretary\'s Certificate    EXHIBIT A-1  NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT    This
Non-Compete Agreement (the "Non-Compete Agreement"), dated as of April 23,
2002, is entered into by Fleming Companies, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation
("Buyer") and __________, an individual (the "Stockholder").   RECITALS  
A. The Stockholder is a stockholder of Core-Mark International, Inc. (the
"Company"). The Company and the Stockholder have been engaged primarily in
the wholesale distribution of packaged consumer products to the convenience
retail industry (the "Company Business").   B. Pursuant to an Agreement and
Plan of Merger dated as of April 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement") by and
among Buyer, Platform Corporation ("Buyer Sub"), the Company and the
stockholders of the Company, Buyer is acquiring all of the outstanding stock
of the Company in connection with the merger of Buyer Sub with and into the
Company.   C. The Stockholder acknowledges and agrees that this Non-Compete
Agreement is a material inducement to Buyer entering into the
Merger Agreement and that if Stockholder competes with Buyer or the Company,
Buyer will be deprived of the benefits it has bargained for pursuant to this
Non-Compete Agreement and the Merger Agreement. But for the Stockholder\'s
entry into this Non-Compete Agreement, Buyer would not have entered into the
Merger Agreement.   D. The Stockholder has obtained the advice of counsel
in connection with negotiating and executing this Non-Compete Agreement.  
AGREEMENT   NOW THEREFORE, as a material inducement to Buyer to acquire the
Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement, the parties hereby agree as follows:   1. Defined Terms.
Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.   2. Covenant Not To Compete. For
a period of three years from the Effective Time (the "Non-Competition
Period"), the Stockholder shall not, directly or indirectly, own, manage,
join, operate or control, or participate in the ownership, management,
operation or control of, or be engaged as a director, officer, employer,
employee, partner, consultant or independent contractor with, or permit the
Stockholder\'s name or intellectual property to be used      by or in
connection with, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
sole proprietorship or unincorporated business (whether or not for profit)
which directly or indirectly competes with the Company Business as currently
conducted within the Noncompetition Territory; it being understood that the
foregoing shall not limit the Stockholder from making passive investments
consisting of less than 1% of the outstanding equity securities in any entity
listed for trading on a national stock exchange or quoted on any recognized
automatic quotation system. "Noncompetition Territory" shall mean:   (a)
each and every county in California, including, without limitation,  the
following counties: Alameda, Alpine, Amador, Butte, Calaveras,  Colusa,
Contra Costa, Del Norte, El Dorado, Fresno, Glenn, Humboldt,  Imperial, Inyo,
Kern, Kings, Lake, Lassen, Los Angeles, Madera, Marin,  Mariposa, Mendocino,
Merced, Modoc, Mono, Monterey, Napa, Nevada,  Orange, Placer, Plumas,
Riverside, Sacramento, San Benito, San  Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco,
San Joaquin, San Luis Obispo, San  Mateo, Santa Barbara, Santa Clara, Santa
Cruz, Shasta, Sierra,  Siskiyou, Solano, Sonoma, Stanislaus, Sutter, Tehama,
Trinity, Tulare,  Tuolumne, Ventura, Yolo, Yuba; and   (b) all other areas
in which the Company Business is currently  conducted and anywhere else in
the United States of America or Canada.   3. Covenant Not to Solicit; No
Hire. During the Non-Competition Period, the Stockholder shall not solicit
for employment or hire, or solicit for retention or retain as director,
officer, employee, partner, consultant, independent contractor or otherwise,
any person who at any time during the Non-Competition Period was employed
(including any individual who served as a consultant or independent
contractor or otherwise and who effectively operated as an employee) by the
Company or one of its Subsidiaries. During the Non-Competition Period, the
Stockholder shall not hire, or attempt to hire, or retain or attempt to
retain as director, officer, employee, partner, consultant, independent
contractor or otherwise, any person who at any time during the Non-
Competition Period was employed (including any individual who served as a
consultant or independent contractor or otherwise and who effectively
operated as an employee) by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries.   4.
Customer Non-Interference. During the Non-Competition Period, the Stockholder
will not, directly or indirectly, either for himself or any other Person (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), induce or attempt to induce any customer,
supplier, licensee, or business relation of the Company to cease doing
business with the Company, or in any way interfere with the relationship
between any customer, supplier, licensee, or business relation of the
Company.   5. Customer Non-Solicitation. During the Non-Competition Period,
the Stockholder will not, directly or indirectly, either for himself or any
other Person, solicit the business of any Person known to the Stockholder
to be a customer of the Company, whether or not the Stockholder had
personal contact with such Person, with respect to products or
activities     2   which compete in whole or in part with the products
or activities of the Company Business.   6. No Disparagement. During the
Non-Competition Period, the Stockholder agrees that the Stockholder will not,
and will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Stockholder\'s agents do
not, take any action or make or publish any statement, whether oral or
written, which disparages in any material respect, directly or indirectly,
the Company or Buyer or any of the present or former employees, principals,
directors, partners or affiliates of the Company or Buyer, or which
interferes in any material respect with the ability of the Company or any of
its affiliates to market its products or services in any material respect, to
retain existing customer relationships or to obtain new customer
relationships.   7. Severability of Provisions. If any covenant set forth
in this Non-Compete Agreement is determined by any court to be unenforceable
by reason of its extending for too great a period of time or over too great
a geographic area, or by reason of its being too extensive in any other
respect, such covenant shall be interpreted to extend only for the longest
period of time and over the greatest geographic area, and to otherwise have
the broadest application, as shall be enforceable. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any particular provision of this Non-Compete Agreement
shall not affect the other provisions hereof, which shall continue in full
force and effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the covenants contained
herein shall be construed as separate covenants, covering their respective
subject matters, with respect to each of the separate cities, counties and
states of the United States, and each other country, and political
subdivision thereof, in which the Company transacts any business.   8.
Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice, request, instruction
or other document to be given hereunder by any party to the other shall be in
writing and delivered in person or by courier, telegraphed, telexed or by
facsimile transmission or mailed by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested (such mailed notice to be effective on the
date of such receipt is acknowledged), as follows:   If to Buyer:  
Fleming Companies, Inc.  1945 Lakepointe Drive  Lewisville, Texas 75057 
Attention: Carlos M. Hernandez, Esq.  Facsimile Number: (972) 906-1494  
With a copy to:   Latham and Watkins  505 Montgomery Street, Suite 1900  San
Francisco, CA 94111  Attention: John M. Newell, Esq.  Fax: (415)
395-8095     3    If to the Stockholder:   Attention:  Fax:   With
a copy to:   Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison  1285 Avenue of the
Americas  New York, New York 10019-6064  Attention: Richard S. Borisoff,
Esq.  Fax: (212) 757-3990  Any party may, from time to time, designate any
other address to which any such notice to it, him or her shall be sent. Any
such notice shall be deemed to have been delivered upon receipt.   9.
Incorporation of Recitals; Acknowledgement; No Employment Agreement. The
Recitals to this Non-Compete Agreement are incorporated fully herein and
shall be treated as an integral part of this Non-Compete Agreement. Each of
the Stockholder and Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the covenants
and agreements contained in this Agreement have been negotiated in good faith
by the parties, and are reasonable and are not more restrictive or broader
than necessary to protect the interests of the parties hereto, and would not
achieve their intended purpose if they were on different terms or for periods
of time shorter than the periods of time provided herein or applied in more
restrictive geographical areas than are provided herein. Each party further
acknowledges that Buyer would not enter into the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby in the absence of the covenants and
agreements contained in this Agreement and that such covenants and agreements
are essential to protect the value of the Company and the Company Business.
This Agreement is not, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as,
an agreement to provide employment to the Stockholder.   10. Entire
Agreement; Amendments and Waivers. This Non-Compete Agreement, the Merger
Agreement and Ancillary Agreements (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
constitute the complete, final and exclusive statement of the agreement among
the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior
agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or
written, of the parties. No amendment, supplement, modification, rescission
or waiver of this Non-Compete Agreement     4   shall be binding unless
executed in writing by the parties. No waiver of any of the provisions of
this Non-Compete Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a continuing
waiver unless otherwise expressly provided. The parties expressly acknowledge
that they have not relied upon any prior agreements,
understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written.  
11. Assignment; Benefit; Binding Effect. The Stockholder agrees that Buyer
may assign its rights and obligations under this Non-Compete Agreement to any
successor-in-interest. Except as expressly provided in this paragraph, no
party may assign its rights and obligations under this Non-Compete Agreement,
and any attempt to do so shall be void. Subject to the foregoing, the rights
and obligations of the parties under this Non-Compete Agreement shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon their respective successors
and assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon execution and shall
become effective at the Effective Time; provided, however, that this
Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect if the Merger
Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.   12. Injunctive
Relief; Costs. The Stockholder agrees that (a) the provisions of Sections 2,
3, 4, 5 and 6 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate
interests of Buyer, and (b) any violation of Sections 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 will
result in irreparable injury to Buyer, the exact amount of which will be
difficult to ascertain, and that the remedies at law for any such violation
would not be reasonable or adequate compensation to Buyer for such
a violation. Accordingly, the Stockholder agrees that if he violates
the provisions of Sections 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 Buyer shall be entitled to
specific performance and injunctive relief, without posting bond or other
security, and without the necessity of proving actual damages, in addition to
any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, including
consequential damages.   13. Choice of Law. This Non-Compete Agreement shall
be construed, interpreted and the rights of the parties determined in
accordance with the laws of the State of California, as applied to agreements
among California residents entered into and wholly to be performed within the
State of California (without reference to any choice of law rules that would
require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction).   14.
Captions. All Section titles or captions contained in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not be deemed as part of this Agreement.     
[Signature page follows.]     5    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Non-Compete Agreement as of the day and year first
above written.    BUYER   FLEMING COMPANIES, INC.  an Oklahoma
corporation    By:  --------------------------------------   Name: 
------------------------------------   Title: 
-----------------------------------   STOCKHOLDER   
-----------------------------------------     [Signature page to Non-
Compete Agreement]       EXHIBIT A-2  NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT    This
Non-Compete Agreement (the "Non-Compete Agreement"), dated as of April 23,
2002, is entered into by Fleming Companies, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation
("Buyer") and Jupiter Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the
"Stockholder").   RECITALS   A. The Stockholder is a stockholder of Core-
Mark International, Inc. (the "Company"). The Company has been engaged
primarily in the wholesale distribution of packaged consumer products to the
convenience retail industry (the "Company Business").   B. Pursuant to an
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 23, 2002 (the "Merger
Agreement") by and among Buyer, Platform Corporation ("Buyer Sub"), the
Company and the stockholders of the Company, Buyer is acquiring all of the
outstanding stock of the Company in connection with the merger of Buyer Sub
with and into the Company.   C. The Stockholder acknowledges and agrees that
this Non-Compete Agreement is a material inducement to Buyer entering into
the Merger Agreement and that if Stockholder competes with Buyer or the
Company, Buyer will be deprived of the benefits it has bargained for pursuant
to this Non-Compete Agreement and the Merger Agreement. But for the
Stockholder\'s entry into this Non-Compete Agreement, Buyer would not have
entered into the Merger Agreement.   D. The Stockholder is indirectly
controlled by John Sprague and Terry Blumer who also control Jupiter Partners
II L.P.. Stockholder acknowledges and agrees that for Buyer to receive the
benefit it has bargained for pursuant to this Non-Compete Agreement and the
Merger Agreement, John Sprague, Terry Blumer and Jupiter Partners II L.P. and
any other investment partnership formed by John Sprague and Terry Blumer must
be also be bound by the Stockholder\'s obligations hereto.   E. The
Stockholder has obtained the advice of counsel in connection with negotiating
and executing this Non-Compete Agreement.   AGREEMENT   NOW THEREFORE, as
a material inducement to Buyer to acquire the Company in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the parties hereby agree as
follows:   1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein
without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger
Agreement.       2. Covenant Not To Compete. For a period of three years
from the Effective Time (the "Non-Competition Period"), the Stockholder shall
not, directly or indirectly, own, manage, join, operate or control, or
participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be
engaged as a director, officer, employer, employee, partner, consultant or
independent contractor with, or permit the Stockholder\'s name or
intellectual property to be used by or in connection with, any corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, sole proprietorship or unincorporated
business (whether or not for profit) which directly or indirectly competes
with the Company Business as currently conducted in the Noncompetition
Territory; it being understood that the foregoing shall not limit the
Stockholder from making passive investments consisting of less than 1% of the
outstanding equity securities in any entity listed for trading on a national
stock exchange or quoted on any recognized automatic quotation system.
"Noncompetition Territory" shall mean:   (a) each and every county in
California, including, without limitation,  the following counties: Alameda,
Alpine, Amador, Butte, Calaveras,  Colusa, Contra Costa, Del Norte, El
Dorado, Fresno, Glenn, Humboldt,  Imperial, Inyo, Kern, Kings, Lake, Lassen,
Los Angeles, Madera, Marin,  Mariposa, Mendocino, Merced, Modoc, Mono,
Monterey, Napa, Nevada,  Orange, Placer, Plumas, Riverside, Sacramento, San
Benito, San  Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Joaquin, San Luis
Obispo, San  Mateo, Santa Barbara, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Shasta, Sierra, 
Siskiyou, Solano, Sonoma, Stanislaus, Sutter, Tehama, Trinity, Tulare, 
Tuolumne, Ventura, Yolo, Yuba; and   (b) all other areas in which the
Company Business is currently  conducted and anywhere else in the United
States of America or Canada.   3. Covenant Not to Solicit; No Hire. During
the Non-Competition Period, the Stockholder shall not solicit for employment
or hire, or solicit for retention or retain as director, officer,
employee, partner, consultant, independent contractor or otherwise, any
person who at the Effective Time was employed (including any individual who
served as a consultant or independent contractor or otherwise and who
effectively operated as an employee) by the Company or one of its
Subsidiaries. During the Non-Competition Period, the Stockholder shall not
hire, or attempt to hire, or retain or attempt to retain as director,
officer, employee, partner, consultant, independent contractor or otherwise,
any person who at the Effective Time was employed (including any individual
who served as a consultant or independent contractor or otherwise and who
effectively operated as an employee) by the Company or one of its
Subsidiaries.   4. Customer Non-Interference. During the Non-
Competition Period, the Stockholder will not, directly or indirectly, either
for itself or any other Person (as defined in the Merger Agreement), induce
or attempt to induce any customer, supplier, licensee, or business relation
of the Company to cease doing business with the Company, or in any way
interfere with the relationship between any customer, supplier, licensee, or
business relation of the Company.     2    5. Customer Non-
Solicitation. During the Non-Competition Period, the Stockholder will not,
directly or indirectly, either for itself or any other Person, solicit the
business of any Person known to the Stockholder to be a customer of the
Company, whether or not the Stockholder had personal contact with such
Person, with respect to products or activities which compete in whole or in
part with the products or activities of the Company Business.   6. No
Disparagement. During the Non-Competition Period, the Stockholder agrees that
the Stockholder will not, and will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the
Stockholder\'s agents do not, take any action or make or publish any
statement, whether oral or written, which disparages in any material respect,
directly or indirectly, the Company or Buyer or any of the present or former
employees, principals, directors, partners or affiliates of the Company or
Buyer, or which interferes in any material respect with the ability of the
Company or any of its affiliates to market its products or services in any
material respect, to retain existing customer relationships or to obtain new
customer relationships.   7. Obligations of Related Parties. Stockholder
shall cause John Sprague, Terry Blumer, Jupiter Partners II L.P. and any
other investment partnership formed by John Sprague and Terry Blumer to be
bound by and adhere to Stockholder\'s obligations set forth in this Non-
Compete Agreement as if they were the "Stockholder" hereunder. Stockholder
shall indemnify Buyer and Buyer Sub from any losses or damages incurred by
Buyer and Buyer Sub resulting from actions by John Sprague, Terry Blumer,
Jupiter Partners II L.P. or any other investment partnership formed by John
Sprague and Terry Blumer that, if such action had been taken by Stockholder,
violates Stockholder\'s obligations set forth in Sections 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 of
this Non-Compete Agreement.   8. Severability of Provisions. If any covenant
set forth in this Non-Compete Agreement is determined by any court to be
unenforceable by reason of its extending for too great a period of time or
over too great a geographic area, or by reason of its being too extensive in
any other respect, such covenant shall be interpreted to extend only for the
longest period of time and over the greatest geographic area, and to
otherwise have the broadest application, as shall be enforceable. The
invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Non-
Compete Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, which shall
continue in full force and effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the
covenants contained herein shall be construed as separate covenants, covering
their respective subject matters, with respect to each of the separate
cities, counties and states of the United States, and each other country, and
political subdivision thereof, in which the Company transacts any
business.   9. Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, any
notice, request, instruction or other document to be given hereunder by any
party to the other shall be in writing and delivered in person or by courier,
telegraphed, telexed or by facsimile transmission or mailed by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested (such mailed notice
to be effective on the date of such receipt is acknowledged), as
follows:     3    If to Buyer:   Fleming Companies, Inc.  1945
Lakepointe Drive  Lewisville, Texas 75057  Attention: Carlos M. Hernandez,
Esq.  Facsimile Number: (972) 906-1494   With a copy to:   Latham and
Watkins  505 Montgomery Street, Suite 1900  San Francisco, CA 94111 
Attention: John M. Newell, Esq.  Fax: (415) 395-8095   If to the
Stockholder:   Jupiter Partners L.P.  30 Rockefeller Plaza  Suite 4525 
New York, New York 10112  Attention: Mr. John Sprague  Fax: (212)
332-2828   With a copy to:   Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison 
1285 Avenue of the Americas  New York, New York 10019-6064  Attention:
Richard S. Borisoff, Esq.  Fax: (212) 757-3990  Any party may, from time to
time, designate any other address to which any such notice to it, him or her
shall be sent. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been delivered upon
receipt.   10. Incorporation of Recitals; Acknowledgement. The Recitals to
this Non-Compete Agreement are incorporated fully herein and shall be
treated as an integral part of this Non-Compete Agreement. Each of the
Stockholder and Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the covenants and
agreements contained in this Agreement have been negotiated in good faith by
the parties, and are reasonable and are not more restrictive or broader than
necessary to protect the interests of the parties hereto, and would not
achieve their intended purpose if they were on different terms or for periods
of time shorter than the periods of time provided herein or applied    
4   in more restrictive geographical areas than are provided herein. Each
party further acknowledges that Buyer would not enter into the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby in the absence of the
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and that such covenants
and agreements are essential to protect the value of the Company and the
Company Business.   11. Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers. This Non-
Compete Agreement, the Merger Agreement and Ancillary Agreements (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) constitute the complete, final and exclusive
statement of the agreement among the parties pertaining to the subject matter
hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and
discussions, whether oral or written, of the parties. No amendment,
supplement, modification, rescission or waiver of this Non-Compete Agreement
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties. No waiver of any
of the provisions of this Non-Compete Agreement shall be deemed or shall
constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided. The
parties expressly acknowledge that they have not relied upon any prior
agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or
written.   12. Assignment; Benefit; Binding Effect. The Stockholder agrees
that Buyer may assign its rights and obligations under this Non-
Compete Agreement to any successor-in-interest. Except as expressly provided
in this paragraph, no party may assign its rights and obligations under this
Non-Compete Agreement, and any attempt to do so shall be void. Subject to the
foregoing, the rights and obligations of the parties under this Non-Compete
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon their respective
successors and assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon execution and
shall become effective at the Effective Time; provided, however, that this
Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect if the Merger
Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.   13. Injunctive
Relief; Costs. The Stockholder agrees that (a) the provisions of Sections 2,
3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate
interests of Buyer, and (b) any violation of Sections 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 will
result in irreparable injury to Buyer, the exact amount of which will be
difficult to ascertain, and that the remedies at law for any such violation
would not be reasonable or adequate compensation to Buyer for such
a violation. Accordingly, the Stockholder agrees that if he violates
the provisions of Sections 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7, Buyer shall be entitled to
specific performance and injunctive relief, without posting bond or other
security, and without the necessity of proving actual damages, in addition to
any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, including
consequential damages.   14. Choice of Law. This Non-Compete Agreement shall
be construed, interpreted and the rights of the parties determined in
accordance with the laws of the State of California, as applied to agreements
among California residents entered into and wholly to be performed within the
State of California (without reference to any choice of law rules that would
require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction).    
5    15. Captions. All Section titles or captions contained in
this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be deemed as part of
this Agreement.       [Signature page follows.]     6    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Non-Compete Agreement
as of the day and year first above written.    BUYER   FLEMING COMPANIES,
INC.  an Oklahoma corporation    By: 
--------------------------------------   Name: 
------------------------------------   Title: 
-----------------------------------   STOCKHOLDER   JUPITER PARTNERS
L.P.,  By Ganymede L.P., its General Partner  By Europa L.P., its General
Partner    By:  --------------------------------  Name: John A. Sprague 
Title: General Partner     [Signature page to Non-Compete
Agreement]       EXHIBIT D   ESCROW AGREEMENT   This ESCROW
AGREEMENT (this "Escrow Agreement") is made as of __________, 2002 by and
among Jupiter Partners L.P., as representative of the stockholders (the
"Stockholder Representative") of Core-Mark International, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), Fleming Companies, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation
("Buyer"), and __________________, as escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent").
Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April __,
2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and between the Company, Buyer, Platform
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub"), and all stockholders of
the Company (the "Indemnifying Stockholders").   WHEREAS, the Company,
Buyer, Merger Sub and the Indemnifying Stockholders have entered into the
Merger Agreement, pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the
Company (the "Merger"); and   WHEREAS, the Merger Agreement provides that
Buyer shall deposit with the Escrow Agent fifteen million dollars
($15,000,000) in cash of the Merger Consideration (the "Escrow Amount") to
satisfy indemnity obligations to Buyer under the Merger Agreement; and  
WHEREAS, the Merger Agreement provides that each Indemnifying Stockholder
shall be deemed to have contributed such holder\'s pro rata portion of the
Escrow Amount;   WHEREAS, the Indemnifying Stockholders have appointed
the Stockholder Representative as their agent with powers of attorney to bind
such Indemnifying Stockholders with respect to their indemnifications and
the distributions from the Escrow Amount; and   WHEREAS, Buyer and the
Stockholder Representative hereby appoint the Escrow Agent as agent for Buyer
and the Stockholder Representative, to hold, invest, reinvest and disburse
the Escrow Amount, on behalf of Buyer and the Indemnifying Stockholders,
pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and this Escrow Agreement, and
by its execution and delivery hereof the Escrow Agent accepts such
appointment.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereby agree as
follows:   ARTICLE I.  ESCROW ACCOUNT   Section 1.1 Establishment of
Escrow Amount. On the date hereof Buyer has delivered to the Escrow Agent on
behalf of the Indemnifying Stockholders, and the Escrow Agent acknowledges
receipt of, the Escrow Amount to be held and administered by the Escrow Agent
in accordance with the terms hereof. The Escrow Amount shall be used to
satisfy indemnity obligations owed to Buyer pursuant to the terms of the
Merger Agreement.       Section 1.2 Investment of Funds. The Escrow
Agent shall invest and reinvest any funds in the Escrow Amount (i) as
directed by the Stockholder Representative in government obligations which
are exempt from federal and New York state income taxes, composed of
obligations issued or guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by a
government entity based in the United States with a rating at the time as of
which any investment therein is made, of at least "A-" according to Standard
and Poor\'s Rating Group or at least "A3" according to Moody\'s Investors
Services, Inc. or (ii) as otherwise directed in writing by both Buyer and the
Stockholder Representative, until such time as the entire amount of the
Escrow Amount is disbursed from escrow by the Escrow Agent in accordance with
the terms of this Escrow Agreement. All payments of interest on such
investments and other accretions thereto shall be distributed as follows: (i)
Ninety-five percent shall be distributed pro rata to the Indemnifying
Stockholders or as the Stockholder Representative may designate in writing on
the last Business Day of each month; and (ii) five percent shall
be distributed to Buyer. Escrow Agent or its nominee shall be the record
owner of any securities or other investments in which the assets of the
Escrow Amount are from time to time invested or reinvested. In no event shall
any part of the Escrow Amount be commingled with any other funds held by the
Escrow Agent or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The Escrow
Agent shall, promptly following the end of each calendar month, send Buyer
and the Stockholder Representative a statement of holdings and transactions
with respect to the Escrow Amount (the "Statement of Holdings") in form and
substance customarily provided to clients, which statement shall include,
without limitation, (i) the amount of interest or other income received
during such calendar month in respect of the Escrow Amount, identifying the
type(s) and source(s) of such income, and (ii) any disbursements from the
Escrow Amount. The Escrow Agent shall have the right to liquidate any
investments held in order to provide funds necessary to make required
disbursements under this Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agent in its capacity
as escrow agent hereunder shall not have any liability for any loss sustained
as a result of any investment made pursuant to the instructions of the
parties hereto or as a result of any liquidation of any investment prior to
its maturity or for the failure of the parties to give the Escrow Agent
instructions to invest or reinvest the Escrow Amount or any earnings
thereon.   ARTICLE II.  INDEMNIFICATION   Section 2.1 Indemnification
Payments. The Escrow Agent shall retain the Escrow Amount to satisfy the
indemnification rights of Buyer under Article XI of the Merger Agreement in
accordance with Section 3.7 of the Merger Agreement and the following
provisions of this Article II. All claims asserted by Buyer hereunder, and
all other actions of Buyer and the Stockholder Representative subsequent
thereto, shall be in strict conformity with, and subject to, the provisions
of Article XI of the Merger Agreement which claims and actions the Escrow
Agent shall be entitled to rely on as conclusive evidence of such conformity.
The validity and amount of any and all such claims shall be determined in
accordance with the provisions of Article XI of the Merger Agreement, and
nothing herein shall be deemed or construed to expand the rights of Buyer
thereunder. In the event of any inconsistency between any provision of the
Merger Agreement, including Section 3.7 and Article XI thereof, and
any provision of this Escrow Agreement, the provisions of the Merger
Agreement shall govern.     2    (a) Buyer may from time to time make
demand of the Escrow Agent for payment of claims made pursuant to Article XI
of the Merger Agreement by serving upon the Escrow Agent and the Stockholder
Representative (with a copy to each Indemnifying Stockholder) a written
notice (pursuant to Section 11.3 of the Merger Agreement) demanding payment
of an indemnification claim arising under the Merger Agreement (a "Buyer
Claim").   (b) The Stockholder Representative may reply to a Buyer Claim
made under Section 2.1(a) hereof by written notice given to Buyer and the
Escrow Agent stating (i) Stockholder Representative agrees to the amount set
forth in the Buyer Claim and directs Escrow Agent to pay such amount from the
Escrow Amount (subject to the limitation set forth in the Merger Agreement)
or (ii) Stockholder Representative disagrees with the Buyer Claim or the
amount or method of computation set forth in the Buyer Claim (the "Dispute
Notice"). If, within thirty (30) days after the later of the receipt by the
Stockholder Representative or the receipt by Escrow Agent of the Buyer Claim,
the Stockholder Representative agrees in writing to such Buyer Claim or does
not give to the Escrow Agent and Buyer a Dispute Notice, then the Escrow
Agent shall disburse from the Escrow Amount the amount of such Buyer Claim to
Buyer. If, within said thirty (30) day period, the Stockholder Representative
gives a Dispute Notice to Buyer and Escrow Agent which states that it agrees
with a portion of such Buyer Claim and disagrees with a portion thereof, the
Escrow Agent shall disburse to Buyer only that portion of the Buyer Claim to
which the Stockholder Representative agrees and the balance of such Buyer
Claim shall be processed under Section 2.1(c) hereof.   (c) If the notice
given by the Stockholder Representative under Section 2.1(b) hereof is a
Dispute Notice, then the disputed portion of the Buyer Claim, shall be
treated as a disputed claim (a "Disputed Claim") and the amount of
such Disputed Claim shall be held by the Escrow Agent until the earlier to
occur of (i) the Escrow Agent\'s receipt of a joint direction executed by the
Stockholder Representative and Buyer with respect to such amount or (ii) the
Escrow Agent\'s receipt of a final, non-appealable judgment, order or decree
of the court or other judicial body or arbitrator or panel of arbitrators of
competent jurisdiction that decided the underlying claim with respect to such
amount that indicates whether Buyer is entitled to indemnification with
regard to the Disputed Claim (any such joint direction, final judgment, order
or decree being a "Determination of Claim"). Upon receipt of a Determination
of Claim, the Escrow Agent shall disburse to Buyer from the Escrow Amount
that portion of the Disputed Claim, if any, up to the whole thereof, as is
required by the Determination of Claim.   (d) With respect to any
disbursements to Buyer under Section 2.1(b) or Section 2.1(c), the Escrow
Agent shall pay the undisputed portion of the Buyer Claim or the amount
required under a Determination of Claim out of the Escrow Amount in
immediately available funds by wire transfer to such accounts as Buyer shall
have designated to the Escrow Agent in writing unless the joint
direction, judgment, order or decree otherwise indicates.   (e) Any payment
made to Buyer pursuant to this Section 2 shall be made within 10 Business
Days of the determination of the amount to be paid under Section 2.1(b) or
(c), as the case may be. Any amount paid to Buyer pursuant to this Section 2
shall constitute a "Disbursed Claim." In no event shall the total amount of
Disbursed Claims exceed the Escrow Amount.     3    Section 2.2 Release
of Escrow Amount; Termination of the Escrow Agreement. On the first
anniversary of the date hereof, or, if not a Business Day, the next following
Business Day (the period from the date hereof to such first anniversary, the
"Escrow Period"), the Escrow Agent shall disburse all of the remaining funds
in the Escrow Amount to the Stockholder Representative or as the Stockholder
Representative may designate in writing less the amount, as of such date, of
all Buyer Claims that have not become the subject of a Determination of Claim
or, to the extent that the Buyer Claims have become the subject of a
Determination of Claim in favor of Buyer, have not become Disbursed Claims
(such amount being the "Retained Amount"), if any, and the Escrow Agent shall
retain the Retained Amount in escrow, to be held, administered and disbursed
in accordance with the terms of Section 3.7(b) and Article XI of the Merger
Agreement and this Escrow Agreement. Any portion of the Retained Amount that
is thereafter determined pursuant to a Determination of Claim not to
be payable to Buyer shall be paid to the Indemnifying Stockholders pro
rata according to their interest in the Escrow Amount or as the
Stockholder Representative may designate in writing, within the period that
such payment would have been payable to Buyer under Section 2.1(e) had the
amount of the Buyer Claim been required to have been paid to Buyer.  
Section 2.3 Compensation and Reimbursement of Escrow Agent.   (a) Buyer and
the Stockholder Representative shall pay the Escrow Agent compensation and
fees for its services as set forth in Schedule 1 attached hereto, which
amounts shall be paid fifty percent (50%) by Buyer and fifty percent (50%) by
the Stockholder Representative.   (b) Buyer and the Stockholder
Representative shall each reimburse the Escrow Agent upon request for 50% of
all expenses, disbursements, and advances incurred or made by the Escrow
Agent in implementing any of the provisions of this Escrow Agreement,
including compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its counsel,
except any such expense, disbursement, or advance as may arise from its
fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith.   Section 2.4
Statement of Disbursements. As promptly as practicable following the
disbursement of any funds of the Escrow Amount pursuant to any provision of
Article II, the Escrow Agent shall send a written statement to Buyer and the
Stockholder Representative stating the amount of the disbursement.   Section
2.5 Responsibilities of the Escrow Agent.   (a) The Escrow Agent shall
exercise the same degree of care toward the Escrow Amount as it exercises
toward its own similar property and shall not be held to any higher standard
of care under this Escrow Agreement.   (b) The Escrow Agent shall be
obligated to perform only such duties as are expressly set forth in the
Merger Agreement and in this Escrow Agreement. No implied covenants or
obligations shall be inferred from this Escrow Agreement against the Escrow
Agent, nor shall the Escrow Agent be bound by the provisions of any agreement
concerning the Buyer, the Stockholder Representative or the Indemnifying
Stockholders beyond the specific terms hereof.     4    (c) The Escrow
Agent shall not be liable hereunder except for its own fraud, gross
negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith and Buyer and the Stockholder
Representative agree to indemnify the Escrow Agent for and hold it harmless
as to any loss, liability (other than any income tax liability of the Escrow
Agent attributable to payments required to be made to the Escrow
Agent pursuant to this Escrow Agreement), or expense, including attorney
fees, incurred without fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad
faith on the part of the Escrow Agent and arising out of or in connection
with the Escrow Agent\'s duties under this Escrow Agreement. Each of Buyer
and the Stockholder Representative shall be responsible for fifty percent
(50%) of such indemnification responsibilities. Specifically and without
limiting the foregoing, the Escrow Agent shall in no event have any liability
in connection with its investment, reinvestment or liquidation, in good faith
and in accordance with the terms hereof, of any property held in the Escrow
Amount, including without limitation, any liability for any delay not
resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith in
such investment, reinvestment or liquidation, or for any loss of income
incident to any such delay. Anything in this Escrow Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding, in no event shall the Escrow Agent be liable for special,
indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including,
but not limited to, lost profits), even if the Escrow Agent has been advised
of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of
action.   (d) The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any
order, judgment, certification, instruction, notice or other writing
delivered to it in compliance with the provisions of this Escrow Agreement
without being required to determine the authenticity or the correctness of
any fact stated therein or the propriety or validity of service thereof. The
Escrow Agent may act in reliance upon any instrument comporting with the
provisions of this Escrow Agreement or signature believed by it to be genuine
and may assume that any person purporting to give notice or receipt or advice
or make any statement or execute any document in connection with the
provisions hereof has been duly authorized to do so. At any time the Escrow
Agent may request in writing an instruction in writing from Buyer and the
Stockholder Representative, and may at its own option include in such request
the course of action it proposes to take and the date on which it proposes to
act, regarding any matter arising in connection with its duties and
obligations hereunder. The Escrow Agent shall not be liable for acting
without the consent of Buyer and the Stockholder Representative in accordance
with such a proposal on or after the date specified therein, provided that
the specified date shall be at least ten Business Days after Buyer and the
Stockholder Representative receive the Escrow Agent\'s request for
instructions and its proposed course of action, and provided further that,
prior to so acting, the Escrow Agent has not received the
written instructions requested.   (e) The Escrow Agent may act pursuant to
the advice of counsel chosen by it with respect to any matter relating to
this Escrow Agreement and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted
in accordance with such advice.   (f) The Escrow Agent makes no
representation as to the validity, value, genuineness or collectability of
any security or other document or instrument held by or delivered to it.  
(g) The Escrow Agent shall not be called upon to advise any party as
to selling or retaining, or taking or refraining from taking any action
with respect to, any securities or other property deposited or acquired by
it hereunder.     5    (h) In the event of any ambiguity in the
provisions of this Escrow Agreement or any dispute between or conflicting
claims by or among the undersigned and/or any other person or entity with
respect to any funds or property deposited hereunder, the Escrow Agent shall
be entitled, at its sole option, to refuse to comply with any and all claims,
demands or instructions with respect to such property or funds so long as
such dispute or conflict shall continue, and the Escrow Agent shall not be or
become liable in any way to the undersigned for its failure or refusal to
comply with such conflicting claims, demands or instructions. The Escrow
Agent shall be entitled to refuse to act until, at its sole option, either
such conflicting or adverse claims or demands shall have been finally
determined by binding arbitration or a court of competent jurisdiction or
settled by agreement between the conflicting parties as evidenced in a
writing, satisfactory to the Escrow Agent or the Escrow Agent shall have
received security or an indemnity satisfactory to the Escrow Agent sufficient
to save the Escrow Agent harmless from and against any and all
loss, liability or expense which the Escrow Agent may incur by reason of its
acting. The Escrow Agent may in addition elect in its sole option to commence
an interpleader action or seek other judicial relief or orders as the Escrow
Agent may deem necessary.   (i) No provision of this Escrow Agreement shall
require the Escrow Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur
any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties
hereunder.   (j) The immunities and exceptions from liability of the Escrow
Agent shall extend to its officers, directors, employees and agents.   (k)
The provisions of this Section 2.5 shall survive termination of this Escrow
Agreement and/or the resignation or removal of the Escrow Agent.   Section
2.6 Notices. All notices, claims, requests, responses, objections and other
communications given or made pursuant to this Escrow Agreement shall be in
writing and dispatched by the same means to all of the parties on the same
day and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered (a) personally,
(b) by mail, via certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, (c) by confirmed facsimile or (d) by a nationally recognized
courier service, to the parties at the following address (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   If to the
Stockholder Representative:   Jupiter Partners L.P.  30 Rockefeller Plaza 
Suite 4525  New York, New York 10112  Attention: Mr. John A. Sprague 
Facsimile Number: (212) 332-2828     6    With a copy to:   Paul,
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison  1285 Avenue of the Americas  New York,
NY 10019-6064  Attn: Richard S. Borisoff  Facsimile: (212) 492-0153 
Telephone: (212) 373-3000   If to Buyer:   Fleming Companies, Inc.  1945
Lakepointe Drive  Lewisville, Texas 75057  Attention: Carlos M. Hernandez,
Esq.  Facsimile Number: (972) 906-1494   With a copy to:   Latham and
Watkins  505 Montgomery Street, Suite 1900  San Francisco, California
94111-2562  Attn: John M. Newell  Facsimile: (415) 395-8095  Telephone:
(415) 391-0600   If to the Escrow Agent:       If to the Indemnifying
Stockholders, to each at the address  set forth under such Indemnifying
Stockholder\'s name on the  signature page hereto.   Any such notice shall
be effective when delivered in person or by courier service, when facsimile
confirmation is received, or on the date receipt acknowledged, if by
certified mail, return receipt requested. All notices to the Escrow Agent
shall be deemed to have been given on the date actually received by the
Escrow Agent.   Section 2.7 Withdrawal. Escrow Agent (and any successor
Escrow Agent) may at any time resign as such by delivering the Escrow Amount
to any successor Escrow Agent jointly designated by Buyer and the Stockholder
Representative in writing, or to any court of competent jurisdiction,
whereupon Escrow Agent shall be discharged of and from any and all further
obligations arising in connection with this Escrow Agreement. Prior to the
effectiveness of such resignation, Buyer and the Stockholder Representative
shall mutually appoint a new Escrow Agent, which shall be a bank or national
banking association. The resignation of Escrow Agent will take effect on the
earlier of (a) the appointment of a successor (including a court of competent
jurisdiction) or (b) the day which is 30 days after the date of delivery of
its written notice of resignation to the other parties hereto. If at that
time Escrow Agent has not received a designation of a successor Escrow Agent,
Escrow Agent\'s sole responsibility after that time shall     7   be
to retain and safeguard the Escrow Amount until receipt of a designation
of successor Escrow Agent or a joint written disposition instruction by Buyer
and the Stockholder Representative or a final non-appealable order of a court
of competent jurisdiction.   Section 2.8 Assignment.   (a) This Escrow
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but neither
this Escrow Agreement, nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned by any party hereto. This Escrow Agreement is not
intended, nor shall it be construed, to confer upon any person except the
parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns any rights or
remedies under or by reason of this Escrow Agreement, except as
contemplated herein and in the Merger Agreement.   (b) Any corporation into
which the Escrow Agent in its individual capacity may be merged or converted
or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any
merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Escrow Agent in its
individual capacity shall be a party, or any corporation to which
substantially all the corporate trust business of the Escrow Agent in
its individual capacity may be transferred, shall be the Escrow Agent under
this Escrow Agreement without further act.   Section 2.9 Governing Law.
This Escrow Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the internal laws, and not the law of conflicts, of the State
of California. The parties to this Escrow Agreement hereby agree that
jurisdiction over such parties and over the subject matter of any action or
proceeding arising under this Escrow Agreement may be exercised by a
competent Court of the State of California or by a United States Court
sitting in the State of California. With respect solely to any action
involving the Escrow Agent in connection with this Escrow Agreement, each of
Buyer and the Stockholder Representative hereby submits to the personal
jurisdiction of such courts, hereby waives personal service of process upon
it and consents that any such service of process may be made by certified or
registered mail, return-receipt requested, directed to Buyer and the
Stockholder Representative at their addresses last specified for notices
hereunder, and service so made shall be deemed completed the date receipt is
acknowledged, and hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in any action or
proceeding with Escrow Agent.   Section 2.10 Counterparts. This Escrow
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same
agreement. In proving this Escrow Agreement, it shall not be necessary to
produce or account for more than one such counterpart.   Section 2.11
Headings. The heading references herein are for convenience purposes only, do
not constitute a part of this Escrow Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.   Section 2.12 Severability.
The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this
Escrow Agreement shall in no way affect the validity, legality or
enforceability of any     8   other provision; and if any provision is
held to be unenforceable as a matter of law, the other provisions shall not
be affected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect.   Section
2.13 Amendment. This Escrow Agreement shall not be amended except in writing
signed by Buyer and the Stockholder Representative and the Escrow Agent.
Should Buyer or the Stockholder Representative attempt to change this Escrow
Agreement in a manner which the Escrow Agent in its sole discretion deems
undesirable, the Escrow Agent may resign as Escrow Agent by notifying
the other parties hereto in writing. The Escrow Agent may otherwise resign at
any time upon thirty (30) days\' prior written notice to Buyer and the
Stockholder Representative; in such event, the successor Escrow Agent shall
be such person, firm or corporation as shall be mutually selected by Buyer
and the Stockholder Representative. It is understood and agreed that no
resignation shall be effective until a successor agrees to act hereunder.
Buyer and the Stockholder Representative, acting jointly, may remove the
Escrow Agent at any time upon thirty (30) days\' prior written notice, signed
by both Buyer and the Stockholder Representative, to the Escrow Agent. In the
event that the Escrow Agent submits a notice of resignation, its only duty,
until a successor Escrow Agent shall have been appointed and shall have
accepted such appointment, shall be to hold, invest and dispose of the Escrow
Amount in accordance with this Escrow Agreement, but without regard to any
notices, requests, instructions, demands or the like received by it from the
other parties hereto after such notice of resignation shall have been given,
unless the same is a direction from Buyer and the Stockholder Representative
that the Escrow Amount be paid or delivered in its entirety to one of the
other parties hereto.   Section 2.14 Taxes.   (a) All dividends,
distributions, interest and gains earned or realized on the amounts in the
Escrow Account ("Earnings") shall be accounted for by the Escrow Agent
separately from the amount originally deposited in the Escrow Account, and
Earnings shall be treated as having been received by Buyer, in accordance
with the principles of Proposed Treasury regulation section 1.468B-8, for
federal, state and local income tax purposes. Unless otherwise required
by law, the parties agree that, for federal, state and local income tax
purposes, Buyer shall report Earnings as its income and shall report related
expenses as its expense. Distributions to Buyer under Section 1.2 shall be
made not later than 5 business days prior to the date Buyer is required to
file an estimated tax return that includes any such Earnings in its income,
provided, however, that no duplicate distributions shall be made with respect
to such Earnings. The Escrow Agent annually shall file information returns
with the IRS and provide payee statements to Buyer, documenting such
Earnings.   (b) The Escrow Agent may require each of the Indemnifying
Stockholders to provide Escrow Agent with a certified tax identification
number for such Indemnifying Stockholder by furnishing appropriate Form W-9
(or Form W-8, in the case of non-U.S. Persons) and other forms and documents
that Escrow Agent may reasonably request (collectively, "Tax Reporting
Documentation"). The parties hereto understand that, if such Tax Reporting
Documentation is not so certified to Escrow Agent, Escrow Agent may be
required by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time
to time, to withhold a portion of any interest or other income earned on the
investment of the Escrow Amount from time to time.     9    (c) The
Escrow Agent need not make any distribution of monies to any Indemnifying
Stockholder if such Indemnifying Stockholder has not furnished the Tax
Reporting Documentation as required by the Escrow Agent.   Section 2.15
Indemnifying Stockholders. By their execution hereof, each of the
Indemnifying Stockholders agrees to be responsible for his or its pro rata
share of any payments made by the Stockholder Representative hereunder.  
(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS)     10    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have
executed or caused this Escrow Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.   STOCKHOLDER REPRESENTATIVE:   JUPITER PARTNERS L.P.,  By
Ganymede L.P., its General Partner  By Europa L.P., its General Partner   
By:  --------------------------------  Name: John A. Sprague  Title:
General Partner   FLEMING COMPANIES, INC.  an Oklahoma corporation   
By:  --------------------------------------   Name: 
------------------------------------   Title: 
-----------------------------------    Accepted as of the date
hereof:  [ESCROW AGENT]    By:  ------------------------------- 
Name:  Title:     11   Acknowledged and Agreed to:  INDEMNIFYING
STOCKHOLDERS:  JUPITER PARTNERS L.P., By Ganymede L.P., its General
Partner  By Europa L.P., its General Partner    By: 
------------------------------  Name: John A. Sprague  Title: General
Partner   By:  ------------------------------------ Robert A. Allen 395
Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 415 South San Francisco, California 94080 Contact
Number: (650) 589-9445   By:  ------------------------------------ Leo F.
Korman 395 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 415 South San Francisco, California
94080 Contact Number: (650) 589-9445   By: 
------------------------------------ Basil P. Prokop 395 Oyster Point Blvd.,
Suite 415 South San Francisco, California 94080 Contact Number: (650)
589-9445   By:  ------------------------------------ Gary L. Walsh 48
River Rock Road Sheridan, Wyoming 82801 Contact Number: (307)
673-5708   By:  ------------------------------------ J. Michael
Walsh 395 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 415 South San Francisco, California
94080 Contact Number: (650) 589-9445      12   By: 
------------------------------------ Leo Granucci 12550 Apple Orchard
Lane Nevada City, California 95959 Contact Number: (530) 477-1614    
13    SCHEDULE 1   [Escrow Agent Compensation and Fees]    
14    '

