 EX-2.1 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED
1/22/04    Exhibit 2.1    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND
BETWEEN   UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION   AND   REGIONS FINANCIAL
CORPORATION   DATED AS OF JANUARY 22, 2004     TABLE OF CONTENTS    
PAGE  ~~
 Parties......................................................................
1  RECITALS.....................................................................
1  Article 1 TERMS OF FIRST STEP
MERGER........................................ 1   1.1 First Step
Merger.............................................. 1  1.2 First Effective
Time........................................... 1  1.3 Conversion of Regions
Common Stock............................. 2  1.4 Cancellation of Newco Common
Stock............................. 3  1.5 Cancellation of Shares Held by
Union Planters or Regions....... 3  1.6 Regions Stock Options and Other
Equity-Based Awards............ 3  1.7 Organizational Documents of Surviving
Corporation.............. 5  Article 2 TERMS OF SECOND STEP
MERGER....................................... 5   2.1 Second Step
Merger............................................. 5  2.2 Time and Place of
Closing...................................... 5  2.3 Effective
Time................................................. 5  2.4 Conversion of
Union Planters Common Stock...................... 6  2.5 Effects on Common
Stock........................................ 6  2.6 Union Planters Stock
Options and Other Equity-Based Awards..... 7  Article 3 EXCHANGE OF
SHARES................................................ 8   3.1 Exchange
Procedures............................................ 8  3.2 Rights of
Holders.............................................. 10  Article 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................... 10   4.1
Disclosure Letters............................................. 10  4.2
Standards...................................................... 11  4.3
Representations and Warranties of the Parties.................. 12  Article
5 COVENANTS AND ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS............................... 23  
5.1 Conduct of Business Prior to Effective Time.................... 23  5.2
Forbearances................................................... 23  5.3
Dividends...................................................... 25  5.4
Redemption of Union Planters Series E Preferred Stock.......... 26  5.5
Reasonable Best Efforts........................................ 26  5.6
Shareholders\' and Stockholders\' Approvals...................... 27  5.7
Registration Statement; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus....... 27  5.8
Listing of Newco Common Stock.................................. 28  5.9
Applications and Consents...................................... 28  5.10
Notification of Certain Matters................................ 29  5.11
Investigation and Confidentiality.............................. 29  5.12
Press Releases; Publicity...................................... 30  5.13
Acquisition Proposals.......................................... 30  5.14
Takeover Laws; No Rights Triggered............................. 31    - i
-      ~~   5.15 Exemption from Liability Under Section
16(b)................... 31  5.16 Agreement of
Affiliates........................................ 32  5.17 Employee Benefits
and Contracts................................ 32  5.18
Indemnification................................................ 33  5.19
Corporate Governance........................................... 35  5.20
Formation of Newco............................................. 37  5.21
Change of Method............................................... 37  5.22
Restructuring Efforts.......................................... 37  Article
6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS TO CONSUMMATE................. 37  
6.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party........................ 37  6.2
Conditions to Obligations of Regions........................... 38  6.3
Conditions to Obligations of Union Planters.................... 39  Article
7 TERMINATION....................................................... 40  
7.1 Termination.................................................... 40  7.2
Effect of Termination.......................................... 40  Article
8 MISCELLANEOUS..................................................... 41  
8.1 Definitions.................................................... 41  8.2
Non-Survival of Representations and Covenants.................. 50  8.3
Expenses....................................................... 50  8.4
Termination Fee................................................ 50  8.5
Entire Agreement............................................... 51  8.6
Amendments..................................................... 52  8.7
Waivers........................................................ 52  8.8
Assignment..................................................... 52  8.9
Notices........................................................ 52  8.10
Governing Law.................................................. 53  8.11
Counterparts................................................... 53  8.12
Captions....................................................... 53  8.13
Interpretations................................................ 54  8.14
Severability................................................... 54  8.15
Waiver of Jury Trial........................................... 54    - ii
-    LIST OF EXHIBITS    EXHIBIT DESCRIPTION ------- -----------  ~~
  1. Amendment to Union Planters Rights Plan (Section 3.3(b)(iii))   2-A.
Form of Union Planters Affiliate Letter (Section 5.16)   2-B. Form of
Regions Affiliate Letter (Section 5.16)    - iii -     AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") is
made and entered into as of January 22, 2004, by and between UNION PLANTERS
CORPORATION, a Tennessee corporation ("Union Planters"), and REGIONS
FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Regions").   RECITALS  
A. APPROVALS. The Boards of Directors of Union Planters and Regions have
determined that the transactions described herein are consistent with, and
will further, their respective business strategies and goals, and are in the
best interests of Union Planters and Regions, respectively, and
their respective shareholders and stockholders.   B. THE MERGER. This
Agreement provides for a strategic business combination through the merger of
Regions with and into a newly-formed Subsidiary of Regions and Union Planters
to be organized under Delaware law ("Newco") with Newco as the surviving
corporation, followed immediately thereafter by the merger of Union Planters
with and into Newco with Newco as the surviving corporation.   C. INTENTION
OF THE PARTIES. It is the intention of the Parties that the First Step Merger
and the Second Step Merger, for federal income Tax purposes shall each
qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code and that this Agreement shall constitute a "plan of
reorganization" for purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Internal Revenue
Code.   D. DEFINED TERMS. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement
are defined in Section 8.1 of this Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the above and the mutual warranties, representations,
covenants, and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the Parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE 1  TERMS OF FIRST STEP
MERGER   1.1 FIRST STEP MERGER. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, at the First Effective Time, Regions shall be merged with and
into Newco in accordance with the provisions of Section 251 of the DGCL (the
"First Step Merger"). Newco shall be the surviving corporation in the First
Step Merger and shall continue to be governed by the laws of the State of
Delaware. Upon consummation of the First Step Merger, the separate corporate
existence of Regions shall cease.   1.2 FIRST EFFECTIVE TIME. Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on or before the Closing Date,
the Parties will cause articles of merger to be filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Secretary") as provided in
Section 251 of the DGCL to effect the First Step Merger. The First Step
Merger shall take effect when such articles of merger are filed, or at such
other time as may be specified therein (the "First Effective
Time").   Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, unless otherwise
mutually agreed upon by the duly authorized officers of each Party, the
Parties shall cause the First Effective Time to occur on the fifth business
day following the date on which satisfaction or waiver of the last of the
conditions set forth in Article 6 has occurred (other than those conditions
that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the
fulfillment or waiver of those conditions), or such earlier date mutually
agreed upon by the Parties.   1.3 CONVERSION OF REGIONS COMMON STOCK. At the
First Effective Time, in each case subject to Sections 1.3(c) and 1.5, by
virtue of the First Step Merger and without any action on the part of the
Parties, Newco or the holder of any of the following securities:   (a) Each
share of Regions Common Stock that is  Outstanding immediately prior to the
First Effective Time (other than  shares of Regions Common Stock held by
either Party, any of their  respective Subsidiaries or Newco (in each case
other than in a  fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of debts
previously  contracted)) shall be converted into the right to receive the
number of  shares of Newco Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio.   (b)
All shares of Regions Common Stock converted  pursuant to this Section 1.3
shall no longer be outstanding and shall  automatically be cancelled and
retired and shall cease to exist as of  the First Effective Time, and each
certificate previously representing  any such shares of Regions Common Stock
(the "Old Regions  Certificates") shall cease to have any rights except it
shall  thereafter represent the right to receive with respect to each 
underlying share of Regions Common Stock (i) a certificate representing  the
number of whole shares of Newco Common Stock into which the shares  of
Regions Common Stock represented by such Old Regions Certificate  have been
converted pursuant to this Section 1.3, (ii) in accordance  with Section
1.3(c), cash in lieu of fractional shares of Newco Common  Stock represented
by such Old Regions Certificate which have been  converted pursuant to this
Section 1.3, and (iii) any dividends or  distributions which the holder
thereof has the right to receive  pursuant to Section 3.1(a).   (c)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this  Agreement, each holder of shares
of Regions Common Stock exchanged  pursuant to the First Step Merger who
would otherwise have been  entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Newco
Common Stock (after  taking into account all Old Regions Certificates
delivered by such  holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without
interest and  rounded to the nearest cent) in an amount equal to such
fractional part  of a share of Newco Common Stock (i) multiplied by the
closing sale  price of Regions Common Stock on the NYSE Composite Transaction
Tape on  the trading day immediately preceding the Closing Date as reported
by  The Wall Street Journal or, if not reported therein, in another 
authoritative source and (ii) divided by the Exchange Ratio.   (d) If,
following the date of this Agreement and  prior to the First Effective Time,
the outstanding shares of Regions  Common Stock or Union Planters Common
Stock shall have been increased,  decreased, changed into or exchanged for a
different number or kind of  shares or securities as a result of a
reorganization,   - 2 -    recapitalization, reclassification, stock
dividend, stock split,  reverse stock split, or other similar change in
capitalization, then an  appropriate and proportionate adjustment shall be
made to the Exchange  Ratio.   1.4 CANCELLATION OF NEWCO COMMON STOCK. At
and after the First Effective Time, each share of Newco Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time (other than any
shares held by Union Planters or its Subsidiaries) shall be cancelled and
retired and shall resume the status of authorized and unissued shares of
Newco Common Stock, and no shares of Newco Common Stock or other securities
of Newco shall be issued in respect thereof.   1.5 CANCELLATION OF SHARES
HELD BY UNION PLANTERS OR REGIONS. Each of the shares of Regions Common Stock
held by either Party, any of their respective Subsidiaries or Newco (in each
case other than in a fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of debts
previously contracted) shall be cancelled and retired and shall cease to
exist at the First Effective Time and no consideration shall be issued in
exchange therefor.   1.6 REGIONS STOCK OPTIONS AND OTHER EQUITY-BASED
AWARDS.   (a) Each option to purchase shares of Regions Common Stock (a
"Regions Stock Option") granted under an equity compensation plan of Regions
(a "Regions Stock Plan"), whether vested or unvested, that is outstanding and
unexercised immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall cease, at the
First Effective Time, to represent a right to acquire shares of Regions
Common Stock and shall be converted at the First Effective Time, without any
action on the part of any holder of any Regions Stock Option, into an
option to purchase shares of Newco Common Stock (a "Newco Stock Option") on
the same terms and conditions (including any option reload features relating
to any Regions Stock Option outstanding on the date hereof or granted after
the date hereof in accordance with Section 5.2(b)) as were applicable under
such Regions Stock Option (but taking into account any changes thereto,
including any acceleration thereof, provided for in the relevant Regions
Stock Plan, or in the related award document by reason of the transactions
contemplated hereby). The number of shares of Newco Common Stock subject to
each such Newco Stock Option shall be equal to the number of shares of
Regions Common Stock subject to each such Regions Stock Option multiplied by
the Exchange Ratio, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole share of
Newco Common Stock, and such Regions Stock Option shall have an exercise
price per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the per share exercise
price specified in such Regions Stock Option divided by the Exchange Ratio;
provided that, in the case of any Regions Stock Option to which Section 421
of the Internal Revenue Code applies as of the First Effective Time (after
taking into account the effect of any accelerated vesting thereof, if
applicable) by reason of its qualification under Section 422 or Section 423
of the Internal Revenue Code, the exercise price, the number of shares of
Newco Common Stock subject to such option and the terms and conditions of
exercise of such option shall be determined in a manner consistent with
the requirements of Section 424(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.   (b) At
the First Effective Time, each Right consisting of, based on or relating to
shares of Regions Common Stock granted under an Regions Stock Plan, other
than Regions Stock Options (each, a "Regions Stock-Based Award"), whether
vested or unvested, contingent   - 3 -   or accrued, which is outstanding
immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall cease, at the First
Effective Time, to represent a Right with respect to shares of Regions Common
Stock and shall be converted without any action on the part of any holder of
a Right, at the First Effective Time, into a Right consisting of, based on or
relating to shares of Newco Common Stock (a "Newco Stock-Based Award"), on
the same terms and conditions as were applicable under the Regions Stock-
Based Awards (but taking into account any changes thereto, including any
acceleration thereof, provided for in the relevant Regions Stock Plan or in
the related award document by reason of the transactions
contemplated hereby). The number of shares of Newco Common Stock subject to
each such Newco Stock-Based Award shall be equal to the number of shares of
Regions Common Stock subject to the Regions Stock-Based Award multiplied by
the Exchange Ratio, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole share of
Newco Common Stock and, if applicable, such Newco Stock-Based Award shall
have an exercise price per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the
per share exercise price specified in the Regions Stock Based Award divided
by the Exchange Ratio. Any dividend equivalents credited to the account of
each holder of an Regions Stock-Based Award as of the First Effective Time
shall remain credited to such holder\'s account immediately following the
First Effective Time, subject to adjustment in accordance with the foregoing
(without duplication to the increase in dividend announced by Regions on the
date hereof).   (c) As soon as practicable after the First Effective Time,
Newco shall deliver to the holders of Regions Stock Options and
Regions Stock-Based Awards any required notices setting forth such holders\'
rights pursuant to the relevant Regions Stock Plans and award documents and
stating that such Regions Stock Options and Regions Stock-Based Awards have
been assumed by Newco and shall continue in effect on the same terms and
conditions (subject to the adjustments required by this Section 1.6 after
giving effect to the Merger and the terms of the relevant Regions Stock
Plans).   (d) Following the First Effective Time, Newco may maintain the
Regions Stock Plans for purposes of granting future awards to individuals who
were employees of Regions at the First Effective Time. If so, the provisions
of the Regions Stock Plans, including the respective terms of such plans,
will be unchanged, except that all Rights issued by Newco pursuant to the
Regions Stock Plans following the First Effective Time shall be Rights
in respect of Newco Common Stock, and the number of shares of Newco Common
Stock available for future issuance pursuant to each Regions Stock Plan
following the First Effective Time (the "Available Regions Stock Plan
Shares") shall be equal to the number of shares of Regions Common Stock so
available immediately prior to the First Effective Time, multiplied by the
Exchange Ratio, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole share of Newco
Common Stock.   (e) Prior to the First Effective Time, Regions shall
take all necessary action and make all necessary arrangements for the
adjustment of Regions Stock Options and Regions Stock-Based Awards under this
Section 1.6. Newco shall reserve for future issuance a number of shares of
Newco Common Stock at least equal to the number of shares of Newco Common
Stock that will be subject to Newco Stock Options and Newco Stock-Based
Awards as a result of the actions contemplated by this Section 1.6, plus the
number of Available Regions Stock Plan Shares in the event that Newco
maintains the Regions Stock Plans as contemplated by this Section 1.6. As
soon as practicable following the Effective Time, Newco shall file a
registration statement on Form S-8 or S-3, as the case dictates (or any
successor form, or if Form S-8 or S-3   - 4 -   is not available, other
appropriate forms), with respect to the shares of Newco Common Stock subject
to such Newco Stock Options and Newco Stock-Based Awards (and the Available
Regions Stock Plan Shares, as the case dictates) and shall maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement or registration statements (and
maintain the current status of the prospectus or prospectuses contained
therein) for so long as such Newco Stock Options and Newco Stock-Based Awards
remain outstanding.   (f) Regions shall take such action as is necessary
to provide that as of no later than three business days prior to the Closing
Date no further shares of Regions Common Stock will be purchased under the
Regions Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the "Regions DRIP"); provided, that such
cessation of further purchases following the Closing Date shall be
conditioned upon the consummation of the Merger. Immediately prior to and
effective as of the First Effective Time and subject to the consummation of
the Merger, Regions shall terminate the Regions DRIP.   1.7 ORGANIZATIONAL
DOCUMENTS OF NEWCO. The Organizational Documents of Newco in effect at the
First Effective Time shall be as previously disclosed by Regions in its
Disclosure Letter, with such changes thereto as shall be mutually agreed upon
by Regions and Union Planters, until thereafter amended in accordance with
applicable Law and Newco\'s Organizational Documents.   ARTICLE 2  TERMS OF
SECOND STEP MERGER   2.1 SECOND STEP MERGER. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Union Planters shall be
merged with and into Newco in accordance with the provisions of Section 252
of the DGCL and Section 102 of the TBCA (the "Second Step Merger" and,
together with the First Step Merger, the "Merger"). Newco shall be the
surviving corporation in the Second Step Merger and shall continue to be
governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware. Upon consummation of the
Second Step Merger, the separate corporate existence of Union Planters shall
cease.   2.2 TIME AND PLACE OF CLOSING. The closings of the First
Step Merger and the Second Step Merger (the "Closing") shall take place
sequentially (with the Second Step Merger occurring immediately after the
First Step Merger), on the same day, at such time and place as Regions and
Union Planters shall agree, on the date when the First Effective Time and the
Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.3) is to occur (the "Closing Date").
The parties shall coordinate filing to ensure the timing of the
foregoing.   2.3 EFFECTIVE TIME. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, on or before the Closing Date, the Parties will cause
articles of merger to be filed with the Delaware Secretary as provided in
Section 251 of the DGCL and with the Secretary of State of the State of
Tennessee (the "Tennessee Secretary") as provided in Section 102 of the TBCA
to effect the Second Step Merger. The Second Step Merger shall take effect
when such articles of merger are filed, or at such other time as may be
specified therein (the "Effective Time").   - 5 -    2.4 CONVERSION OF
UNION PLANTERS COMMON STOCK. At the Effective Time, in each case subject to
Section 2.5, by virtue of the Second Step Merger and without any action on
the part of the Parties, Newco or the holder of any of the following
securities:   (a) Each share of Union Planters Common Stock  (including the
Union Planters Shareholder Rights) that is Outstanding  immediately prior to
the Effective Time (other than shares of Union  Planters Common Stock held by
either Party, any of their respective  Subsidiaries or Newco (in each case
other than in a fiduciary or agency  capacity or as a result of debts
previously contracted)) shall be  converted into the right to receive one
share of Newco Common Stock.   (b) All shares of Union Planters Common
Stock  converted pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall no longer be
outstanding  and shall automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease
to  exist as of the Effective Time, and each certificate previously 
representing any such shares of Union Planters Common Stock (the "Old  Union
Planters Certificates" and together with the Old Regions  Certificates, the
"Old Certificates") shall cease to have any rights  except it shall
thereafter represent the right to receive with respect  to each underlying
share of Union Planters Common Stock (i) a  certificate representing the
number of whole shares of Newco Common  Stock into which the shares of Union
Planters Common Stock represented  by such Old Union Planters Certificate
have been converted pursuant to  this Section 2.4, and (ii) any dividends or
distributions which the  holder thereof has the right to receive pursuant to
Section 3.1(a).   (c) If, following the date of this Agreement and  prior
to the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Regions Common  Stock or
Union Planters Common Stock shall have, except as provided for  herein, been
increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a  different number or
kind of shares or securities as a result of a  reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend,  stock split, reverse
stock split, or other similar change in  capitalization, then an appropriate
and proportionate adjustment shall  be made to the number of shares of Newco
Common Stock that each share  of Union Planters Common Stock shall represent
the right to receive  upon conversion.   2.5 EFFECTS ON COMMON STOCK.  
(a) At and after the Effective Time, each share of Newco Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date shall remain an issued
and outstanding share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation and shall
not be affected by the Second Step Merger; provided that any shares of Newco
Common Stock held by Union Planters or its Subsidiaries prior to the
Effective Time shall be cancelled and retired and shall resume the status of
authorized and unissued shares of Newco Common stock, and no shares of Newco
Common Stock or other securities of Newco shall be issued in
respect thereof.   (b) Each of the shares of Union Planters Common
Stock held by either Party, any of their respective Subsidiaries or Newco (in
each case other than in a fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of
debts previously contracted) shall be cancelled and retired and shall cease
to exist at the Effective Time and no consideration shall be issued in
exchange therefor.   - 6 -    2.6 UNION PLANTERS STOCK OPTIONS AND OTHER
EQUITY-BASED AWARDS.   (a) Each option to purchase shares of Union
Planters Common Stock (a "Union Planters Stock Option") granted under an
equity compensation plan of Union Planters (a "Union Planters Stock Plan"),
whether vested or unvested, that is outstanding and unexercised immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall cease, at the Effective Time, to represent
a right to acquire shares of Union Planters Common Stock and shall be
converted at the Effective Time, without any action on the part of any holder
of any Union Planters Stock Option, into a Newco Stock Option on the same
terms and conditions (including any option reload features relating to any
Union Planters Stock Option outstanding on the date hereof or granted after
the date hereof in accordance with Section 5.2(b)) as were applicable under
such Union Planters Stock Option (but taking into account any changes
thereto, including any acceleration thereof, provided for in the relevant
Union Planters Stock Plan, or in the related award document by reason of the
transactions contemplated hereby). The number of shares of Newco Common Stock
subject to each such Newco Stock Option shall be equal to the number of
shares of Union Planters Common Stock subject to each such Union Planters
Stock Option, and such Newco Stock Option shall have an exercise price per
share equal to the per share exercise price specified in such Union Planters
Stock Option; provided that, in the case of any Union Planters Stock Option
to which Section 421 of the Internal Revenue Code applies as of the First
Effective Time (after taking into account the effect of any accelerated
vesting thereof, if applicable) by reason of its qualification under Section
422 or Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code, the exercise price, the
number of shares of Newco Common Stock subject to such option and the terms
and conditions of exercise of such option shall be determined in a manner
consistent with the requirements of Section 424(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.   (b) At the Effective Time, each Right consisting of, based on or
relating to shares of Union Planters Common Stock granted under a Union
Planters Stock Plan, other than Union Planters Stock Options (each, a "Union
Planters Stock-Based Award"), whether vested or unvested, contingent
or accrued, which is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall cease, at the Effective Time, to represent a Right with respect to
shares of Union Planters Common Stock and shall be converted without any
action on the part of any holder of a Right, at the Effective Time, into a
Newco Stock-Based Award, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable
under the Union Planters Stock-Based Awards (but taking into account any
changes thereto, including any acceleration thereof, provided for in the
relevant Union Planters Stock Plan or in the related award document by reason
of the transactions contemplated hereby). The number of shares of Newco
Common Stock subject to each such Newco Stock-Based Award shall be equal to
the number of shares of Union Planters Common Stock subject to the Union
Planters Stock-Based Award. Any dividend equivalents credited to the account
of each holder of a Union Planters Stock-Based Award as of the Effective Time
shall remain credited to such holder\'s account immediately following the
Effective Time, subject to adjustment in accordance with the foregoing.  
(c) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Newco shall deliver to
the holders of Union Planters Stock Options and Union Planters Stock-Based
Awards any required notices setting forth such holders\' rights pursuant to
the relevant Union Planters Stock Plans and award documents and stating that
such Union Planters Stock Options and Union Planters Stock-Based Awards have
been assumed by Newco and shall continue in effect on the same terms and  
- 7 -   conditions (subject to the adjustments required by this Section 2.6
after giving effect to the Merger and the terms of the relevant Union
Planters Stock Plans).   (d) Following the Effective Time, Newco may
maintain the Union Planters Stock Plans for purposes of granting future
awards to individuals who were employees of Union Planters at the Effective
Time. If so, the provisions of the Union Planters Stock Plans, including the
respective terms of such plans, will be unchanged, except that all Rights
issued by Newco pursuant to the Union Planters Stock Plans following the
Effective Time shall be Rights in respect of Newco Common Stock, and the
number of shares of Newco Common Stock available for future issuance pursuant
to each Union Planters Stock Plan following the Effective Time (the
"Available Union Planters Stock Plan Shares") shall be equal to the number of
shares of Union Planters Common Stock so available immediately prior to the
Effective Time.   (e) Prior to the Effective Time, Union Planters
shall take all necessary action for the adjustment of Union Planters Stock
Options and Union Planters Stock-Based Awards under this Section 2.6. Newco
shall reserve for future issuance a number of shares of Newco Common Stock at
least equal to the number of shares of Newco Common Stock that will be
subject to Newco Stock Options and Newco Stock-Based Awards as a result of
the actions contemplated by this Section 2.6, plus the number of Available
Union Planters Stock Plan Shares in the event that Newco maintains the Union
Planters Stock Plans as contemplated by this Section 2.6. As soon as
practicable following the Effective Time, Newco shall file a registration
statement on Form S-8 or S-3, as the case dictates (or any successor form, or
if Form S-8 or S-3 is not available, other appropriate forms), with respect
to the shares of Newco Common Stock subject to such Newco Stock Options and
Newco Stock-Based Awards (and the Available Union Planters Stock Plan Shares,
as the case dictates) and shall maintain the effectiveness of such
registration statement or registration statements (and maintain the
current status of the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein) for so
long as such Newco Stock Options and Newco Stock-Based Awards remain
outstanding.   (f) Union Planters shall take such action as is necessary to
provide that as of no later than three business days prior to the
Closing Date no further shares of Union Planters Common Stock will be
purchased under the Union Planters Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the "Union
Planters DRIP"); provided, that such cessation of further purchases following
the Closing Date shall be conditioned upon the consummation of the Merger.
Immediately prior to and effective as of the First Effective Time and subject
to the consummation of the Merger, Union Planters shall terminate the Union
Planters DRIP.   ARTICLE 3  EXCHANGE OF SHARES   3.1 EXCHANGE
PROCEDURES.   (a) At or prior to the First Effective Time, Newco
shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with the Exchange Agent, for
the benefit of the holders of Old Certificates, for exchange in accordance
with Article 1 and Article 2 and this Article 3, certificates representing
Newco Common Stock ("New Certificates") (together with any dividends or
distributions with respect thereto and any cash to be paid hereunder in lieu
of fractional shares of Newco Common   - 8 -   Stock (without any
interest thereon), the "Exchange Fund") to be paid pursuant to Article 1 and
Article 2 and this Article 3 in exchange for outstanding shares of Union
Planters Common Stock and Regions Common Stock.   (b) As promptly as
practicable after the Effective Time and the First Effective Time,
respectively, Newco shall send or cause to be sent to each former holder of
record of shares of Union Planters Common Stock and Regions Common Stock
immediately prior to the Effective Time and the First Effective Time,
respectively (each, a "Holder"), transmittal materials for use in exchanging
such Holder\'s Old Certificates for the consideration set forth in Article 1
and Article 2 (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss and title to the certificates theretofore representing such shares of
Union Planters Common Stock and Regions Common Stock shall pass, only upon
proper delivery of such certificates to the Exchange Agent). Newco
shall cause the New Certificates for shares of Newco Common Stock into which
shares of a Holder\'s Union Planters Common Stock or Regions Common Stock, as
the case may be, are converted at the Effective Time or dividends or
distributions which such Person shall be entitled to receive and any
fractional share interests (in the case of Regions Holders only), to be
delivered to such Person upon delivery to the Exchange Agent of Old
Certificates representing such shares of Union Planters Common Stock or
Regions Common Stock, as the case may be, together with the transmittal
materials, duly executed and completed in accordance with the instructions
thereto. No interest will accrue or be paid on any such cash to be paid
pursuant to Article 1 and Article 2 and this Article 3 upon such delivery. If
any New Certificate is to be issued or any cash payment is to be made in
a name other than that in which the Old Certificate surrendered in
exchange therefor is registered, it shall be a condition of such exchange
that the Person requesting such exchange shall pay any transfer or other
Taxes required by reason of the issuance of such New Certificate or the
making of such cash payment in a name other than that of the registered
Holder of the Old Certificate surrendered, or shall establish to the
satisfaction of Newco and the Exchange Agent that any such Taxes have been
paid or are not applicable. Any Person who the Parties reasonably believe to
be an "affiliate" of Union Planters or Regions for purposes of Rule 145 of
the 1933 Act shall not be entitled to receive any New Certificate or payment
pursuant to Article 1 or Article 2 or this Article 3 until such Person shall
have duly executed and delivered an appropriate agreement as described in
Section 5.16.   (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the
Exchange Agent, any of the Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries
shall be liable to any former Holder of Union Planters Common Stock or
Regions Common Stock for any amount properly delivered to a public official
pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Laws.   (d)
If any Old Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Old
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Newco or the
Exchange Agent, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable
amount as Newco or the Exchange Agent may direct as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against it with respect to such Old Certificate, Newco
or the Exchange Agent shall, in exchange for the shares of Union
Planters Common Stock or Regions Common Stock represented by such lost,
stolen or destroyed Old Certificate, issue or cause to be issued a New
Certificate and pay or cause to be paid the amounts, if any, deliverable in
respect to the shares of Union Planters Common Stock or Regions Common Stock,
as the case may be, formerly represented by such Old Certificate pursuant to
this Agreement.   - 9 -    (e) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that
remains unclaimed by the Holders of Union Planters and Regions for six months
after the Effective Time shall be returned to Newco (together with any
dividends or earnings in respect thereof). Any Holders of Union Planters or
Regions who have not theretofore complied with this Article 3 shall
thereafter be entitled to look only to Newco, and only as a general creditor
thereof, for payment of the consideration deliverable in respect of each
share of Union Planters Common Stock or Regions Common Stock such Holder
holds as determined pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, without any
interest thereon.   3.2 RIGHTS OF HOLDERS. At the Effective Time, the stock
transfer books of Union Planters and Regions shall be closed and no transfer
by any Holder shall thereafter be made or recognized. Until surrendered for
exchange in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.1, each Old
Certificate (other than shares to be cancelled pursuant to Section 1.5) shall
from and after the Effective Time or the First Effective Time, as the case
may be, represent for all purposes only the right to receive the
consideration provided in Sections 1.3 and 2.4, as the case may be, and any
dividends or any other distributions with a record date prior to the
Effective Time which have been declared or made by Union Planters in respect
of such shares of Union Planters Common Stock or Regions in respect of
Regions Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and which
remain unpaid at the Effective Time. To the extent permitted by Law, Holders
shall be entitled to vote after the Effective Time at any meeting of Newco
stockholders the number of whole shares of Newco Common Stock into which
their respective shares of Union Planters Common Stock or Regions Common
Stock, as the case may be, are converted, regardless of whether such Holders
have exchanged their certificates representing Union Planters Common Stock or
Regions Common Stock, as the case may be, for New Certificates representing
Newco Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, but
beginning 30 days after the Effective Time no such Holder shall be entitled
to vote on any matter until such Holder surrenders such Old Certificate for
exchange as provided in Section 3.1. Whenever a dividend or other
distribution is declared by Newco on Newco Common Stock, the record date for
which is at or after the Effective Time, the declaration shall
include dividends or other distributions on all shares of Newco Common Stock
issuable pursuant to this Agreement, but beginning 30 days after the
Effective Time no dividend or other distribution payable to the holders of
record of Newco Common Stock as of any time subsequent to the Effective Time
shall be delivered to the Holder of an Old Certificate until such Holder
surrenders such Old Certificate for exchange as provided in Section 3.1.
However, upon surrender of the Old Certificate, both the New Certificate,
together with all such undelivered dividends or other distributions (without
interest) and any undelivered cash payments to be paid for fractional share
interests (without interest), shall be delivered and paid with respect to
each share represented by such New Certificate.   ARTICLE 4 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   4.1 DISCLOSURE LETTERS. Prior to the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Party has delivered to the
other Party a letter (its "Disclosure Letter") setting forth, among other
things, items the disclosure of which is necessary or appropriate either in
response to an express disclosure requirement contained in a provision hereof
or as an exception to one or more of such Party\'s representations or
warranties contained in Section 4.3 or to one or more of its covenants   -
10 -   contained in Article 5; provided, that (i) no such item is required
to be set forth in a Party\'s Disclosure Letter as an exception to any
representation or warranty of such Party if its absence would not result in
the related representation or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect under
the standard established by Section 4.2, and (ii) the mere inclusion of an
item in a Party\'s Disclosure Letter as an exception to a representation or
warranty shall not be deemed an admission by that Party that such item
represents a material exception or fact, event or circumstance or that such
item is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect
to such Party. Any disclosures made with respect to a subsection of Section
4.3 shall be deemed to qualify (a) any subsections of Section 4.3
specifically referenced or cross-referenced and (b) other subsections of
Section 4.3 to the extent it is clear (notwithstanding the absence of a
specific cross reference) from a reading of the disclosure that such
disclosure (i) applies to such other subsections and (ii) contains sufficient
detail to enable a reasonable Person to recognize the relevance of such
disclosure to such other subsections.   4.2 STANDARDS.   (a) No
representation or warranty of any Party hereto or Newco contained in Section
4.3 (other than the representations and warranties in (i) Sections 4.3(b)(i),
4.3(c)(i) and (ii), and 4.3(r) which shall be true and correct in all
material respects with respect to it, and (ii) Sections 4.3(b)(ii)(A) and
4.3(e)(ii) which shall be true and correct in all respects) shall be deemed
untrue or incorrect, and no Party hereto or Newco shall be deemed to have
breached a representation or warranty, as a consequence of the existence or
absence of any fact, circumstance or event unless such fact, circumstance or
event, individually or taken together with all other facts, circumstances or
events inconsistent with any representation or warranty contained in Section
4.3, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on
such Party or Newco.   (b) The term "Material Adverse Effect," as used
with respect to a Party or Newco, means an effect which (i) is materially
adverse to the business, properties, financial condition or results of
operations of such Party and its Subsidiaries, or Newco, taken as a whole, or
(ii) materially impairs the ability of such Party or Newco to consummate the
Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis; provided
that, in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred, there
shall be excluded any effect to the extent attributable to or resulting from
(A) any changes in Laws, regulations or interpretations of Laws or
regulations generally affecting the banking, bank holding company or
financial holding company businesses, (B) any change in GAAP or regulatory
accounting requirements, generally affecting the banking, bank holding
company or financial holding company businesses, (C) events, conditions or
trends in economic, business or financial conditions generally affecting the
banking, bank holding company or financial holding company businesses
specifically, (D) changes in national or international political or social
conditions including the engagement by the United States in hostilities,
whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or
the occurrence of any military or terrorist attack upon or within the United
States, or any of its territories, possessions or diplomatic or consular
offices or upon any military installation, equipment or personnel of the
United States, (E) the effects of the actions expressly permitted or required
by this Agreement or that are taken with the prior informed written consent
of the other Party and Newco in contemplation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (F) the announcement of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby.   - 11 -    4.3 REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES. Subject to and giving effect to Sections 4.1 and
4.2 and except as set forth in the relevant Disclosure Letter, Regions hereby
represents and warrants to Union Planters and Union Planters hereby
represents and warrants to Regions, and Newco hereby represents and warrants
to Regions and Union Planters that:   (a) ORGANIZATION, STANDING, AND POWER;
SUBSIDIARIES. It, and each of its Subsidiaries, is duly organized, validly
existing, and (to the extent applicable) in good standing under the Laws of
the jurisdiction in which it is organized. It, and each of its Subsidiaries,
has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease, and operate
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted. It,
and each of its Subsidiaries, is duly qualified or licensed to do business
and (to the extent applicable) in good standing in the States of the United
States and foreign jurisdictions where the character of its assets or the
nature or conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified or licensed.
It has made available to the other Party hereto a complete and correct copy
of its Organizational Documents, each as amended to the date hereof and as in
full force and effect as of the date hereof. A true and complete list of its
direct and indirect Subsidiaries as of the date hereof is set forth in
Section 4.3(a) of its Disclosure Letter.   (b) AUTHORITY; NO BREACH OF
AGREEMENT.   (i) It has, and Newco will have, the corporate  power and
authority necessary to execute, deliver, and perform its  obligations under
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby. The
execution, delivery, and performance of this  Agreement, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated  hereby, including the Merger, by it, have
been duly and validly  authorized by all necessary corporate action
(including valid  authorization and unanimous adoption of this Agreement by
its duly  constituted Board of Directors), subject only to the receipt of (A)
in  the case of Union Planters, the approval of this Agreement by the 
holders of a majority of the Outstanding shares of Union Planters  Common
Stock (the "Union Planters Shareholder Approval"), (B) in the  case of
Regions, approval of this Agreement by the holders of a  majority of the
Outstanding shares of Regions Common Stock (the  "Regions Stockholder
Approval") and (C) in the case of Newco, approval  of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby by Union  Planters and Regions, as the sole
stockholders of Newco (the "Newco  Stockholder Approval"). Subject to the
Union Planters Shareholder  Approval in the case of Union Planters, the
Regions Stockholder  Approval in the case of Regions, and the Newco
Stockholder Approval in  the case of Newco and assuming due authorization,
execution, and  delivery of this Agreement by the other Party and by Newco,
this  Agreement represents a legal, valid, and binding obligation of it, 
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (except in all  cases as
such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,
reorganization, receivership, conservatorship, moratorium,  or similar Laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights  generally and except that
the availability of the equitable remedy of  specific performance or
injunctive relief is subject to the discretion  of the court before which any
proceeding may be brought).   (ii) Neither the execution and delivery of
this  Agreement by it, nor the consummation by it of the transactions 
contemplated hereby, nor compliance by it with   - 12 -    any of the
provisions hereof, will (A) conflict with or result in a  breach or violation
of any provision of its Organizational Documents,  (B) constitute or result
in a Default under, or require any Consent  pursuant to, or result in the
creation or acceleration of any Lien  (with or without the giving of notice,
the lapse of time or both) on  any material asset of it or its Subsidiaries
under, any Contract or  Permit of it or its Subsidiaries, or any change in
the rights or  obligations under any Contract, or (C) subject to receipt of
the  Regulatory Consents and the expiration of any waiting period required 
by Law, violate any Law, Order or governmental license applicable to it  or
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective material assets.   (iii) In the
case of Union Planters only, it has  taken all action necessary or
appropriate so that the entering into of  this Agreement, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated  hereby (individually or in
conjunction with any other event), do not  and will not result in the ability
of any Person to exercise any rights  under the Union Planters Rights Plan or
enable or require the Union  Planters Shareholder Rights to separate from the
shares of Union  Planters Common Stock to which they are attached or to be
triggered or  become exercisable or unredeemable. No "Distribution Date" (as
such  term is defined in the Union Planters Rights Plan) has occurred or
will  occur as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby. Union 
Planters has duly adopted an amendment to the Union Planters Rights  Plan
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1.   (iv) Other than in
connection or compliance with  the provisions of the Securities Laws, and
other than (A) the  Regulatory Consents, (B) notices to or filings with the
Internal  Revenue Service or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the 
"PBGC") or both with respect to any Compensation and Benefit Plans, and  (C)
as set forth in Section 4.3(b)(iv) of its Disclosure Letter, no  notice to,
application or filing with, or Consent of, any Governmental  Authority is
necessary in connection with the execution, delivery or  performance of this
Agreement and the consummation by it of the Merger  and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) CAPITAL STOCK.   (i) In
the case of Union Planters only, the  authorized capital stock of Union
Planters consists of 300,000,000  shares of Union Planters Common Stock and
10,000,000 shares of Union  Planters Preferred Stock, of which, as of the
date of this Agreement,  (A) 188,960,454 shares of Union Planters Common
Stock were issued and  outstanding, (B) 389,910 shares of Union Planters
Series E Preferred  Stock were issued and outstanding, and (C) no shares of
Union Planters  Series F Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, and not
more than  211,094,923 shares of Union Planters Common Stock and no shares
of  Union Planters Series E Preferred Stock will be issued and outstanding 
immediately prior to the Effective Time. As of the date of this  Agreement,
no more than 18,668,648 shares of Union Planters Common  Stock were subject
to Union Planters Stock Options granted under Union  Planters Stock Plans. As
of the date of this Agreement, there were no  more than 21,406,507 shares of
Union Planters Common Stock subject to  outstanding Rights under the Union
Planters Stock Plans. Except as set  forth in this Section 4.3(c)(i), or as
contemplated by the Union  Planters Rights Plan, the Union Planters DRIP or
as specifically set  forth in Section 4.3(c)(i) of   - 13 -    Union
Planters\' Disclosure Letter (which shall set forth in detail  (including
exercise prices) all outstanding (i) stock options, (ii)  shadow stock units
and (iii) restricted stock and restricted stock  units under Union Planters
Stock Plans), there are no shares of Union  Planters Capital Stock or other
equity securities of Union Planters  outstanding and no outstanding Rights
relating to the Union Planters  Capital Stock, and no Person has any Contract
or any right or privilege  (whether pre-emptive or contractual) capable of
becoming a Contract or  Right for the purchase, subscription or issuance of
any securities of  Union Planters. All of the Outstanding shares of Union
Planters Capital  Stock are duly and validly authorized, issued and
outstanding and are  fully paid and nonassessable. None of the outstanding
shares of Union  Planters Capital Stock has been issued in violation of any
preemptive  or similar rights of the current or past shareholders of Union 
Planters.   (ii) In the case of Regions only, the authorized  capital stock
of Regions consists of 500,000,000 shares of Regions  Common Stock and
5,000,000 shares of Regions Preferred Stock, of which,  as of the date of
this Agreement, (A) 221,967,484 shares of Regions  Common Stock were issued
and outstanding, and (B) no shares of Regions  Preferred Stock were issued
and outstanding, and not more than  241,981,028 shares of Regions Common
Stock will be issued and  outstanding immediately prior to the First
Effective Time. As of the  date of this Agreement, no more than 20,013,544
shares of Regions  Common Stock were subject to Regions Stock Options granted
under the  Regions Stock Plans. As of the date of this Agreement, there were
no  more than 20,013,544 shares of Regions Common Stock subject to 
outstanding Rights under the Regions Stock Plans. Except as set forth  in
this Section 4.3(c)(ii), or as specifically set forth in Section  4.3(c)(ii)
of Regions\' Disclosure Letter (which shall set forth in  detail (including
exercise prices) all outstanding (i) stock options,  (ii) stock appreciation
rights and (iii) restricted stock and  restricted stock units under Regions
Stock Plans), there are no shares  of Regions Capital Stock or other equity
securities of Regions  outstanding and no outstanding Rights relating to the
Regions Capital  Stock, and no Person has any Contract or any right or
privilege  (whether pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming a
Contract or  Right for the purchase, subscription or issuance of any
securities of  Regions. All of the Outstanding shares of Regions Capital
Stock are  duly and validly authorized, issued and outstanding and are fully
paid  and nonassessable. None of the outstanding shares of Regions Capital 
Stock has been issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights  of
the current or past stockholders of Regions.   (iii) In the case of Newco
only, the authorized  capital stock of Newco shall be as agreed by the
Parties, of which, as  of the First Effective Time, 2 shares of Newco Common
Stock will be  issued and outstanding and will be held equally by Regions and
Union  Planters. The authorized capital stock of Newco immediately
following  consummation of the First Step Merger (and prior to the Effective
Time)  will be as set forth in the form of Newco Certificate of
Incorporation.  No change in such capitalization will occur prior to the
Effective Time  except as provided in or contemplated by this Agreement. At
the  Effective Time, no capital stock of Newco (and no Rights to acquire
any  such capital stock) will be outstanding, except as contemplated by
this  Agreement.   - 14 -    (iv) All the outstanding shares of capital
stock  of each of its Subsidiaries owned by it or a Subsidiary of it have
been  duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and (except,
with  respect to bank Subsidiaries, as provided under applicable state Law) 
nonassessable, and are owned by it or a Subsidiary of it free and clear  of
all Liens or Rights. In the case of Newco only, Newco has, and will  have
prior to the First Effective Time, no Subsidiaries or material  investments
of any kind in any entity.   (v) In the case of Newco only, the shares of 
Newco Common Stock to be issued in the Merger, when so issued in  accordance
with this Agreement, will have been duly authorized and  validly issued and
will be fully paid and nonassessable and not subject  to any preemptive
rights.   (d) SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   (i) Each Party has
filed and made available to  the other Party all SEC Documents required to be
filed by it with the  SEC since December 31, 2000 (collectively, the "SEC
Reports"). Its SEC  Reports, including the Financial Statements, exhibits and
schedules  contained therein, (A) at the time filed, complied (and any SEC
Reports  filed after the date of this Agreement will comply) in all
material  respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Laws,
and  (B) at the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by
another  SEC Report filed prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the
date  of such filing), did not (and any SEC Reports filed after the date of 
this Agreement will not) contain any untrue statement of a material  fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such SEC  Reports or
necessary in order to make the statements made in such SEC  Reports, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not  misleading.   (ii)
Each of its Financial Statements contained  in its SEC Reports (including any
SEC Reports filed after the date of  this Agreement) complied (or, in the
case of SEC Reports filed after  the date of this Agreement, will comply) in
all material respects with  the applicable requirements of the Securities
Laws with respect  thereto, fairly presented (or, in the case of SEC Reports
filed after  the date of this Agreement, will fairly present) the
consolidated  financial position of it and its Subsidiaries as at the
respective  dates and the consolidated results of its operations and cash
flows for  the periods indicated, in each case in accordance with GAAP 
consistently applied during the periods indicated, except in each case  as
may be noted therein, and subject to normal year-end audit  adjustments and
as permitted by Form 10-Q in the case of unaudited  Financial Statements.  
(iii) Its 2003 earnings press release issued on  January 15, 2004 in the case
of Union Planters and on January 16, 2004  in the case of Regions fairly
presented the consolidated financial  position of it and its Subsidiaries as
at the respective dates and the  consolidated results of its operations for
the periods indicated, in  each case in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied during the  periods indicated, and did not contain any untrue
statement of a  material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to   - 15 -    be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made  therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not  misleading.   (e) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS. Since
September 30, 2003, except as disclosed in its SEC Reports filed prior to the
date of this Agreement, (i) it and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
respective businesses only in the ordinary course of such businesses and (ii)
there have been no events, changes, developments or occurrences which have
had, or are reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on it.   (f) TAX MATTERS. All Tax Returns required
to be filed by or on behalf of it or any of its Subsidiaries have been timely
filed or requests for extensions have been timely filed and any such
extension has been granted and has not expired, and all such filed returns
are complete and accurate in all material respects. It has made available to
the other Party true and correct copies of the United States federal income
Tax Returns filed by it or its Subsidiaries for each of the three most recent
fiscal years ended on or before December 31, 2002. Except as disclosed in its
SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, all Taxes attributable
to it or any of its Subsidiaries that are or were due or payable (without
regard to whether such Taxes have been assessed) have been paid in full or
have been adequately provided for on its consolidated balance sheet and
consolidated statement of earnings or income in accordance with GAAP. As of
the date of this Agreement and except as disclosed in its SEC Reports filed
prior to the date of this Agreement, there is no outstanding audit
examination, deficiency, refund or other Tax Litigation or outstanding
waivers or agreements extending the applicable statute of limitations for the
assessment or collection of any Taxes for any period with respect to any
Taxes of it or its Subsidiaries. All Taxes due with respect to completed and
settled examinations or concluded Litigation relating to it or any of its
Subsidiaries have been paid in full or have been recorded in accordance with
GAAP on its or its Subsidiaries\' balance sheet and consolidated statement of
earnings or income. Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
a Tax sharing, indemnification or similar agreement or any agreement pursuant
to which it or any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation to any Person
(other than it or one of its Subsidiaries) with respect to Taxes. The proper
and accurate amounts have been withheld from all employees, creditors, or
third parties (and timely paid to the appropriate Governmental Authority or
set aside in an account for such purposes) for all periods through the
Effective Time in compliance with all Tax withholding provisions of
applicable federal, state, local and foreign Laws (including income, social
security and employment Tax withholding for all types of compensation).
Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a party to any distribution
occurring during the last three years in which the parties to such
distribution treated the distribution as one to which Section 355 of
the Internal Revenue Code applied. Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is
a party to any "listed transaction" as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.6011-4(b)(2). No Liens for Taxes exist with respect to it or its
Subsidiaries, except for statutory Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or
that are being contested in good faith and reserved for in accordance with
GAAP.   (g) CERTAIN ACTIONS. Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries or any
Affiliates thereof has taken or agreed to take any action, and it has no
knowledge of any fact or circumstance, that is reasonably likely to (i)
prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or   - 16 -   (ii)
materially impede or materially delay receipt of any Regulatory Consents. To
its knowledge, as of the date hereof, there exists no fact, circumstance,
or reason that would cause any Regulatory Consents not to be received in a
timely manner.   (h) ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as described in
the Disclosure Letter: (i) no Hazardous Material is contained in or has been
used at or released from its Facilities other than in compliance with, and as
would not reasonably be expected to result in liability under, any
Environmental Laws; (ii) all Hazardous Materials used by it or stored on its
Properties have been disposed of in accordance with, and as would not
reasonably be expected to result in liability under, any Environmental Laws;
(iii) neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is potentially liable as a
responsible party under any Environmental Law, including the federal
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as
amended ("CERCLA"), or state analog statute, arising out of events occurring
prior to the Effective Time; (iv) there have not been in the past, and are
not now, any Hazardous Materials that have been released on or under or are
migrating to or from the Facilities or any Property; (v) there have not been
in the past, and are not now, any underground tanks or physical structures or
vessels holding Hazardous Materials at, on or under any Property including
treatment or storage tanks, sumps, lagoons, basins, or water, gas or oil
wells; (vi) there are no polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs") deposited,
stored, disposed of or located on any Property or Facilities or any equipment
on any Property containing PCBs at levels in excess of levels permitted by
law; (vii) it and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates are not subject to any
consent orders, decrees, notices of violation, injunctions, directives
or orders from any Governmental Authority or any indemnity or other agreement
with any third party relating to obligations, costs or liabilities arising
under any Environmental Law; (viii) the Facilities and its and its
Subsidiaries\' activities and operations have at all times complied with all
Environmental Laws, (ix) it and its Subsidiaries have received no notice of
any noncompliance with, or liability under, any Environmental Laws regarding
the Facilities or any Property or its past or present operations and (x) no
claims, notices, administrative actions, information requests or suits are
pending or, to its knowledge, threatened relating to any actual or potential
violation, liability or obligation by it or any of its Subsidiaries with
respect to any Environmental Laws.   (i) COMPLIANCE WITH PERMITS, LAWS AND
ORDERS.   (i) It and each of its Subsidiaries has in  effect all Permits
and has made all filings, applications, and  registrations with Governmental
Authorities that are required for it to  own, lease, or operate its material
assets and to carry on its business  as now conducted and there has occurred
no Default under any Permit  applicable to its business or employees
conducting its business.   (ii) Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is
in  Default under any Laws or Orders applicable to it, its business or 
employees conducting its business. Each of its Subsidiaries that is an 
insured depository institution has a Community Reinvestment Act rating  of
"satisfactory" or better.   (iii) Since January 1, 2000, neither it nor any
of  its Subsidiaries has received any notification or communication from 
any Governmental Authority, (A) asserting that it or any of its  Subsidiaries
is in Default under any Permits, Laws or   - 17 -    Orders, (B)
threatening to revoke any Permits, (C) requiring it or any  of its
Subsidiaries (x) to enter into or consent to the issuance of a  cease and
desist order, formal agreement, directive, commitment or  memorandum of
understanding, or (y) to adopt any resolution of its  Board of Directors or
similar undertaking, which restricts the conduct  of its business, or relates
to its capital adequacy, its credit or  reserve policies, its management, or
the payment of dividends or any  other policy or procedure, or (D)
threatening or contemplating  revocation or limitation of, or which would
have the effect of revoking  or limiting, Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ("FDIC") deposit  insurance, and neither it nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any  notice from a Governmental Authority that it
is considering issuing any  of the foregoing.   (iv) There (A) is no
unresolved violation,  criticism, or exception by any Governmental Authority
with respect to  any report or statement relating to any examinations or
inspections of  it or any of its Subsidiaries and (B) have been no formal or
informal  inquiries by, or disagreements or disputes with, any Governmental 
Authority with respect to its or any of its Subsidiaries\' business, 
operations, policies or procedures since January 1, 2000.   (v) There is no
Order, circumstance or condition  relevant or applicable to it that would
prevent, or is reasonably  likely to prevent, Newco from satisfying the
criteria for "financial  holding company" status under the BHC Act after the
First Effective  Time.   (j) LABOR RELATIONS. Neither it nor any of
its Subsidiaries is the subject of any Litigation asserting that it or any of
its Subsidiaries has committed an unfair labor practice (within the meaning
of the National Labor Relations Act or comparable state Law) or seeking to
compel it or any of its Subsidiaries to bargain with any labor organization
as to wages or conditions of employment, nor is it or any of its Subsidiaries
a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, Contract, or
other agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization,
nor is there any strike or other labor dispute involving it or any of its
Subsidiaries pending or, to its knowledge, threatened, nor to its knowledge,
is there any activity involving it or any of its Subsidiaries\' employees
seeking to certify a collective bargaining unit or engaging in any other
organization activity.   (k) EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION AND BENEFIT PLANS.  
(i) It has disclosed in Section 4.3(k) of its  Disclosure Letter, and has
delivered or made available to the other  Party prior to the date of this
Agreement correct and complete copies  of, all of its Compensation and
Benefit Plans. Neither it nor any of  its Subsidiaries has an "obligation to
contribute" (as defined in ERISA  Section 4212) nor have they ever had an
obligation to contribute to a  "multiemployer plan" (as defined in ERISA
Sections 4001(a)(3) and  3(37)(A)). Each "employee pension benefit plan," as
defined in Section  3(2) of ERISA, that was ever maintained by it or any of
its  Subsidiaries and that was intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of 
the Internal Revenue Code, is disclosed as such in Section 4.3(k) of  its
Disclosure Letter.   - 18 -    (ii) It has delivered or made available to
the  other Party prior to the date of this Agreement correct and complete 
copies of the following documents: (A) all trust agreements or other  funding
arrangements for its Compensation and Benefit Plans (including  insurance
Contracts), and all amendments thereto (all such trust  agreements and other
funding arrangements are disclosed in Section  4.3(k) of its Disclosure
Letter), (B) with respect to any such  Compensation and Benefit Plans or
amendments, the most recent  determination letters, and all material rulings,
material opinion  letters, material information letters, or material advisory
opinions  issued by the Internal Revenue Service, the United States
Department of  Labor, or the PBGC after December 31, 1994, (C) annual reports
or  returns, audited or unaudited financial statements, actuarial 
valuations and reports, and summary annual reports prepared for any 
Compensation and Benefit Plans with respect to the most recent plan  year,
and (D) the most recent summary plan descriptions and any  material
modifications thereto.   (iii) All of its Compensation and Benefit Plans 
are in compliance with the applicable terms of ERISA, the Internal  Revenue
Code, and any other applicable Laws. Except as disclosed in  Section 4.3(k)
of its Disclosure Letter, each of its ERISA Plans which  is intended to be
qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal  Revenue Code has received a
favorable determination letter from the  Internal Revenue Service covering
all Tax Law changes prior to the  Economic Growth and Tax Relief
Reconciliation Act of 2001 and, to its  knowledge, there are no circumstances
likely to result in revocation of  any such favorable determination letter.
Except as disclosed in Section  4.3(k) of its Disclosure Letter, each trust
created under any of its  ERISA Plans has been determined to be exempt from
Tax under Section  501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and it is not aware of
any  circumstance which will or could reasonably result in revocation of 
such exemption. Any voluntary employees\' beneficiary association within  the
meaning of Section 501(c)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code which  provides
benefits under a Compensation and Benefit Plan has (i)  received an opinion
letter from the Internal Revenue Service  recognizing its exempt status under
Section 501(c)(9) of the Internal  Revenue Code and (ii) filed a timely
notice with the Internal Revenue  Service pursuant to Section 505(c) of the
Internal Revenue Code, and it  is not aware of circumstances likely to result
in the loss of such  exempt status under Section 501(c)(9) of the Internal
Revenue Code.  There is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened
Litigation  relating to any of its ERISA Plans.   (iv) Neither it nor any
of its Subsidiaries has  engaged in a transaction with respect to any of its
Compensation and  Benefit Plans that, assuming the Taxable Period of such
transaction  expired as of the date of this Agreement or the Effective Time,
would  subject it or any of its Subsidiaries to a Tax or penalty imposed by 
either Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 502(i) of 
ERISA.   (v) Except as disclosed in Section 4.3(k) of its  Disclosure
Letter, each of its Pension Plans had, as of the date of its  most recent
actuarial valuation, assets measured at fair market value  at least equal to
its "current liability," as that term is defined in  Section 302(d)(7) of
ERISA. To its knowledge, since the date of the  most recent actuarial
valuation, no event has occurred which would  adversely change any such
funded status. None of its Pension Plans nor  any "single-employer plan,"
within the   - 19 -    meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently
maintained by it or  any of its Subsidiaries, or the single-employer plan of
any entity  which is considered one employer with it under Section 4001 of
ERISA or  Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA 
(whether or not waived) (an "ERISA Affiliate") has an "accumulated  funding
deficiency" within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal  Revenue Code
or Section 302 of ERISA. All required contributions with  respect to any of
its Pension Plans or any single-employer plan of any  of its ERISA Affiliates
have been timely made and there is no lien, nor  is there expected to be a
lien, under Internal Revenue Code Section  412(n) or ERISA Section 302(f) or
Tax under Internal Revenue Code  Section 4971. Neither it nor any of its
Subsidiaries has provided, or  is required to provide, security to any of its
Pension Plans or to any  single-employer plan of any of its ERISA Affiliates
pursuant to Section  401(a)(29) of the Internal Revenue Code.   (vi) No
Liability under Title IV of ERISA has  been or is expected to be incurred by
it or any of its Subsidiaries  with respect to any defined benefit plan
currently or formerly  maintained by any of them or by any of its ERISA
Affiliates that has  not been satisfied in full (other than Liability for
PBGC premiums,  which have been paid when due).   (vii) Except as disclosed
in Section 4.3(k) of its  Disclosure Letter, neither it nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any  obligations for retiree health and retiree life
benefits under any of  its Compensation and Benefit Plans other than with
respect to benefit  coverage mandated by applicable Law.   (viii) There has
been no amendment to, announcement  by it or any of its Subsidiaries relating
to, or change in employee  participation or coverage under, any Compensation
and Benefit Plan  which would increase the expense of maintaining such plan
above the  level of the expense incurred therefor for the most recent fiscal
year.  None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
shareholder  or stockholder approval of the transactions contemplated hereby
or the  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (A) result in
any  payment (including severance, golden parachute, or otherwise) becoming 
due to any director or any employee of it or any of its Subsidiaries  from it
or any of its Subsidiaries under any of its Compensation and  Benefit Plans
or otherwise, other than by operation of Law, (B)  increase any benefits
otherwise payable under any of its Compensation  and Benefit Plans, (C)
result in any acceleration of the time of  payment or vesting of any such
benefit, (D) limit or restrict the right  of it to merge, amend or terminate
any of the Compensation and Benefit  Plans or (E) result in payments under
any Compensation and Benefit  Plans which would not be deductible under
Section 280G of the Internal  Revenue Code.   (l) MATERIAL CONTRACTS.  
(i) Except for Contracts reflected as exhibits  to its SEC Reports filed
prior to the date of this Agreement, as of the  date of this Agreement,
neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any  of their respective assets,
businesses, or operations, is a party to,  or is bound or affected by, or
receives benefits under, (A) any  Contract relating to the borrowing of money
by it or any of its  Subsidiaries or the guarantee by it or any of its   -
20 -    Subsidiaries of any such obligation (other than Contracts
pertaining to  fully-secured repurchase agreements, and trade payables, and
Contracts  relating to borrowings or guarantees made in the ordinary course
of  business), (B) any Contract containing covenants that limit the ability 
of it or any of its Subsidiaries to compete in any line of business or  with
any Person, or that involve any restriction of the geographic area  in which,
or method by which, it or any of its Subsidiaries may carry  on its business
(other than as may be required by Law or any  Governmental Authority), (C)
any other Contract or amendment thereto  that would be required to be filed
as an exhibit to any SEC Report (as  described in Items 601(b)(4) and
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K under the  1933 Act) that has not been filed as
an exhibit to or incorporated by  reference in its SEC Reports filed prior to
the date of this Agreement  or (D) any Contract that involves expenditures or
receipts of it or any  of its Subsidiaries in excess of $1,000,000 per year.
With respect to  each of its Contracts that are (A) reflected as an exhibit
to any SEC  Report, (B) would be required under Items 601(b)(4) and
601(b)(10) of  Regulation S-K under the 1933 Act to be filed as an exhibit to
any of  its SEC Reports, or (C) that is disclosed in its Disclosure Letter:
(w)  each such Contract is in full force and effect; (x) neither it nor any 
of its Subsidiaries is in Default thereunder; (y) neither it nor any of  its
Subsidiaries has repudiated or waived any material provision of any  such
Contract; and (z) no other party to any such Contract is, to its  knowledge,
in Default in any material respect.   (ii) All interest rate swaps, caps,
floors,  option agreements, futures and forward contracts, and other
similar  risk management arrangements, whether entered into for its own
account  or for the account of one or more of its Subsidiaries or their 
respective customers, were entered into (A) in accordance with prudent 
business practices and all applicable Laws and (B) with counterparties 
believed to be financially responsible, and each of them is enforceable 
against it or its Subsidiaries in accordance with its terms (except in  all
cases as such enforceability may be limited by applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, receivership, conservatorship,  moratorium, or
similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\'  rights generally and
except that the availability of the equitable  remedy of specific performance
or injunctive relief is subject to the  discretion of the court before which
any proceeding may be brought),  and is in full force and effect. Neither it
nor any of its  Subsidiaries, nor to its knowledge, any other party thereto,
is in  Default of any of its obligations under any such agreement or 
arrangement. Its Financial Statements disclose the value of such  agreements
and arrangements on a mark-to-market basis in accordance  with GAAP
(including but not limited to Financial Accounting Statement  133) and, since
September 30, 2003, there has not been a change in such  value that,
individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in a  Material Adverse Effect
on it.   (m) LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. There is no Litigation pending or, to its
knowledge, threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries, or against any
asset, interest, or right of any of them nor are there any Orders of
any Governmental Authority or arbitrators outstanding against it or any of
its Subsidiaries.   (n) REPORTS. Since January 1, 2000, or the date
of organization if later, it and each of its Subsidiaries has filed all
reports and statements, together with any amendments required to be made with
respect thereto, that it was required to file with any Governmental   - 21
-   Authority and all other reports and statements required to be filed by
them since January 1, 2000, including any report or statement required to be
filed pursuant to any Law have been so filed, and it and each of its
Subsidiaries have paid all fees and assessments due and payable in connection
therewith.   (o) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.   (i) It and its Subsidiaries own,
or are licensed  or otherwise possess sufficient legally enforceable rights
to use, all  Intellectual Property (including the Technology Systems) that is
used  by it and its Subsidiaries in their respective businesses as
currently  conducted. Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has (A) licensed
any  Intellectual Property owned by it or its Subsidiaries in source code 
form to any Person or (B) entered into any exclusive agreements  relating to
Intellectual Property owned by it or its Subsidiaries.   (ii) It and its
Subsidiaries have not infringed  or otherwise violated the Intellectual
Property rights of any third  Person since January 1, 2001. There is no claim
asserted, or to its  knowledge threatened, against it and its Subsidiaries or
any indemnitee  thereof concerning the ownership, validity,
registerability,  enforceability, infringement, use or licensed right to use
any  Intellectual Property.   (iii) No third Person has infringed, 
misappropriated or otherwise violated it or its Subsidiaries\'  Intellectual
Property rights since January 1, 2001. There are no claims  asserted or
threatened by it or its Subsidiaries, or decided by them to  be asserted or
threatened, that (A) a third Person infringed or  otherwise violated any of
their Intellectual Property rights; or (B) a  third Person\'s owned or
claimed Intellectual Property interferes with,  infringes, dilutes or
otherwise harms any of their Intellectual  Property rights.   (iv) It and
its Subsidiaries have taken  reasonable measures to protect the
confidentiality of all Trade Secrets  that are owned, used or held by
them.   (p) STATE TAKEOVER LAWS. It has taken all action required to be
taken by it in order to exempt this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby from, and this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby are exempt from, the requirements of any
"moratorium," "control share," "fair price," "affiliate transaction," "anti-
greenmail," "business combination" or other antitakeover Laws of any
jurisdiction, including but not limited to (i) in the case of Union Planters,
Chapter 103 of Title 48 of the Tennessee Code, and (ii) in the case of
Regions, Section 203 of the DGCL (collectively, "Takeover Laws"). It has
taken all action required to be taken by it in order to make this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby comply with, and this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby do comply with, the requirements of any
provisions of its Organizational Documents concerning "business combination,"
"fair price," "voting requirement," "constituency requirement" or other
related provisions, including but not limited to (i) in the case of Union
Planters, the provisions of Article Fourteenth of the Union Planters Amended
and Restated Charter and (ii) in the case of Regions, the provisions of
Section (7) of Article Seventh of the Regions Restated Certificate of
Incorporation.   - 22 -    (q) BROKERS AND FINDERS. Except for Morgan
Stanley and Co., Inc. as to Union Planters and UBS Securities LLC as to Regions
(in each case pursuant to engagement letters which have been set forth as an
exhibit to their respective Disclosure Letter), neither it nor any of its
officers, directors, employees, or Affiliates has employed any broker or
finder or incurred any Liability for any financial advisory fees, investment
bankers\' fees, brokerage fees, commissions, or finders\' fees in connection
with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.   (r) FAIRNESS
OPINION. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, Union Planters has
received an opinion of Morgan Stanley and Co., Inc. and Regions has received an
opinion of UBS Securities LLC, each to the effect that as of the date thereof
and based upon and subject to the matters set forth therein, (i) in the case
of Regions, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to
the stockholders of Regions, and (ii) in the case of Union Planters, the
exchange of Union Planters Common Stock for Newco Common Stock provided for
in the Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the shareholders
of Union Planters. Such opinions have not been amended or rescinded as of the
date of this Agreement.   (s) INSURANCE. It and its Subsidiaries are insured
with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as its
management reasonably has determined to be prudent in accordance with
industry practices.   ARTICLE 5  COVENANTS AND ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  
5.1 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIOR TO EFFECTIVE TIME. During the period from the
date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, except as set forth in its
Disclosure Letter, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by
this Agreement and except as Consented to in writing by the other Party
(which Consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), each of the
Parties and Newco shall, and shall cause each of their respective
Subsidiaries to, (a) conduct its business in the ordinary course, (b) use
reasonable best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business
organization, assets, employees and relationships with customers, suppliers,
employees and business associates, and (c) take no action that would
adversely affect or delay the ability of either Party to obtain any Required
Consents, to perform its covenants and agreements under this Agreement, or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis.   5.2
FORBEARANCES. During the period from the date of this Agreement through the
Effective Time, except as set forth in its Disclosure Letter and except as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise
indicated in this Section 5.2, neither Party nor Newco shall, and neither
Party nor Newco shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, without the prior
written Consent of the other Party and Newco (which Consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed):   (a) amend the Organizational
Documents of  Regions, Union Planters, or Newco (except as provided
herein);   (b) except for Permitted Issuances and Permitted  Repurchases
and except as provided in Section 5.3, (i) adjust, split,  combine or
reclassify any capital stock,   - 23 -    (ii) make, declare or pay any
dividend, or make any other distribution  on, or directly or indirectly
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire,  any shares of its capital stock or
any securities or obligations  convertible (whether currently convertible or
convertible only after  the passage of time or the occurrence of certain
events) into or  exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock, (iii)
grant or issue  any Rights (other than reload options issued in connection
with the  exercise of stock options outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement  and as required by any Contract, in each case as disclosed in
its  Disclosure Letter), (iv) issue any additional shares of capital stock, 
or (v) make any change in any instrument or Contract governing the  terms of
any of its securities;   (c) other than in the ordinary course of  business
or pursuant to Contracts in force at the date of or permitted  by this
Agreement and other than in satisfaction of debts previously  contracted in
good faith, make any material investment in or  acquisition of (either by
purchase of stock or securities,  contributions to capital, property
transfers, or purchase of any  property or assets) any other Person other
than its wholly owned  Subsidiaries;   (d) enter into any new line of
business, or  change its lending, investment, underwriting, risk and asset
liability  management and other banking and operating policies that are
material  to it and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as required
by  applicable Law or any regulations or policies imposed on it by any 
Governmental Authority;   (e) sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or 
otherwise dispose of any part of its business or any of its properties  or
assets to any Person other than a wholly owned Subsidiary, or  cancel,
release or assign any indebtedness to any Person other than a  wholly owned
Subsidiary or any claims against any Person other than a  Subsidiary, except
in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to  Contracts in force as of
the date of this Agreement and disclosed in  Section 5.2(e) of its Disclosure
Letter;   (f) other than in the ordinary course of  business: incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money; assume, guarantee,  endorse or otherwise as
an accommodation become responsible for the  obligations of any Person; or
make any loan or advance;   (g) other than in consultation with the other 
Party and Newco, restructure or change its investment securities  portfolio,
its derivatives portfolio or its interest rate exposure,  through purchases,
sales or otherwise, or the manner in which the  portfolio is classified or
reported, in any material respect;   (h) other than in the ordinary course
of  business, terminate or waive any material provision of any material 
Contract other than normal renewals of Contracts without materially  adverse
changes, additions or deletions of terms;   (i) other than as required by
Compensation and  Benefit Plans and Contracts as in effect at the date of
this Agreement  or applicable law, (i) increase in any manner the
compensation or  fringe benefits of any of its officers, employees or
directors   - 24 -    other than with respect to employees who are not
directors or executive  officers and then only in the ordinary course of
business consistent  with past practice, (ii) pay any pension or retirement
allowance not  required by any existing Compensation and Benefit Plan or
Contract to  any such officers, employees or directors, (iii) become a party
to,  amend or commit itself to any Compensation and Benefit Plan or
Contract  (or any individual Contracts evidencing grants or awards
thereunder) or  employment agreement with or for the benefit of any officer,
employee  or director other than with respect to employees who are not
directors  or executive officers and then only in the ordinary course of
business  consistent with past practice, or (iv) accelerate the vesting of,
or  the lapsing of restrictions with respect to, Rights pursuant to Regions 
Stock Plans in the case of Regions, and Rights pursuant to Union  Planters
Stock Plans in the case of Union Planters;   (j) settle any Litigation,
except for any  Litigation involving solely money damages in an amount,
individually or  in the aggregate for all such settlements, that is not
material to such  Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Newco and
that does  not involve or create precedent for Litigation that is
reasonably  likely to be material to it and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole;   (k) implement or adopt any change in its  accounting principles,
practices or methods, including reserving  methodologies, other than as may
be required by GAAP, regulatory  accounting guidelines or applicable Law;  
(l) file or amend any Tax Return except in the  ordinary course of business;
settle or compromise any material Tax  Liability; make, change or revoke any
material Tax election or change  any method of Tax accounting, except as
required by applicable Law;   (m) knowingly take, or knowingly omit to
take,  any action that is reasonably likely to result in any of the
conditions  to the Merger set forth in Article 6 not being satisfied on a
timely  basis except as may be required by applicable Law; provided, that 
nothing in this Section 5.2(m) shall preclude any Party from exercising  its
respective rights under Section 5.13;   (n) take any action that would
reasonably be  expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization  within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code; or   (o) agree to take any of the actions prohibited  to it by this
Section 5.2.   5.3 DIVIDENDS.   (a) Each Party agrees that, from and after
the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, (i) Union Planters may
(to the extent legally and contractually permitted to do so), but shall not
be obligated to, declare and pay quarterly dividends on outstanding shares of
Union Planters Common Stock at a rate not to exceed $0.33 1/3 per share per
quarter, (ii) Union Planters may (to the extent legally and contractually
permitted to do so), but shall not be obligated to, declare and pay dividends
on outstanding shares of Union Planters Series E Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of its Organizational Documents and applicable  
- 25 -   Law, (iii) Regions may (to the extent legally and contractually
permitted to do so), but shall not be obligated to, declare and pay quarterly
dividends on outstanding shares of Regions Common Stock, and may increase the
rate of such quarterly dividends up to an amount not to exceed $0.4116 per
share per quarter and (iv) its direct and indirect Subsidiaries may (to the
extent legally and contractually permitted to do so), but shall not be
obligated to, declare and pay dividends on their capital stock in cash, stock
or other property to the Parties or their wholly owned Subsidiaries and to
the holders of any trust preferred securities and of any REIT preferred
securities issued by Subsidiaries of the Parties.   (b) After the date of
this Agreement, each Party shall coordinate with the other with respect to
the declaration of any dividends in respect of Regions Common Stock and Union
Planters Common Stock and the record dates and payment dates relating
thereto, it being the intention of the Parties that holders of Union Planters
Common Stock shall not receive two dividends, or fail to receive one
dividend, for any quarter with respect to their shares of Union Planters
Common Stock and any shares of Regions Common Stock any such holder receives
in exchange therefor in the Merger (i.e., if the Parties anticipated the
Effective Time occurring after the typical Union Planters dividend record
date in May (which would typically be declared in April but before the
typical Regions dividend record date in June (which would typically be
declared in May), as mutually agreed by the Parties, (i) either
Union Planters would declare its dividend in May with a record date in
June corresponding to Regions\' declaration and record dates or (ii) Regions
would declare its dividend in April with a record date in May corresponding
to Union Planters\' declaration and record date).   5.4 REDEMPTION OF UNION
PLANTERS SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK. As promptly as practicable, and in any
event within 20 days of the date of this Agreement, Union Planters shall take
all action necessary to effect the redemption (subject to the rights of the
holders of shares of Union Planters Series E Preferred Stock to convert such
shares into shares of Union Planters Common Stock) of all Outstanding shares
of Union Planters Series E Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of
the Union Planters Amended and Restated Charter and the applicable provisions
of the TBCA so that such redemption shall occur no later than 50 days after
the date of this Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the
redemption described in this Section 5.4 will require the approval of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   5.5 REASONABLE BEST
EFFORTS.   (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the
Parties and Newco will use their reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to
be taken, in good faith, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all
things necessary, proper or desirable, or advisable under applicable Laws,
including using its reasonable best efforts to lift or rescind any
Order adversely affecting its ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby on a timely basis and to cause to be satisfied the
conditions in Article 6, to permit consummation of the Merger as promptly as
practicable and otherwise to enable consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, and each will cooperate fully with and furnish
information to, the other Party and Newco to that end; provided that nothing
contained herein shall preclude any Party or Newco from exercising its rights
under this Agreement.   - 26 -    (b) Union Planters shall take all
actions necessary or required to ensure that the entering into of this
Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
(individually or in conjunction with any other event), do not and will not
result in (i) Newco, Regions or any Affiliate of Regions or any other Person
becoming an "Acquiring Person" for purposes of the Union Planters Rights Plan
or the occurrence of a "Distribution Date" under the Union Planters Rights
Plan or (ii) the ability of any Person to exercise any Union Planters
Shareholder Rights under the Union Planters Rights Plan or enable or require
the Union Planters Shareholder Rights to separate from the shares of Union
Planters Common Stock to which they are attached or to be triggered or become
exercisable, distributable or unredeemable.   (c) Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of this Agreement and prior to or in connection
with the Closing, Union Planters, Regions and Newco shall execute and the
Parties and Newco shall cause to be filed the articles of merger with the
Tennessee Secretary and the Delaware Secretary.   (d) Each Party and Newco
undertakes and agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger,
and to take no action which would reasonably be expected to cause the Merger
not, to qualify for treatment as a "reorganization" within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code for federal income Tax
purposes.   (e) The Parties and Newco shall consult with respect to the
character, amount and timing of restructuring charges to be taken by each of
them in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and shall
take such charges in accordance with GAAP, as such Parties and Newco mutually
agree upon.   5.6 SHAREHOLDERS\' AND STOCKHOLDERS\' APPROVALS.   (a)
Regions shall call a meeting of its stockholders to be held as soon as
reasonably practicable for the purpose of obtaining the Regions Stockholder
Approval and such other matters as the Board of Directors of Regions may
direct, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such meeting to
occur as soon as reasonably practicable. The Board of Directors of Regions
shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Regions
Stockholder Approval.   (b) Union Planters shall call a meeting of
its shareholders to be held as soon as reasonably practicable for the purpose
of obtaining the Union Planters Shareholder Approval and such other matters
as the Board of Directors of Union Planters may direct, and shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause such meeting to occur as soon as reasonably
practicable. The Board of Directors of Union Planters shall use its
reasonable best efforts to obtain the Union Planters Shareholder
Approval.   (c) Regions and Union Planters shall use their reasonable best
efforts to hold their respective stockholder and shareholder meetings on the
same day.   5.7 REGISTRATION STATEMENT; JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.   (a) Each Party and Newco agree to cooperate with
the other Party and Newco, and their Representatives, in the preparation of
the Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy   - 27
-   Statement/Prospectus. Neither the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus nor
the Registration Statement shall be filed, and, prior to the termination of
this Agreement, no amendment or supplement to the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus or the Registration Statement shall be filed, by Newco,
Regions or Union Planters without consultation with the other Party, Newco
and their counsel. Newco agrees to use all reasonable efforts to cause the
Registration Statement to be declared effective under the 1933 Act as
promptly as practicable after filing thereof. The Parties and Newco agree to
use all reasonable efforts to obtain all Permits required by the Securities
Laws to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and each
Party and Newco agree to furnish all information concerning them and the
holders of their capital stock as may be reasonably requested in connection
with any such action.   (b) Each Party and Newco agree, as to themselves
and their Subsidiaries, that none of the information supplied or to be
supplied by it for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the
Registration Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement and each
amendment and supplement thereto, if any, become effective under the 1933
Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, and (ii) the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, at the date of
mailing to stockholders and at the times of the meetings of Regions
stockholders and Union Planters shareholders, will contain an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or necessary to correct any
statement in any earlier statement in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or
any amendment or supplement thereto. Each Party and Newco further agrees that
if it shall become aware prior to the Effective Time of any information
furnished by it that would cause any of the statements in the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus or the Registration Statement to be false or misleading
with respect to any material fact, or to omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not false or misleading, to promptly
inform the other Party and Newco thereof and to take the necessary steps to
correct the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Registration
Statement.   5.8 LISTING OF NEWCO COMMON STOCK. Newco shall cause the shares
of Newco Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be approved for listing
on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, as promptly as
practicable, and in any event before the First Effective Time.   5.9
APPLICATIONS AND CONSENTS.   (a) The Parties and Newco shall cooperate in
seeking all Consents of Governmental Authorities and other Persons necessary
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) Without limiting
the foregoing, the Parties and Newco shall cooperate with the other and use
their reasonable best efforts to promptly (i) file applications and notices,
as applicable, with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
under the BHC Act, as amended, and obtaining approval of such applications
and notices, (ii) file any required applications or notices with any foreign
or state banking, insurance or other Regulatory Authorities and obtaining
approval of such applications and notices, (iii) make any notices to or   -
28 -   filings with the Small Business Administration, (iv) make any
notices or filings under the HSR Act, and (v) make any filings with and
obtaining any Consents in connection with compliance with the applicable
provisions of the rules and regulations of any applicable industry self-
regulatory organization, including approvals from the NASD and any relevant
state regulator in connection with a change of control of the Union Planters
broker-dealers, or that are required under consumer finance, mortgage banking
and other similar Laws (collectively, the "Regulatory Consents").   (c)
Each Party and Newco will promptly furnish to the other Party and Newco
copies of applications filed with all Governmental Authorities and copies of
written communications received by such Party and Newco from any Governmental
Authorities with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Party
agrees that it will consult with the other Party and Newco with respect to
the obtaining of all Regulatory Consents and other material Consents
advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
each Party and Newco will keep the other Party and Newco apprised of the
status of material matters relating to completion of the
transactions contemplated hereby. All documents that the Parties or their
respective Subsidiaries and Newco are responsible for filing with any
Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby (including to obtain Regulatory Consents) will comply as to form in
all material respects with the provisions of applicable Law.   5.10
NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS. Each Party and Newco will give prompt notice
to the other Party and Newco (and subsequently keep the other Party and Newco
informed on a current basis) upon its becoming aware of the occurrence or
existence of any fact, event or circumstance that (a) is reasonably likely to
result in any Material Adverse Effect on it, or (b) would cause or constitute
a material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants, or
agreements contained herein; provided, that any failure to give notice in
accordance with the foregoing with respect to any breach shall not be deemed
to constitute the failure of any condition set forth in Sections 6.2(b) or
6.3(b) to be satisfied, or otherwise constitute a breach of this Agreement
by the Party or Newco failing to give such notice, in each case unless
the underlying breach would independently result in a failure of the
conditions set forth in Section 6.2(a), 6.2(b), 6.3(a) or 6.3(b), to be
satisfied or give rise to such termination right.   5.11 INVESTIGATION AND
CONFIDENTIALITY.   (a) Each Party and Newco shall permit the other Party
and Newco to make or cause to be made such investigation of the business
and Properties of it and its Subsidiaries and of their respective financial
and legal conditions as the other Party and Newco reasonably requests;
provided, that such investigation shall be reasonably related to the
transactions contemplated hereby and shall not interfere unnecessarily with
normal operations; and provided further, that neither Party nor any of their
respective Subsidiaries nor Newco shall be required to provide access to or
to disclose information where such access or disclosure would jeopardize the
attorney-client or other privilege with respect to such information or
contravene any Law, Order, or Contract and the Parties and Newco will use
their reasonable efforts to make appropriate substitute disclosure
arrangements, to the extent practicable, in circumstances in   - 29
-   which the restrictions of the preceding sentence apply. No
investigation by a Party or Newco shall affect the representations and
warranties of the other Party or Newco.   (b) Each Party and Newco shall,
and shall cause its Representatives to, maintain the confidentiality of all
confidential information furnished to it by the other Party and Newco
concerning its and its Subsidiaries\' businesses, operations, and financial
positions to the extent required by, and in accordance with the
Confidentiality Agreement, and shall not use such information for any purpose
except in furtherance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If
this Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Time, each Party and
Newco shall promptly return or certify the destruction of all documents and
copies and extracts thereof, and all work papers containing confidential
information received from the other Party and Newco.   5.12 PRESS RELEASES;
PUBLICITY. Prior to the Effective Time, the Parties and Newco shall consult
with each other as to the form and substance of any press release or other
public statement materially related to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby prior to issuing such press release or public statement
or making any other public disclosure related thereto; provided, that nothing
in this Section 5.12 shall be deemed to prohibit any Party or Newco from
making any disclosure necessary in order to satisfy such Party or Newco\'s
disclosure obligations imposed by Law or the NYSE or any other self-
regulatory organization.   5.13 ACQUISITION PROPOSALS.   (a) Each Party
agrees that it will not, and will cause its Subsidiaries and its and its
Subsidiaries\' officers, directors, Representatives and Affiliates not to,
directly or indirectly, (i) initiate, solicit, encourage or knowingly
facilitate inquiries or proposals with respect to, (ii) engage or participate
in any negotiations concerning, (iii) provide any confidential or nonpublic
information or data to, or have or participate in any discussions with, any
Person relating to, or (iv) in the case of Union Planters only, waive any
provisions of or amend the terms of the Union Planters Rights Plan to
facilitate, any Acquisition Proposal; provided that, in the event
either Party receives an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal,
such Party may, and may permit its Subsidiaries and its and its
Subsidiaries\' Representatives to, furnish or cause to be furnished nonpublic
information or data and participate in such negotiations or discussions to
the extent that the Board of Directors of such Party concludes in good faith
(after receiving the advice of its outside counsel and its financial
advisors) that failure to take such actions would result in a violation of
its fiduciary duties under applicable Law; provided further that, prior to
providing any nonpublic information permitted to be provided pursuant to the
foregoing proviso, it shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement
with such third party on terms no less favorable to it than the
Confidentiality Agreement. Each Party will immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations conducted before the
date of this Agreement with any Persons other than Union Planters or Regions,
as the case dictates, with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Each Party
will promptly (within one day) advise the other Party following receipt of
any Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry which could reasonably be expected to
lead to an Acquisition Proposal, and the substance thereof (including the
identity of the Person making such Acquisition Proposal), and will keep the
other Party apprised of any related developments, discussions and
negotiations on a current basis. Each of the Parties shall   - 30 -   use
its reasonable best efforts to enforce any existing confidentiality
or standstill agreements to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a party
in accordance with the terms thereof.   (b) Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall prevent a Party or its Board of Directors from complying with
Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 under the 1934 Act with respect to an Acquisition
Proposal; provided, that such Rules will in no way eliminate or modify the
effect that any action pursuant to such Rules would otherwise have under this
Agreement.   5.14 TAKEOVER LAWS; NO RIGHTS TRIGGERED. If any Takeover Law
may become, or may purport to be, applicable to the transactions
contemplated hereby, each Party and Newco and the members of their respective
Boards of Directors will grant such approvals and take such actions as are
necessary (other than any action requiring the approval of its stockholders
or shareholders (other than as contemplated by Section 5.6)) so that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as
promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and otherwise act to
eliminate or minimize the effects of any Takeover Law on any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Union Planters shall take all
action necessary to ensure that, so long as this Agreement shall not have
been terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, that no Person shall become
able to exercise any rights under the Union Planters Rights Plan or enable or
require the Union Planters Shareholder Rights to separate from the shares of
Union Planters Common Stock to which they are attached or to be triggered or
become exercisable or unredeemable as a result of entering into this
Agreement or consummating the transactions contemplated hereby. The Parties
and Newco agree that none of Union Planters\' representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement shall be deemed to be
inaccurate, untrue or breached in any respect for any purpose as a result of
the redemption of the Union Planters Shareholder Rights with the prior
written consent of Regions.   5.15 EXEMPTION FROM LIABILITY UNDER SECTION
16(b). Regions and Union Planters agree that, in order to most effectively
compensate and retain Union Planters Insiders and Regions Insiders (as
defined below) in connection with the Merger, both prior to and after the
Effective Time, it is desirable that Union Planters Insiders and Regions
Insiders not be subject to a risk of liability under Section 16(b) of the
1934 Act to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law in connection with
the conversion of shares of Union Planters Common Stock and Union Planters
Stock Options or Regions Common Stock and Regions Stock Options into shares
of Newco Common Stock in the Merger, and for that compensatory and retentive
purpose agree to the provisions of this Section 5.15. Assuming Union Planters
and Regions deliver to Newco in a reasonably timely fashion prior to the
Effective Time accurate information regarding those officers and directors of
Union Planters and Regions subject to the reporting requirements of Section
16(a) of the 1934 Act (respectively, the "Union Planters Insiders" and the
"Regions Insiders"), the number of shares of Union Planters Common Stock or
Regions Common Stock held or to be held by each such Union Planters Insider
or Regions Insider expected to be exchanged for Newco Common Stock in the
Merger, and the number and description of Union Planters Stock Options and
Union Planters Stock-Based Awards or Regions Stock Options and Regions Stock-
Based Awards held by each such Union Planters Insider or Regions Insider and
expected to be converted into Newco Stock Options or Newco Stock-Based
Awards, the Board of Directors of Newco, or a committee of non-employee
directors thereof (as such term is defined for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d)
under the 1934 Act), shall reasonably promptly thereafter, and in any event
prior to the Effective Time, adopt a resolution providing in substance that
the   - 31 -   receipt by the Union Planters Insiders and Regions
Insiders of Newco Common Stock in exchange for shares of Union Planters
Common Stock and Regions Common Stock, and of Newco Stock Options upon
conversion of Union Planters Stock Options or Regions Stock Options, or Newco
Stock-Based Awards upon conversion of Union Planters Stock-Based Awards or
Regions Stock-Based Awards, in each case pursuant to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, are approved by such Board of Directors or by
such committee thereof, and are intended to be exempt from Liability pursuant
to Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Law.   5.16 AGREEMENT OF AFFILIATES. Union Planters and Regions
have disclosed in Section 5.16 of their Disclosure Letters each Person whom
they reasonably believe may be deemed an "affiliate" of Union Planters or
Regions, respectively, for purposes of Rule 145 under the 1933 Act. Union
Planters and Regions shall use their reasonable efforts to cause each such
Person to deliver to Newco not later than the First Effective Time, a written
agreement, in substantially the form of Exhibit 2-A and 2-B,
respectively.   5.17 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND CONTRACTS.   (a) Following the
Effective Time, Newco at its election shall either (i) provide generally to
officers and employees of Union Planters and its Subsidiaries, who at or
after the Effective Time become employees of Newco or its Subsidiaries
("Union Planters Continuing Employees"), employee benefits under Compensation
and Benefit Plans maintained by Newco, on terms and conditions which are the
same as for similarly situated officers and employees of Regions and its
Subsidiaries, who at or after the Effective Time become employees of Newco or
its Subsidiaries ("Regions Continuing Employees"), or (ii) maintain for the
benefit of the Union Planters Continuing Employees, the Compensation and
Benefit Plans maintained by Union Planters immediately prior to the First
Effective Time; provided that Newco may amend any Compensation and Benefit
Plan maintained by Union Planters immediately prior to the First Effective
Time to comply with any Law or as necessary and appropriate for
other business reasons. Following the First Effective Time, Newco at its
election shall either (i) provide generally to Regions Continuing Employees,
employee benefits under Compensation and Benefit Plans maintained by Newco,
on terms and conditions which are the same as for similarly situated Union
Planters Continuing Employees, or (ii) maintain for the benefit of the
Regions Continuing Employees, the Compensation and Benefits Plans maintained
by Regions immediately prior to the First Effective Time; provided that Newco
may amend any Compensation and Benefit Plan maintained by Regions immediately
prior to the Effective Time to comply with any Law or as necessary and
appropriate for other business reasons. For purposes of this Section 5.17,
Compensation and Benefit Plans maintained by Regions or Union Planters are
deemed to include Compensation and Benefit Plans maintained by their
respective Subsidiaries.   (b) For purposes of participation, vesting and
benefit accrual (except not for purposes of benefit accrual with respect to
any plan in which such credit would result in a duplication of benefits)
under Newco\'s Compensation and Benefit Plans, service with or credited by
Union Planters or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their predecessors or
Regions or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their predecessors shall be
treated as service with Newco; provided that this provision shall not cause
Regions\' tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan (which is not open to
new participants) to be opened to new participants. To the extent permitted
under   - 32 -   applicable Law, Newco shall cause welfare Compensation
and Benefit Plans maintained by Newco that cover the Union Planters
Continuing Employees or Regions Continuing Employees ("Continuing Employees")
after the Effective Time to (i) waive any waiting period and restrictions and
limitations for preexisting conditions or insurability (except for pre-
existing conditions that were excluded, or restrictions or limitations that
were applicable, under welfare Compensation and Benefit Plans maintained by
Union Planters or Regions), and (ii) cause any deductible, co-insurance, or
maximum out-of-pocket payments made by the Union Planters Continuing
Employees or Regions Continuing Employees under welfare Compensation and
Benefit Plans maintained by Union Planters or Regions, respectively, to be
credited to such Continuing Employees under welfare Compensation and Benefit
Plans maintained by Newco, so as to reduce the amount of any deductible, co-
insurance, or maximum out-of-pocket payments payable by such Continuing
Employees under welfare Compensation and Benefit Plans maintained by
Newco.   (c) From the First Effective Time or the Effective Time, as the
case may be, until December 31, 2005, Newco shall cause each
medical Compensation and Benefit Plan maintained by Union Planters or
Regions, respectively, to continue in effect for the benefit of the Union
Planters Continuing Employees or Regions Continuing Employees, respectively,
so long as such Continuing Employees remain eligible to participate and until
they shall become eligible to become participants in the corresponding
medical Compensation and Benefit Plans maintained by Newco (and, with respect
to any such plan or program, subject to complying with the eligibility
requirements after taking into account the service crediting and other
provisions set forth above and subject to the right of Newco to terminate
such plan or program).   (d) Nothing in this Section 5.17 shall be
interpreted as preventing Newco, from and after the Effective Time, from
amending, modifying or terminating any Compensation and Benefit Plans
maintained by Regions, Compensation and Benefit Plans maintained by Union
Planters, or other Contracts, arrangements, commitments or understandings, in
accordance with their terms and applicable Law.   5.18 INDEMNIFICATION.  
(a) From and after the Effective Time or the First Effective Time, as the
case may be, in the event of any threatened or actual claim, action, suit,
proceeding, or investigation, whether civil, criminal, or administrative, in
which any Person who is now, or has been at any time prior to the date of
this Agreement, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time or the First
Effective Time, as the case may be, a director or officer of Union Planters
or Regions or any of their Subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Parties") is, or is
threatened to be, made a party based in whole or in part on, or arising
in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to (i) the fact that he is or was
a director, officer, or employee of Union Planters, Regions, any of
their Subsidiaries, or any of their respective predecessors, or (ii) this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, whether in any case
asserted or arising before or after the Effective Time or the First Effective
Time, as the case may be, Newco shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable Law each such Indemnified Party
against any Liability (including advancement of reasonable attorneys\' fees
and expenses prior to the final disposition of any claim, suit, proceeding,
or investigation to each Indemnified Party to the fullest extent permitted by
Law upon receipt of any undertaking required by applicable Law), judgments,
fines, and   - 33 -   amounts paid in settlement in connection with any
such threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding, or
investigation.   (b) Newco agrees that all rights to indemnification
and all limitations on Liability existing in favor of the directors,
officers, and employees of Union Planters, Regions and their Subsidiaries
(the "Covered Parties") as provided in their respective Organizational
Documents as in effect as of the date of this Agreement or in any
indemnification agreement in existence on the date of this Agreement with
Union Planters, Regions or their Subsidiaries and disclosed in Union
Planters\' Disclosure Letter or Regions\' Disclosure Letter with respect to
matters occurring prior to the Effective Time shall survive the Merger and
shall continue in full force and effect, and shall be honored by such
entities or their respective successors as if they were the indemnifying
party thereunder, without any amendment thereto; provided, that nothing
contained in this Section 5.18(b) shall be deemed to preclude
any liquidation, consolidation, or merger of any Union Planters or
Regions Subsidiaries, in which case all of such rights to indemnification
and limitations on Liability shall be deemed to so survive and
continue notwithstanding any such liquidation, consolidation, or merger.
Without limiting the foregoing, in any case in which approval by Newco is
required to effectuate any indemnification, Newco shall direct, at the
election of the Indemnified Party, that the determination of any such
approval shall be made by independent counsel mutually agreed upon between
Newco and the Indemnified Party.   (c) Newco, from and after the Effective
Time or the First Effective Time, as the case may be, will directly or
indirectly cause the Persons who served as directors or officers of Union
Planters and Regions immediately prior to the Effective Time to be covered by
Union Planters or Regions\', respectively, existing directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance policy with respect to acts or omissions
occurring prior to the Effective Time or the First Effective Time, as the
case may be, which were committed by such officers and directors in their
capacity as such; provided, that (i) Newco may substitute therefor policies
of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions
which are not less advantageous than such policy, (ii) in no event shall
Newco be required to expend more than 250% per year of coverage of the amount
currently expended by Union Planters and Regions per year of coverage as of
the date of this Agreement (the "Maximum Amount") to maintain or procure
insurance coverage pursuant hereto, and (iii) if notwithstanding the use of
reasonable best efforts to do so, Newco is unable to maintain or obtain the
insurance called for by this Section 5.18(c), Newco shall obtain as much
comparable insurance as available for the Maximum Amount. Such insurance
coverage shall commence at the Effective Time or the First Effective Time, as
the case may be, and will be provided for a period of no less than six years
after the Effective Time or the First Effective Time, as the case may be.  
(d) Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification under Section
5.18(a), upon learning of any claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation described above, shall promptly notify Newco thereof; provided
that the failure so to notify shall not affect the obligations of Newco under
Section 5.18(a) unless and to the extent that Newco is prejudiced as a result
of such failure.   (e) The provisions of this Section 5.18 are intended
to be for the benefit of and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party
and his or her heirs and representatives.   - 34 -    5.19 CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE.   (a) Newco\'s by-laws at the Effective Time shall contain
a Section as set forth below (and all actions shall be taken to give
effect thereto). The provisions of this by-law shall also be considered an
agreement of the Parties in this Agreement mutatis mutandi.   BY-LAW  
Section ___. CEO POSITION AND SUCCESSION; BOARD COMPOSITION.   (a) The Board
of Directors of Newco has resolved that, effective  as of the Effective Time
(as defined in the Agreement and Plan  of Merger, dated as of January 22,
2004, by and between  Regions Financial Corporation ("Regions") and Union
Planters  Corporation ("Union Planters"), as the same may be amended  from
time to time (the "Merger Agreement")), Carl E. Jones,  Jr. shall serve as
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive  Officer of Newco and Jackson W.
Moore shall become the  President and Chief Executive Officer-Designate of
Newco. The  Board of Directors of Newco has further resolved that Jackson 
W. Moore shall be the successor to Carl E. Jones, Jr. as the  Chief Executive
Officer of Newco, with such succession to  become effective on July 1, 2005
or any such earlier date as  of which Carl E. Jones, Jr. ceases for any
reason to serve in  the position of Chief Executive Officer of Newco (the
date of  such succession, the "First Succession Date"), and that Carl  E.
Jones, Jr. shall continue to serve as Chairman of the Board  following the
First Succession Date until June 30, 2006. The  Board of Directors has
further resolved that Jackson W. Moore  shall be the successor to Carl E.
Jones, Jr. as the Chairman  of the Board of Newco, with such succession to
become  effective on July 1, 2006 or any such earlier date as of which  Carl
E. Jones, Jr. no longer serves as the Chairman of the  Board of Newco (the
"Second Succession Date").   (b) Effective as of the Effective Time, the
Board of Directors of  Newco shall be comprised of 26 directors, of which
thirteen  shall be former members of the Board of Directors of Regions 
chosen by Regions (the "Former Regions Directors") and  thirteen of which
shall be former members of the Board of  Directors of Union Planters chosen
by Union Planters (the  "Former Union Planters Directors") and the Former
Regions  Directors and the Former Union Planters Directors shall be 
apportioned among the three classes of the Board of Directors  in a manner as
nearly equal as possible. From and after the  Effective Time through June 30,
2007, all vacancies on the  Board of Directors of Newco created by the
cessation of  service of a Former Regions Director shall be filled by a 
nominee proposed to the nominating committee of the Board of  Directors of
Newco by a   - 35 -    majority of the remaining Former Regions
Directors, and all  vacancies on the Board of Directors of Newco created by
the  cessation of service of a Former Union Planters Director shall  be
filled by a nominee proposed to the nominating committee of  the Board of
Directors of Newco by a majority of the remaining  Former Union Planters
Directors, and all directors so  nominated and appointed or elected to the
Board of Directors  of Newco by the Former Regions Directors shall be
considered  "Former Regions Directors" for purposes of this Section ___  and
all directors so nominated and appointed or elected to the  Board of
Directors of Newco by the Former Union Planters  Directors shall be
considered "Former Union Planters  Directors" for purposes of this Section
___.   (c) The removal of Carl E. Jones, Jr. or Jackson W. Moore from, or 
the failure to appoint or re-elect Carl E. Jones, Jr. or  Jackson W. Moore
to, any of the positions specifically  provided for in this Section __, and
any amendment to or  termination of any employment agreement with Carl E.
Jones,  Jr. or Jackson W. Moore, prior to the Second Succession Date  and
any determination not to nominate Carl E. Jones, Jr. or  Jackson W. Moore as
a Director of Newco, prior to the Second  Succession Date, shall each require
the affirmative vote of at  least 66-2/3% of the full Board of Directors.  
(d) The provisions of this Section ___ may be modified, amended or  repealed,
and any By-law provision inconsistent with the  provisions of this Section
___ may be adopted, only by an  affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3% of the
full Board of  Directors. In the event of any inconsistency between any 
provision of this Section ___ and any other provision of these  By-laws or
the Newco\'s other constituent documents, the  provisions of this Section ___
are intended to control.   (b) The headquarters of Newco and the lead
Subsidiary bank will be located in Birmingham, Alabama and the following
business units of Newco will be headquartered in the following places: (A)
banking shall be headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama; and (B) broker-dealer
and investment services and mortgage banking shall be headquartered in
Memphis, Tennessee unless otherwise determined in each case by the
affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3% of the full Newco Board of
Directors.   (c) As of the date hereof, Jackson W. Moore, Union Planters
and Regions shall enter into an amendment to Jackson W. Moore\'s employment
agreement. Union Planters and Jackson W. Moore shall also enter into an
amendment to Jackson W. Moore\'s Supplemental Executive Retirement
Agreement. As of the date hereof, Carl E. Jones, Jr. and Regions shall enter
into an amendment to Carl E. Jones, Jr.\'s employment agreement. No
amendment, waiver or change may be made to any of the foregoing without the
consent of Regions and Union Planters.   (d) During each year following the
Effective Time, the Board of Directors of Newco shall hold at least two
regular meetings of the Board of Directors in Birmingham, Alabama and at
least two regular meetings in Memphis, Tennessee unless otherwise determined
by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3% of the full Board of
Directors.   - 36 -    5.20 FORMATION OF NEWCO. As soon as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, Regions and Union Planters shall cause
Newco to be duly organized under Delaware law as a direct subsidiary of
Regions and Union Planters and to become a party to this Agreement by
executing and delivering a supplement hereto, and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein made with respect to,
or on behalf of, Newco shall be deemed to be made as of the effective time of
Newco becoming a party hereto. The Parties agree to cause Newco to comply
with all of Newco\'s agreements, covenants and obligations under this
Agreement and to promptly effect the Newco Stockholder Approval. Prior to the
Effective Time, the Board of Directors of Newco shall consist of one Regions
officer designated by Regions and one Union Planters officer designated by
Union Planters, and following the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of
Newco shall be constituted as provided in Section 5.19 above.   5.21 CHANGE
OF METHOD. Union Planters and Regions shall be empowered, upon their mutual
agreement and without additional approval of their respective Boards of
Directors, at any time prior to the Effective Time, to change the method of
effecting the combination of Union Planters and Newco, and/or of Regions and
Newco (including the provisions of Article 1 and Article 2), if and to the
extent they both deem such change to be necessary, appropriate or desirable;
provided, however, that no such change shall (i) alter or change the Exchange
Ratio or the number of shares of Newco Common Stock received by Union
Planters shareholders in exchange for each share of Union Planters
Common Stock, (ii) adversely affect the tax treatment of Union Planters\'
shareholders or Regions\' stockholders pursuant to this Agreement, (iii)
adversely affect the tax treatment of Union Planters or Regions pursuant to
this Agreement or (iv) materially impede or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement in a timely manner. The Parties
agree to reflect any such change in an appropriate amendment to this
Agreement executed by both Parties in accordance with Section 8.6.   5.22
RESTRUCTURING EFFORTS. If either Regions or Union Planters shall have failed
to obtain the requisite vote or votes of its Holders for the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement at a duly held meeting of its
Holders or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, each of the parties
shall in good faith use its reasonable best efforts to negotiate
a restructuring of the transaction provided for herein (it being understood
that neither Party shall have any obligation to alter or change the amount or
kind of the merger consideration in a manner adverse to such party or its
Holders) and/or to resubmit the transaction to their respective Holders for
approval.   ARTICLE 6  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS TO
CONSUMMATE   6.1 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY. The
respective obligations of each Party and Newco to perform this Agreement and
to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions, unless waived by
each Party pursuant to Section 8.7:   (a) STOCKHOLDER AND SHAREHOLDER
APPROVAL. Union Planters shall have obtained the Union Planters Shareholder
Approval and Regions shall have obtained the Regions Stockholder
Approval.   - 37 -    (b) REGULATORY APPROVALS. All Regulatory
Consents required to consummate the Merger (the "Required Consents") shall
(i) have been obtained or made and be in full force and effect and all
waiting periods required by Law shall have expired and (ii) not be subject to
any term or condition that would, after the Effective Time, have or be
reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect on Newco.   (c) NO
ORDERS OR RESTRAINTS; ILLEGALITY. No Order issued by any Governmental
Authority (whether temporary, preliminary, or permanent) preventing the
consummation of the First Step Merger or the Second Step Merger shall be in
effect and no Law or Order shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
enforced by any Governmental Authority that prohibits, restrains, or makes
illegal the consummation of the First Step Merger or the Second
Step Merger.   (d) REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration
Statement shall be effective under the 1933 Act, no stop orders suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued, and
no action, suit, proceeding, or investigation by the SEC or any other
Governmental Authority to suspend the effectiveness thereof shall have been
initiated and be continuing or be threatened.   (e) LISTING OF NEWCO COMMON
STOCK. The shares of Newco Common Stock to be issued to the holders of Union
Planters Common Stock and Regions Common Stock upon consummation of the
Merger shall have been authorized for listing on the NYSE, subject to
official notice of issuance.   6.2 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF REGIONS. The
obligations of Regions to perform this Agreement and consummate the First
Step Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions, unless waived by Regions pursuant
to Section 8.7:   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The
representations and warranties of Union Planters and Newco set forth in this
Agreement, after giving effect to Sections 4.1 and 4.2, shall be true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though
made at and as of the Closing Date (except that representations and
warranties that by their terms speak specifically as of the date of this
Agreement or some other date shall be true and correct as of such date) and
Regions shall have received certificates, dated the Closing Date, signed on
behalf of Union Planters by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of Union Planters and signed on behalf of Newco to such effect.  
(b) PERFORMANCE OF AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS. Union Planters and Newco shall
have duly performed and complied with the agreements and covenants required
to be performed and complied with by it pursuant to this Agreement prior to
the Effective Time in all material respects and Regions shall have received a
certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed on behalf of Union Planters by
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Union Planters, to
such effect.   (c) TAX OPINION. Regions shall have received a
written opinion from Alston and Bird LLP in a form reasonably satisfactory to
Regions, dated the date of the Effective Time,   - 38 -   substantially
to the effect that, (i) each of the First Step Merger and the Second Step
Merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code, (ii) each of Regions and Newco will be a party
to that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal
Revenue Code in respect of the First Step Merger and each of Union Planters
and Newco will be a party to the reorganization in respect of the Second Step
Merger, and (iii) no gain or loss will be recognized by holders of Regions
Common Stock who exchange all of their Regions Common Stock solely for Newco
Common Stock pursuant to the First Step Merger. In rendering such
opinion, such counsel shall be entitled to rely upon representations of
officers of Regions reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to such
counsel.   (d) EFFECTIVE TIME. All actions shall have been taken, and all
conditions satisfied, for the Effective Time to occur (unless the failure to
be so satisfied is a result of actions or omissions by Regions).   6.3
CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF UNION PLANTERS. The obligations of Union
Planters to perform this Agreement and consummate the Second Step Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the satisfaction of
the following conditions, unless waived by Union Planters pursuant to Section
8.7:   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and
warranties of Regions and Newco set forth in this Agreement, after
giving effect to Sections 4.1 and 4.2, shall be true and correct as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made at and as of
the Closing Date (except that representations and warranties that by their
terms speak specifically as of the date of this Agreement or some other date
shall be true and correct as of such date) and Union Planters shall have
received certificates, dated the Closing Date, signed on behalf of Regions by
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Regions and signed
on behalf of Newco to such effect.   (b) PERFORMANCE OF AGREEMENTS AND
COVENANTS. Regions and Newco shall have duly performed and complied with the
agreements and covenants required to be performed and complied with by it
pursuant to this Agreement prior to the Effective Time in all material
respects and Union Planters shall have received a certificate, dated the
Closing Date, signed on behalf of Regions by the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer of Regions, to such effect.   (c) TAX OPINION.
Union Planters shall have received a written opinion from Alston and Bird LLP
in a form reasonably satisfactory to Union Planters, dated the date of the
Effective Time, substantially to the effect that, (i) each of the First Step
Merger and the Second Step Merger will constitute a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, (ii) each of Regions
and Newco will be a party to that reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code in respect of the First Step
Merger and each of Union Planters and Newco will be a party to the
reorganization in respect of the Second Step Merger, and (iii) no gain or
loss will be recognized by holders of Union Planters Common Stock
who exchange all of their Union Planters Common Stock solely for Newco Common
Stock pursuant to the Second Step Merger. In rendering such opinion, such
counsel shall be   - 39 -   entitled to rely upon representations of
officers of Union Planters reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
such counsel.   (d) CONSUMMATION OF THE FIRST STEP MERGER. The
First Effective Time shall have occurred and the First Step Merger shall have
been consummated and the covenant set forth in Section 5.19(a) shall have
been satisfied in all respects (unless the failure to be so satisfied is as a
result of actions or omissions by Union Planters).   ARTICLE 7 
TERMINATION   7.1 TERMINATION. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, and notwithstanding the Union Planters Shareholder Approval
and Regions Stockholder Approval, this Agreement may be terminated and the
Merger abandoned at any time prior to the First Effective Time:   (a) By
mutual consent of the Board of Directors  of both Parties; or   (b) By the
Board of Directors of either Party in  the event of a breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or  agreement contained in this Agreement
on the part of the other Party,  which breach would result in, if occurring
or continuing on the Closing  Date, the failure of the conditions to the
terminating Party\'s  obligations set forth in Section 6.2 or 6.3, as the
case dictates, and  which cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days
after the giving  of written notice to the breaching Party of such breach;
or   (c) By the Board of Directors of either Party in  the event that any
Required Consent has been denied by final  nonappealable action of such
authority; or   (d) By the Board of Directors of either Party in  ] the
event that the Merger has not been consummated by December 31,  2004 (the
"Termination Date"), if the failure to consummate the  transactions
contemplated hereby on or before such date is not caused  by any breach of
this Agreement by the Party electing to terminate  pursuant to this Section
7.1; or   (e) By the Board of Directors of either Party in  the event that
(i) the Board of Directors of the other Party has failed  to recommend that
its shareholders vote in favor of this Agreement or  has withdrawn, modified
or qualified such recommendation in a manner  adverse to the terminating
Party, (ii) the other Party has failed to  substantially comply with its
obligations under Section 5.6 or 5.13, or  (iii) the Board of Directors of
the other Party has recommended or  endorsed an Acquisition Proposal; or  
(f) By the Board of Directors of either Party,  if it determines in good
faith by a majority vote that the other Party  has substantially engaged in
bad faith in breach of its obligations  under Section 5.22 of this
Agreement.   7.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION. In the event of the termination
and abandonment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, this Agreement
shall become void and have no effect, and none of Regions, Union Planters,
any of their respective Subsidiaries, or any of the officers or   - 40
-   directors of any of them, shall have any Liability of any nature
whatsoever hereunder or in conjunction with the transactions contemplated
hereby, except that (a) the provisions of Sections 4.3(q) and 5.11(b), this
Section 7.2, and Article 8 shall survive any such termination and
abandonment, and (b) a termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the
breaching Party from Liability for any uncured willful breach of a
representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement of such Party contained in
this Agreement.   ARTICLE 8  MISCELLANEOUS   8.1 DEFINITIONS.   (a)
Except as otherwise provided herein, the capitalized terms set forth below
shall have the following meanings:   "1933 ACT" shall mean the Securities
Act of 1933, as  amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.   "1934 ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of  1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
"ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" shall mean, other than the  transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, any offer, proposal or  inquiry relating to, or any third
party indication of interest in, (i)  any acquisition or purchase, direct or
indirect, of 25% or more of the  consolidated assets of a Party and its
Subsidiaries or 25% or more of  any class of equity or voting securities of a
Party or its Subsidiaries  whose assets, individually or in the aggregate,
constitute more than  25% of the consolidated assets of the Party, (ii) any
tender offer  (including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer that, if
consummated,  would result in such third party beneficially owning 25% or
more of any  class of equity or voting securities of a Party or its
Subsidiaries  whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute more
than  25% of the consolidated assets of the Party, or (iii) a merger, 
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, reorganization, 
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction 
involving a Party or its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in  the
aggregate, constitute more than 30% of the consolidated assets of  the
Party.   "AFFILIATE" of a Person shall mean any other Person  directly, or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries,  controlling, controlled by or
under common control with such Person.   "BHC ACT" shall mean the federal
Bank Holding Company  Act of 1956, as amended.   "COMPENSATION AND BENEFIT
PLAN" shall mean any  pension, retirement, profit-sharing, deferred
compensation, stock  option, employee stock ownership, severance pay,
vacation, bonus, or  other incentive plan, any other employee program or
agreement, any  medical, vision, dental, or other written health plan, any
life  insurance plan, and any other employee benefit plan or fringe benefit 
plan, including any   - 41 -    "employee benefit plan" (as that term is
defined in Section 3(3) of  ERISA), maintained by, sponsored in whole or in
part by, or contributed  to by a Party for the benefit of its and its
Subsidiaries\' employees,  retirees, dependents, spouses, directors,
independent contractors, or  other beneficiaries and under which such
employees, retirees,  dependents, spouses, directors, independent
contractors, or other  beneficiaries are eligible to participate and, except
for the purposes  of Section 5.17, any employment, severance, termination,
consulting or  retirement Contract with its or its Subsidiaries\' current or
former  employees.   "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" shall mean that certain 
Confidentiality Agreement, dated November 25, 2003, by and between  Regions
and Union Planters.   "CONSENT" shall mean any consent, approval, 
authorization, clearance, exemption, waiver, or similar affirmation by  any
Person pursuant to any Contract, Law, Order, or Permit.   "CONTRACT" shall
mean any written or oral agreement,  arrangement, commitment, contract,
indenture, instrument, lease,  understanding, or undertaking of any kind or
character to which any  Person is a party or that is binding on any Person or
its capital  stock, assets, or business.   "DEFAULT" shall mean (i) any
breach or violation of  or default under any Contract, Law, Order, or Permit,
(ii) any  occurrence of any event that with the passage of time or the giving
of  notice or both would constitute a breach or violation of or default 
under any Contract, Law, Order, or Permit, or (iii) any occurrence of  any
event that with or without the passage of time or the giving of  notice would
give rise to a right to terminate or revoke, change the  current terms of, or
renegotiate, or to accelerate, increase, or impose  any Liability under, any
Contract, Law, Order, or Permit.   "DGCL" shall mean the Delaware General
Corporation  Law, as amended.   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" shall mean all Laws
relating to  pollution or protection of human health or the environment
(including  ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface, or
subsurface  strata) and which are administered, interpreted, or enforced by
the  United States Environmental Protection Agency and state and local 
agencies with jurisdiction over, and including common Law in respect  of,
pollution or protection of the environment, including CERCLA, the  Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 6901, et  seq., and any
other Laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases,  or threatened
releases of any Hazardous Material, or otherwise relating  to the
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,  disposal,
transport, or handling of any Hazardous Material.   "ERISA" shall mean the
Employee Retirement Income  Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA
PLAN" shall mean any Compensation and Benefit  Plan which is an "employee
welfare benefit plan," as that term is  defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, or
an "employee pension benefit  plan," as that term is defined in Section 3(2)
of ERISA.   - 42 -    "EXCHANGE AGENT" shall mean an exchange agent 
mutually agreed upon by Regions and Union Planters, which may be an 
Affiliate of Regions.   "EXCHANGE RATIO" shall mean 1.2346.   "EXHIBITS" 1
through 2, inclusive, shall mean the  Exhibits so marked, copies of which are
attached to this Agreement.  Such Exhibits are hereby incorporated by
reference herein and made a  part hereof, and may be referred to in this
Agreement and any other  related instrument or document without being
attached hereto.   "FACILITIES" shall mean all buildings and  improvements
on the Property of any Person and any of its Subsidiaries.   "FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS" shall mean (i) the  consolidated statements of condition or
balance sheets (including  related notes and schedules, if any) of a Party
included in any SEC  Report filed by a Party, and the related statements of
income, changes  in shareholders\' equity, and cash flows (including related
notes and  schedules, if any) included in any SEC Report filed by a Party,
and  (ii) the consolidated statements of condition or balance sheets of a 
Party (including related notes and schedules, if any), and related  statement
of income, change in shareholders\' equity, and cash flows  (including
related notes and schedules, if any) included in its SEC  Reports.   "GAAP"
shall mean United States generally accepted  accounting principles,
consistently applied during the periods  involved.   "GOVERNMENTAL
AUTHORITY" shall mean each Regulatory  Authority and any other domestic or
foreign court, administrative  agency, commission or other governmental
authority or instrumentality  (including the staff thereof), or any industry
self-regulatory  authority (including the staff thereof).   "HAZARDOUS
MATERIAL" shall mean (i) any hazardous  substance, hazardous material,
hazardous waste, regulated substance, or  toxic substance (as those terms are
defined by any applicable  Environmental Laws), and (ii) any chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants,  petroleum, petroleum products that are or become
regulated under any  applicable local, state, or federal Law (and
specifically shall include  asbestos requiring abatement, removal, or
encapsulation pursuant to the  requirements of governmental authorities,
black mold and any  polychlorinated biphenyls).   "HSR ACT" shall mean
Section 7A of the Clayton Act,  as added by Title II of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements  Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated  thereunder.   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean
all patents,  trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, database
rights,  copyrights, and any applications therefor, mask works, technology, 
know-how, Trade Secrets, inventory, ideas, algorithms, processes,  computer
software programs or applications (in both source code and  object code
form), and tangible or intangible proprietary information  or material and
all other intellectual property or proprietary rights.   - 43 -   
"INTERNAL REVENUE CODE" shall mean the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, and the rules and regulations  promulgated thereunder.   "JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS" shall mean the  joint proxy statement and
prospectus and other proxy solicitation  materials of Regions and Union
Planters constituting a part of the  Registration Statement.   "LAW" shall
mean any code, law (including common  law), ordinance, regulation, rule, or
statute applicable to a Person or  its assets, Liabilities, or business,
including those promulgated,  interpreted, or enforced by any Governmental
Authority.   "LIABILITY" shall mean any direct or indirect,  primary or
secondary, liability, indebtedness, obligation, penalty,  cost, or expense
(including costs of investigation, collection, and  defense), claim,
deficiency, or guaranty of any type, whether accrued,  absolute or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, matured or  unmatured, or
otherwise.   "LIEN" shall mean any mortgage, pledge, reservation, 
restriction (other than a restriction on transfers arising under the 
Securities Laws), security interest, lien, or encumbrance of any nature 
whatsoever of, on, or with respect to any property or property  interest,
other than (i) Liens for property Taxes not yet due and  payable and (ii) in
the case of depository institution Subsidiaries of  a Party, pledges to
secure deposits.   "LITIGATION" shall mean any action, arbitration,  cause
of action, claim, complaint, criminal prosecution, demand letter, 
governmental or other examination or investigation, hearing, inquiry, 
administrative or other proceeding, suit or notice (written or oral) by  any
Person alleging potential Liability, but shall not include regular,  periodic
examinations by Regulatory Authorities.   "NASD" shall mean the National
Association of  Securities Dealers, Inc.   "NEWCO COMMON STOCK" shall mean
the common stock of  Newco.   "NYSE" shall mean the New York Stock
Exchange, Inc.   "ORDER" shall mean any administrative decision or  award,
decree, injunction, judgment, order, quasi-judicial decision or  award,
ruling, or writ of any federal, state, local, or foreign or  other court,
arbitrator, mediator, tribunal, administrative agency, or  Governmental
Authority.   "ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS" shall mean the articles of 
incorporation, certificate of incorporation, charter, by-laws or other 
similar governing instruments, in each case as amended as of the date 
specified, of any Person, including the Union Planters Amended and  Restated
Charter and the Regions Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  
"OUTSTANDING" shall mean, with respect to shares of  capital stock of a
Party, shares of such capital stock that are issued  and outstanding at a
particular time.   - 44 -    "PARTY" shall mean either Regions or Union
Planters,  and "PARTIES" shall mean both Regions and Union Planters.  
"PENSION PLAN" shall mean any ERISA Plan which is  also subject to Section
412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302  of ERISA.   "PERMIT" shall
mean any federal, state, local, and  foreign governmental approval,
authorization, certificate, easement,  filing, franchise, license, order or
permit from Governmental  Authorities that are required for the operation of
a Party\'s respective  businesses.   "PERMITTED ISSUANCES" shall mean (a)
in the case of  Regions, (i) issuances of Regions Common Stock upon exercise
of Rights  outstanding as of the date hereof issued under the Regions Stock
Plans,  (ii) issuances of new Rights pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Regions Stock Plans for up to 105% of the number by type (i.e.,  options,
restricted stock) of Rights issued by Regions during the  twelve months prior
to the date hereof, provided that (A) such new  issuances are in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with  past practice in terms of the timing,
type, terms and amount of such  issuances and (B) such Rights do not vest in
connection with the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii)
issuances of Regions  Common Stock in accordance with the Regions Stock Plans
pursuant to  Rights outstanding as of the date hereof and (ii) Rights issued
under  (a)(ii) above, and (iv) issuances of Regions Common Stock pursuant
to  the Regions DRIP to the extent permitted hereunder; and (b) in the case 
of Union Planters, (i) issuances of Union Planters Common Stock upon 
conversion of Union Planters Series E Preferred Stock, (ii) issuances  of
Union Planters Common Stock upon exercise of Rights outstanding as  of the
date hereof issued under the Union Planters Stock Plans, (iii)  issuances of
new Rights pursuant to and in accordance with the Union  Planters Stock Plans
for up to 105% of the number by type (i.e.,  options, restricted stock) of
Rights issued by Union Planters during  the twelve months prior to the date
hereof, provided that (A) such  issuances are in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with  past practice in terms of the timing, type,
terms and amount of such  issuances and (B) such Rights do not vest in
connection with the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iv)
issuances of Union  Planters Common Stock pursuant to the Union Planters DRIP
to the extent  permitted hereunder, and (v) issuances of Union Planters
Common Stock  in accordance with the Union Planters Stock Plans pursuant to
Rights  outstanding as of the date hereof and Rights issued under (b)(iii) 
above.   "PERMITTED REPURCHASES" shall mean (a) repurchases of  Regions
Capital Stock or Union Planters Capital Stock in accordance  with any stock
repurchase program announced prior to the date of this  Agreement by a Party,
or any extension or renewal of such program, and  (b) repurchases or
redemptions (including any cancellation upon  conversion into Union Planters
Common Stock) of the issued and  outstanding shares of Union Planters Series
E Preferred Stock in  accordance with Section 5.4.   - 45 -    "PERSON"
shall mean a natural person or any legal,  commercial, or governmental
entity, including, a corporation, general  partnership, joint venture,
limited partnership, limited liability  company, trust, business association,
group acting in concert, or any  person acting in a representative
capacity.   "PROPERTY" shall mean all real property leased or  owned by any
Person and its Subsidiaries, either currently or in the  past.   "REGIONS
CAPITAL STOCK" shall mean Regions Common  Stock and Regions Preferred
Stock.   "REGIONS COMMON STOCK" shall mean the $0.625 par  value per share
common stock of Regions.   "REGIONS PREFERRED STOCK" shall mean the $1.00
par  value per share preferred stock of Regions.   "REGIONS RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION" shall  mean the restated certificate of
incorporation of Regions in effect as  of the date of this Agreement and
amended from time to time thereafter.   "REGIONS STOCK PLAN" shall mean any
equity  compensation plan of Regions.   "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" shall mean
the Registration  Statement on Form S-4, or other appropriate form, including
any  pre-effective or post-effective amendments or supplements thereto, 
filed with the SEC by Newco under the 1933 Act with respect to the  shares of
Newco Common Stock to be issued to the shareholders of Union  Planters and
Regions in connection with the transactions contemplated  by this
Agreement.   "REGULATORY AUTHORITIES" shall mean, collectively,  the
Federal Trade Commission, the United States Department of Justice,  the Board
of the Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of  the
Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation, the
Office of Thrift Supervision, the Internal Revenue  Service, the PBGC, all
state regulatory agencies having jurisdiction  over the Parties and their
respective Subsidiaries, the NASD, the NYSE,  and the SEC (including, in each
case, the staff thereof).   "REPRESENTATIVE" shall mean any investment
banker,  financial advisor, attorney, accountant, consultant, agent or
other  representative of a Person.   "RIGHTS" shall mean, with respect to
any Person,  securities, or obligations convertible into or exercisable or 
exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or 
acquire, or any options, calls, restricted stock, deferred stock  awards,
stock units, phantom awards, dividend equivalents, or  commitments relating
to, or any stock appreciation right or other  instrument the value of which
is determined in whole or in part by  reference to the market price or value
of, shares of capital stock or  earnings of   - 46 -    such Person, and
shall include the Regions Stock Options, Regions  Stock-Based Awards, Union
Planters Stock Options and Union Planters  Stock-Based Awards, but shall not
include the Union Planters  Shareholder Rights.   "SEC" shall mean the
United States Securities and  Exchange Commission.   "SEC DOCUMENTS" shall
mean all forms, proxy  statements, registration statements, offering
circulars, information  statements, reports, schedules, and other documents
filed, or required  to be filed, by a Party or any of its Subsidiaries with
the SEC.   "SECURITIES LAWS" shall mean the 1933 Act, the 1934  Act, the
Company Act, the Investment Advisers Act, the Trust Indenture  Act of 1939,
each as amended, state securities and "Blue Sky" Laws,  including in each
case the rules and regulations of any Governmental  Authority promulgated
thereunder.   "SUBSIDIARY" or "SUBSIDIARIES" shall have the meaning 
assigned in Rule 1-02(x) of Regulation S-X of the SEC; provided that  there
shall not be included any such entity acquired through  foreclosure or any
such entity the equity securities of which are owned  or controlled in a
fiduciary capacity.   "TAX" or "TAXES" shall mean all federal, state, 
local, and foreign taxes, levies, imposts, duties, or other like 
assessments, including income, gross receipts, excise, employment,  sales,
use, transfer, license, payroll, franchise, severance, stamp,  occupation,
windfall profits, environmental, federal highway use,  commercial rent,
customs duties, capital stock, paid-up capital,  profits, withholding, Social
Security, single business and  unemployment, disability, real property,
personal property,  registration, ad valorem, value added, alternative or
add-on minimum,  estimated, or other tax of any kind whatsoever, including
any related  interest and penalties, or additions thereto.   "TAX RETURN"
shall mean any report, return,  information return, or other information
required to be supplied to a  Taxing authority in connection with Taxes,
including any return of an  Affiliated or combined or unitary group that
includes a Party or its  Subsidiaries.   "TAXABLE PERIOD" shall mean any
period prescribed by  any governmental authority, including the United States
or any state,  local, or foreign government or subdivision or agency thereof
for which  a Tax Return is required to be filed or Tax is required to be
paid.   "TBCA" shall mean the Tennessee Business Corporation  Act, as
amended.   "TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS" shall mean the electronic data  processing,
information, record keeping, communications,  telecommunications, hardware,
third party software, networks,  peripherals, portfolio trading and computer
systems, including any   - 47 -    outsourced systems and processes, and
Intellectual Property which are  used by Person and its Subsidiaries.  
"TENNESSEE CODE" shall mean the Tennessee Code, as  amended.   "TERMINATION
FEE" shall mean $225,000,000 for any  payments by Union Planters, and
$320,000,000 for any payments by  Regions.   "TRADE SECRETS" means all
trade secrets and  confidential information and know-how, including without
limitation  processes, schematics, business methods, formulae, drawings, 
prototypes, models, designs, customer lists and supplier lists.   "UNION
PLANTERS AMENDED AND RESTATED CHARTER" shall  mean the amended and restated
charter of Union Planters in effect as of  the date of this Agreement and as
amended from time to time thereafter.   "UNION PLANTERS CAPITAL STOCK" shall
mean the Union  Planters Common Stock and the Union Planters Preferred
Stock.   "UNION PLANTERS COMMON STOCK" shall mean the $5.00  par value per
share common stock of Union Planters, together with the  Union Planters
Shareholder Rights attached thereto pursuant to the  Union Planters Rights
Plan.   "UNION PLANTERS PREFERRED STOCK" shall mean the  preferred stock,
no par value, of Union Planters, including without  limitation the Union
Planters Series E Preferred Stock and the Union  Planters Series F Preferred
Stock.   "UNION PLANTERS RIGHTS PLAN" shall mean that certain  Rights
Agreement dated as of January 19, 1999, by and between Union  Planters and
Union Planters Bank, National Association, as Rights  Agent, as amended by
the Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of  December 3, 2001, by and
between Union Planters and American Stock  Transfer and Trust Company as Rights
Agent.   "UNION PLANTERS SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK" shall mean  the Series E
Preferred Stock, no par value, of Union Planters.   "UNION PLANTERS SERIES F
PREFERRED STOCK" shall mean  the Series F Preferred Stock, no par value, of
Union Planters.   "UNION PLANTERS SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS" shall mean the 
preferred stock purchase rights issued pursuant to the Union Planters  Rights
Plan.   (b) The terms set forth below shall have the meanings ascribed
thereto in the referenced sections:    ~~
 Agreement............................................... Preamble Available
Regions Stock Plan Shares..................... Section 1.6(d) Available Union
Planters Stock Plan Shares.............. Section 2.6(d)    - 48 -    
~~  CERCLA.................................................. Section
4.3(h) Closing................................................. Section
2.2 Closing Date............................................ Section
2.2 Continuing Employees.................................... Section
5.17(b) Covered Parties......................................... Section
5.18(b) Delaware Secretary...................................... Section
1.2 Disclosure Letter....................................... Section
4.1 Effective Time.......................................... Section
2.3 ERISA Affiliate......................................... Section
4.3(k)(v) Exchange Fund........................................... Section
3.1(a) FDIC.................................................... Section
4.3(i)(iii) First Effective Time.................................... Section
1.2 First Step Merger....................................... Section
1.1 First Succession Date................................... Section
5.19(a) Former Regions Directors................................ Section
5.19(b) Former Union Planters Directors......................... Section
5.19(b) Holder.................................................. Section
3.1(b) Indemnified Parties..................................... Section
5.18(a) Material Adverse Effect................................. Section
4.2(b) Maximum Amount.......................................... Section
5.18(c) Merger.................................................. Section
2.1 New Certificates........................................ Section
3.1(a) Newco...................................................
Recitals Newco Stock Option...................................... Section
1.6(a) Newco Stock-Based Award................................. Section
1.6(b) Newco Stockholder Approval.............................. Section
4.3(b)(i)(C) Old Certificates........................................ Section
2.4(b) Old Regions Certificates................................ Section
1.3(b) Old Union Planters Certificates......................... Section
2.4(b) PBGC.................................................... Section
4.3(b)(iv) PCBs.................................................... Section
4.3(h) Regions.................................................
Preamble Regions DRIP............................................ Section
1.6(f) Regions Insiders........................................ Section
5.15 Regions Stock Option.................................... Section
1.6(a) Regions Stock-Based Award............................... Section
1.6(b) Regions Stockholder Approval............................ Section
4.3(b)(i)(B) Regulatory Consents..................................... Section
5.9(b) Required Consents....................................... Section
6.1(b) Second Step Merger...................................... Section
2.1 Second Succession Date.................................. Section
5.19(a) SEC Reports............................................. Section
4.3(d)(i) Takeover Laws........................................... Section
4.3(p) Tennessee Secretary..................................... Section
2.3 Termination Date........................................ Section
7.1(d) Union Planters..........................................
Preamble    - 49 -     ~~  Union Planters
DRIP..................................... Section 2.6(f) Union Planters
Insiders................................. Section 5.15 Union Planters
Shareholder Approval..................... Section 4.3(b)(i)(A) Union Planters
Stock Option............................. Section 2.6(a) Union Planters Stock
Plan............................... Section 2.6(a) Union Planters Stock-Based
Award........................ Section 2.6(b)    (c) Any singular term in
this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the
singular. Whenever the words "include," "includes," or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed followed by the words "without
limitation." The words "hereby," "herein," "hereof" or "hereunder," and
similar terms are to be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not
to any specific section.   8.2 NON-SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND
COVENANTS. Except for Article 1, Article 2 and Article 3, Sections 5.5(d),
5.11(b) and 5.19, and this Article 8, the respective representations,
warranties, obligations, covenants, and agreements of the Parties and Newco
shall be deemed only to be conditions of the Merger and shall not survive the
Effective Time.   8.3 EXPENSES.   (a) Except as otherwise provided in this
Section 8.3 or in Section 8.4, each of the Parties and Newco shall bear and
pay all costs and expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereunder, including filing, registration, and
application fees, printing fees, and fees and expenses of its own financial
or other consultants, investment bankers, accountants, and counsel, except
that the Parties shall each bear and pay one-half of the filing fees payable
in connection with the Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and one half of the printing costs incurred in
connection with the printing of the Registration Statement and the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   (b) Nothing contained in this Section 8.3
shall constitute or shall be deemed to constitute liquidated damages for the
willful breach by a Party or Newco of the terms of this Agreement or
otherwise limit the rights of the non-breaching Party or Newco.   8.4
TERMINATION FEE.   (a) In the event that (i) Regions or Union
Planters, respectively, shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to Sections
7.1(d) or 7.1(e)(i) or (ii), (ii) the Union Planters Shareholder Approval
shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required
vote at the Union Planters shareholders\' meeting where this Agreement was
presented to such shareholders for approval and voted upon or the Regions
Stockholder Approval has not been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain
the required vote at the Regions stockholders\' meeting where this Agreement
was presented to such stockholders for approval and voted upon, (iii) at any
time after the date of this Agreement and prior to such vote there shall have
been publicly announced an Acquisition Proposal with respect to Union
Planters or Regions, respectively, that has not been formally and absolutely
withdrawn or abandoned prior to such termination, and (iv) within 12 months
following such termination an Acquisition Proposal with respect to Union  
- 50 -   Planters or Regions, respectively, is consummated or a definitive
agreement or letter of intent is entered into by Union Planters or Regions,
respectively, with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, Union Planters or
Regions, respectively, shall pay Regions or Union Planters, respectively, the
terminating Party the Termination Fee within five business days after the
date of the event described in clause (iv), by wire transfer of immediately
available funds.   (b) In the event that (i) either Party shall
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.1(d) or 7.1(f), (ii) at any
time after the date of this Agreement and prior to such termination there
shall have been publicly announced an Acquisition Proposal with respect to
the other Party that has not been formally and absolutely withdrawn or
abandoned prior to such termination, (iii) following the announcement of such
Acquisition Proposal, the other Party shall have either (x) engaged in a bad
faith breach of its obligations under Section 5.22 of this Agreement or (y)
intentionally breached (and not cured after notice thereof) any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this
Agreement, which breach (in the case of this clause (y)) shall have
materially contributed to the failure of the Effective Time to occur on or
before the Termination Date, and (iv) within 12 months following such
termination an Acquisition Proposal with respect to such Party is consummated
or a definitive agreement or letter of intent is entered into by such Party
with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, such Party shall pay the terminating
Party the Termination Fee within five business days after the date of the
event described in clause (iv), by wire transfer of immediately available
funds.   (c) In the event that either Party shall terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Sections 7.1(e)(iii), then, in each case, the other Party shall
pay to the terminating Party the Termination Fee on the date this Agreement
is terminated, by wire transfer of immediately available funds.   (d) The
Parties hereby acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 8.4
are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
that, without these agreements, neither Party would enter into this
Agreement. In the event that either Party fails to pay when due any amount
payable under this Section 8.4, then (i) the defaulting Party shall reimburse
the other Party for all costs and expenses (including disbursements and
reasonable fees of counsel) incurred in connection with the collection of
such overdue amount, and (ii) the defaulting Party shall pay to the other
Party interest on such overdue amount (for the period commencing as of the
date such overdue amount was originally required to be paid and ending on the
date such overdue amount is actually paid in full) at a rate per annum
equal to three percent (3%) over the "prime rate" (as announced by Citibank,
N.A.) in effect on the date such overdue amount was originally required to be
paid.   (e) A Party shall only be obligated to pay one Termination Fee.  
8.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this
Agreement (including the Disclosure Letters and Exhibits) constitutes the
entire agreement between the Parties and Newco with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereunder and supersedes all prior arrangements
or understandings with respect thereto, written or oral, other than
the Confidentiality Agreement, which shall remain in effect. Nothing in
this Agreement expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person,
other than the Parties or Newco or   - 51 -   their respective
successors, any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by
reason of this Agreement except as provided in Sections 5.18 and 5.19.  
8.6 AMENDMENTS. Before the Effective Time, this Agreement may be amended by a
subsequent writing signed by each of the Parties and Newco, whether before or
after the Union Planters Shareholder Approval or Regions Stockholder Approval
has been obtained, except to the extent that any such amendment would violate
applicable Law or would require the approval of the shareholders of Union
Planters or stockholders of Regions, unless such required approval
is obtained.   8.7 WAIVERS.   (a) Prior to or at the Effective Time,
either Party or Newco shall have the right to waive any Default in the
performance of any term of this Agreement by the other Party or Newco, to
waive or extend the time for the compliance or fulfillment by the other Party
or Newco of any and all of such other Party\'s or Newco\'s obligations under
this Agreement, and to waive any or all of the conditions precedent to its
obligations under this Agreement, except any condition which, if not
satisfied, would result in the violation of any Law. No waiver by a Party or
Newco shall be effective unless in writing signed by a duly authorized
officer of such Party or Newco.   (b) The failure of any Party or Newco at
any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no
manner affect the right of such Party or Newco at a later time to enforce the
same or any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any condition or
of the breach of any term contained in this Agreement in one or more
instances shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing
waiver of such condition or breach or a waiver of any other condition or of
the breach of any other term of this Agreement.   8.8 ASSIGNMENT. Except as
expressly contemplated hereby, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests, or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any Party or Newco
(whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent
of each other party. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will
be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the parties
and their respective successors and assigns.   8.9 NOTICES. All notices or
other communications which are required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and sufficient if delivered by hand, by facsimile transmission, by
registered or certified mail, postage pre-paid, or by courier or overnight
carrier, to the Persons at the addresses set forth below (or at such other
address as may be provided hereunder), and shall be deemed to have been
delivered as of the date so delivered:   Union Planters: Union Planters
Corporation  6200 Poplar Avenue  Memphis, TN 38119  Telecopy Number: (901)
580-4406  Attention: Jackson W. Moore  Chief Executive Officer   - 52
-    Copy to Counsel: 6200 Poplar Avenue  Memphis, TN 38119  Telecopy
Number: (901) 580-5770  Attention: E. James House, Jr., Esq.  General
Counsel   Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz  51 West 52nd Street  New York,
NY 10019  Telecopy Number: (212) 403-2000  Attention: Edward D. Herlihy,
Esq.   Regions: Regions Financial Corporation  417 North 20th Street 
Birmingham, AL 35202  Telecopy Number: (205) 326-7818  Attention: Carl E.
Jones, Jr.  Chief Executive Officer   Copy to Counsel: 417 North 20th
Street  Birmingham, AL 35202  Telecopy Number: (205) 326-7751  Attention:
R. Alan Deer, Esq.  General Counsel   Sullivan and Cromwell LLP  125 Broad
Street  New York, NY 10004-2498  Telecopy Number: (212) 558-3588 
Attention: H. Rodgin Cohen, Esq.  Mark J. Menting, Esq.   8.10 GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
Laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any applicable principles of
conflicts of Laws, except to the extent that the Laws of the State of
Tennessee relate to the consummation of the Merger.   8.11 COUNTERPARTS.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument, and which counterparts may be delivered by
facsimile.   8.12 CAPTIONS. The captions contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and are not part of this Agreement.   - 53
-    8.13 INTERPRETATIONS. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty
or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against any Party or
Newco, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. No party to this
Agreement shall be considered the draftsman. The Parties and Newco
acknowledge and agree that this Agreement has been reviewed, negotiated, and
accepted by all Parties and their attorneys and shall be construed and
interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as fairly
to accomplish the purposes and intentions of the Parties and Newco. Nothing
contained herein shall require any Party or person to take any action of any
type in violation of applicable law.   8.14 SEVERABILITY. If any term or
provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
hereof, or the application of such provision to Persons or circumstances
other than those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall
remain in full force and effect and in no way be affected, impaired or
invalidated thereby, so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially
adverse to any Party or Newco. Upon such determination, the Parties and Newco
shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to agree upon a suitable and
equitable substitute provision to effect the original intent of the Parties
and Newco. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to
be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as
is enforceable.   8.15 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each Party and Newco
acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this
Agreement is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues, and
therefore each Party and Newco hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives
any right such Party and Newco may have to a trial by jury in respect of any
Litigation, directly or indirectly, arising out of, or relating to, this
Agreement, or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each Party and
Newco certifies and acknowledges that (a) no representative, agent or
attorney of the other Party or Newco has represented, expressly or otherwise,
that such other Party or Newco would not, in the event of Litigation, seek to
enforce the foregoing waiver, (b) each Party and Newco understands and has
considered the implications of this waiver, (c) each Party and Newco makes
this waiver voluntarily, and (d) each Party and Newco has been induced to
enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and
certifications in this Section 8.15.   - 54 -    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each
of the Parties has caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered on
its behalf by its duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above
written.   REGIONS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   By:/s/ CARL E. JONES, JR. 
---------------------------  Name: Carl E. Jones, Jr.  Title: Chief
Executive Officer   UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION   By:/s/ JACKSON W. MOORE 
---------------------------  Name: Jackson W. Moore  Title: Chief Executive
Officer   EXHIBIT 1    AMENDMENT TO RIGHTS AGREEMENT    This Amendment
to Rights Agreement (this "Amendment"), dated as of January [__], 2004, by
and between UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION, a Tennessee corporation (the
"Company"), and AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER and TRUST COMPANY, a New York
corporation (the "Rights Agent"), further amends that certain
Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement"), dated as of January 22, 1999, by
and between the Company and Union Planters Bank, National Association, as
amended by the Company and the Rights Agent as of December 3, 2001. Unless
otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have
the meanings ascribed to them in the Rights Agreement.   WHEREAS, the
Company\'s Board of Directors has approved, and the Company intends to
execute, an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, supplemented, modified
or replaced from time to time, the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of January
[__], 2004, by and between the Company and Regions Financial Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("Regions"), pursuant to which the Company and Regions
will be merged with and into a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
and Regions organized under Delaware law ("Newco") with Newco as
the surviving corporation (the "Merger");   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of the Company has determined that the Merger Agreement and the terms and
conditions set forth therein and the transactions contemplated thereby,
including, without limitation, the Merger, are in the best interests of the
Company and its shareholders;   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the
Company has determined, in connection with its contemplation of the Merger
Agreement, that an amendment to the Rights Agreement as set forth herein is
necessary and desirable to exempt the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including, without limitation, the Merger, from the
application of the Rights Agreement as set forth in this Amendment;  
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 26 of the Rights Agreement, the Company may, and
the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend any
provisions of the Rights Agreement, subject to the limitations set forth in
such Section 26; and   WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 26 of the Rights
Agreement, the Company hereby directs that the Rights Agreement should be
amended as set forth herein;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
promises and mutual agreements set forth herein, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and the Rights
Agent hereby agree as follows:   A. Amendment of Section 1. Section 1 of the
Rights Agreement is supplemented to add the following definitions in the
appropriate alphabetical locations:   "Regions" means Regions Financial
Corporation, a Delaware corporation.      "Merger" shall mean the
"Merger" as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement.   "Merger
Agreement" shall mean the Agreement and Plan of  Merger, dated as of January
[__], 2004, by and between the Company and  Regions, as it may be amended,
supplemented, modified or replaced from  time to time.   "Newco" shall mean
a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the  Company and Regions organized under
Delaware law, into which the  Company will merge in the Merger.   B.
Amendment of the Definition of "Acquiring Person". The definition of
"Acquiring Person" in Section 1 of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended by
adding the following sentence at the end thereof:   "Notwithstanding
anything in this Rights Agreement to the  contrary, neither Regions, Newco
nor any of their Affiliates  or Associates shall be deemed to be an Acquiring
Person as a  result, directly or indirectly, of (i) the approval, 
execution, delivery or performance of the Merger Agreement,  (ii) the
consummation of the Merger or (iii) the consummation  of any other
transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement,  including, without
limitation, the exchange of common stock of  the Company for common stock of
Newco pursuant to the Merger  Agreement."   C. Amendments to Section 3.  
Section 3(b) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and supplemented by
adding the following sentence at the end thereof:   "Notwithstanding
anything in this Rights Agreement to the  contrary, a Distribution Date shall
not be deemed to have  occurred as the result, directly or indirectly, of (i)
the  approval, execution, delivery or performance of the Merger  Agreement,
(ii) the consummation of the Merger, (iii) the  consummation of any other
transaction contemplated by the  Merger Agreement, including, without
limitation, the exchange  of common stock of the Company for common stock of
Newco  pursuant to the Merger Agreement, or (iv) the public  announcement of
any of the foregoing."   Section 3 of the Rights Agreement is amended to add
the following sentence at the end thereof as a new Section 3(e):   " (e)
Nothing in this Rights Agreement shall be  construed to give any holder of
Rights or any other Person any  legal or equitable rights, remedies or claims
under this  Rights Agreement, including but not limited to under Section  11
hereof, by virtue of (i) the approval, execution, delivery  or performance
of    -2-    the Merger Agreement, (ii) the consummation of the
Merger,  (iii) the consummation of any other transaction contemplated  by
the Merger Agreement, including, without limitation, the  exchange of common
stock of the Company for common stock of  Newco pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, or (iv) the public  announcement of any of the foregoing."   D.
Effective Date of Amendment. This Amendment shall be deemed effective as of
the date first written above, as if executed on such date.   E. Effect of
Amendment. Except as expressly set forth herein, the Rights Agreement shall
not by implication or otherwise be supplemented or amended by virtue of this
Amendment, but shall remain in full force and effect, as amended hereby. This
Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and as a part of the Rights
Agreement, and all terms, conditions, representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements set forth in the Rights Agreement and each other instrument or
agreement referred to therein, except as herein amended, are hereby ratified
and confirmed.   F. Waiver of Notice. The Rights Agent and the
Company hereby waive any notice requirement with respect to each other under
the Rights Agreement, if any, pertaining to the matters covered by this
Amendment.   G. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant
or restriction of this Amendment is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of
the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Amendment shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or
invalidated.   H. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be deemed to be
a contract made under the law of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and for all
purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of
such Commonwealth applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely
within such Commonwealth.   I. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed
in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all
purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall
together constitute but one and the same instrument.   J. Descriptive
Headings. Descriptive headings of the several Sections of this Amendment are
inserted for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or
construction of any of the provisions of this Amendment.    -3-     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly
executed as of the date first written above.    UNION PLANTERS
CORPORATION   By:  ----------------------------------  Name: 
Title:    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER and TRUST COMPANY   By: 
----------------------------------  Name:  Title:     -4-   EXHIBIT
2-A      FORM OF AFFILIATE
LETTER  Newco  ------------------   ------------------  Ladies and
Gentlemen:   I have been advised that as of the date hereof I may be deemed
to be an "affiliate" of Union Planters Corporation, a Tennessee corporation
("Union Planters"), as the term "affiliate" is defined for purposes of
paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 ("Rule 145") of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(including the rules and regulations thereunder, the "Act"). I have been
further advised that pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of January 22, 2004 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and between
Union Planters and Regions Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Regions"), Union Planters and Regions shall be merged with and into a
direct wholly owned subsidiary of Union Planters and Regions organized under
Delaware law ("Newco") with Newco as the surviving corporation (the
"Merger"), and each share of common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of
Union Planters ("Union Planters Common Stock") shall be converted into the
right to receive 1 shares of common stock, par value $[__] per share,
of Newco ("Newco Common Stock"). I further understand that I may receive
Newco Common Stock as a result of the exercise of Union Planters Stock
Options or other similar Rights. All capitalized terms used in this letter
but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger
Agreement.   I hereby represent, warrant and covenant to Newco that, in the
event I receive any Newco Common Stock as a result of the Merger:   1. The
Newco Common Stock to be received by me as a result of the Merger or any
securities which may be paid as a dividend or otherwise distributed thereon
or with respect thereto or issued or delivered in exchange or substitution
therefor, or any Union Planters Stock Option, Right or other interest (all
such shares and securities being referred to herein as
"Restricted Securities") will be taken for my own account, and not for
others, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and I will not make any
sale, transfer or other disposition of Restricted Securities in violation of
the Act.   2. I have carefully read this letter and discussed
its requirements and other applicable limitations upon my ability to sell,
transfer or otherwise dispose of Restricted Securities to the extent I
believed necessary with my counsel or counsel for Union Planters.   3. I
have been advised that the issuance of Newco Common Stock to me pursuant to
the Merger will be registered with the SEC under the Act. However, I have
also been advised that, since at the time the Merger will be submitted for a
vote of the shareholders of Union Planters I may be deemed to have been an
affiliate of Union Planters and the distribution by me of Restricted
Securities has not been registered under the Act, I may not sell, transfer or
otherwise dispose of Restricted Securities issued to me as a result of the
Merger unless (i) such sale, transfer or other disposition has
been registered under the Act, (ii) such sale, transfer or  other
disposition is made in conformity with the volume and other limitations of
Rule 145, or (iii) in the opinion of counsel in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to Newco, such sale, transfer or other disposition is
otherwise exempt from registration under the Act.   4. I understand that
Newco is under no obligation to register the sale, transfer or other
disposition of Restricted Securities by me or on my behalf under the Act or
to take any other action necessary in order to make compliance with an
exemption from such registration available.   5. I also understand that stop
transfer instructions will be given to Newco\'s transfer agent with respect
to Restricted Securities and that there will be placed on the certificates
for Restricted Securities issued to me, or securities issued in substitution
therefor, a legend stating in substance:   "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE (A) WERE ISSUED IN  A TRANSACTION TO WHICH RULE 145 UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF  1933, AS AMENDED, APPLIES AND (B) MAY NOT BE SOLD,
TRANSFERRED  OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT OR UNLESS (1) COVERED BY AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT, (2) IN  CONFORMITY WITH THE
VOLUME AND OTHER LIMITATIONS OF RULE 145  UNDER SUCH ACT, OR (3) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH A LEGAL OPINION IN  FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE
TO NEWCO THAT SUCH  SALE OR TRANSFER IS OTHERWISE EXEMPT FROM THE
REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT."   6. I understand and agree that,
unless the transfer by me of my Restricted Securities has been registered
under the Act or is a sale made in conformity with the provisions of Rule
145, Newco reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to put the following
legend on the certificates issued to my transferee:   "THE SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND WERE ACQUIRED  FROM A PERSON WHO RECEIVED SUCH
SHARES IN A TRANSACTION TO  WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933  APPLIES. THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE HOLDER NOT WITH 
A VIEW TO, OR FOR RESALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION  THEREOF WITHIN
THE MEANING OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND  MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD,
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED  EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION FROM
THE REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933."   7. I
understand and agree that the legends set forth in paragraphs (5) and (6)
above shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificates without such
legend, and/or the issuance of a letter to Newco\'s transfer agent removing
such stop transfer instructions, and the above restrictions on sale will
cease to apply, if (A) one year (or such other period as may be required by
Rule 145(d)(2) under the Act or any successor thereto) shall have elapsed
from the Closing Date and the provisions of such Rule are then available to
me; (B) if two years (or such other    -2-   period as may be required
by Rule 145(d)(3) under the Act or any successor thereto) shall have elapsed
from the Effective Date and the provisions of such Rule are then available to
me; or (C) I have delivered to Newco (i) a copy of a letter from the staff of
the SEC, an opinion of counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Newco, or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Newco to the effect
that such legend and/or stop transfer instructions are not required for
purposes of the Act or (ii) evidence or representations
reasonably satisfactory to Newco that the securities represented by such
certificates are being or have been transferred in a transaction made in
conformity with the provisions of Rule 145 or pursuant to an effective
registration under the Act.   8. By executing this letter, without limiting
or abrogating the agreements that I have made as set forth above, I am not
admitting that I am an "affiliate" of Union Planters as described in the
first paragraph of this letter or waiving any rights I may have to object to
any claim that I am such an "affiliate" on or after the date of this
letter.   9. I understand and agree that the foregoing provisions
also apply to (i) my spouse, (ii) any relative of mine or my spouse occupying
my home, (iii) any trust or estate in which I, my spouse or any such relative
owns at least 10% beneficial interest or of which any of us serves as
trustee, executor or in any similar capacity, and (iv) any corporate or
other organization in which I, my spouse or any such relative owns at least
10% of any class of equity securities or of the equity interest.   10. I
understand and agree that this Letter Agreement will terminate and be of no
further force and effect if the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance
with its terms.   11. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of
the State of Delaware.    -3-       Very truly yours,    
--------------------------------  Name:   ACCEPTED this day of ,
2004:  NEWCO   By:  ---------------------------  Name:  Title:    
-4-   EXHIBIT 2-B    FORM OF AFFILIATE
LETTER  Newco  ------------------   ------------------   Ladies and
Gentlemen:   I have been advised that as of the date hereof I may be deemed
to be an "affiliate" of Regions Financial Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Regions"), as the term "affiliate" is defined for purposes of
paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 ("Rule 145") of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(including the rules and regulations thereunder, the "Act"). I have been
further advised that pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of January 22, 2004 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and between
Union Planters Corporation, a Tennessee corporation ("Union Planters") and
Regions, Union Planters and Regions shall be merged with and into a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of Union Planters and Regions organized under
Delaware law ("Newco") with Newco as the surviving corporation (the
"Merger"), and each share of common stock, par value $0.625 per share, of
Regions ("Regions Common Stock") shall be converted into the right to receive
1.2346 shares of common stock, par value $[__] per share, of Newco ("Newco
Common Stock"). I further understand that I may receive Newco Common Stock as
a result of the exercise of Regions Stock Options or other similar Rights.
All capitalized terms used in this letter but not defined herein shall have
the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement.   I hereby represent,
warrant and covenant to Newco that, in the event I receive any Newco Common
Stock as a result of the Merger:   1. The Newco Common Stock to be received
by me as a result of the Merger or any securities which may be paid as a
dividend or otherwise distributed thereon or with respect thereto or issued
or delivered in exchange or substitution therefor, or any Regions Stock
Option, Right or other interest (all such shares and securities being
referred to herein as "Restricted Securities") will be taken for my own
account, and not for others, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and
I will not make any sale, transfer or other disposition of Restricted
Securities in violation of the Act.   2. I have carefully read this letter
and discussed its requirements and other applicable limitations upon my
ability to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of Restricted Securities to
the extent I believed necessary with my counsel or counsel for Regions.  
3. I have been advised that the issuance of Newco Common Stock to me pursuant
to the Merger will be registered with the SEC under the Act. However, I have
also been advised that, since at the time the Merger will be submitted for a
vote of the shareholders of Regions I may be deemed to have been an affiliate
of Regions and the distribution by me of Restricted Securities has not been
registered under the Act, I may not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of
Restricted Securities issued to me as a result of the Merger unless (i)
such sale, transfer or other disposition has been registered under the Act,
(ii) such sale, transfer or other disposition is made    in conformity
with the volume and other limitations of Rule 145, or (iii) in the opinion of
counsel in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Newco, such sale,
transfer or other disposition is otherwise exempt from registration under the
Act.   4. I understand that Newco is under no obligation to register
the sale, transfer or other disposition of Restricted Securities by me or on
my behalf under the Act or to take any other action necessary in order to
make compliance with an exemption from such registration available.   5. I
also understand that stop transfer instructions will be given to Newco\'s
transfer agent with respect to Restricted Securities and that there will be
placed on the certificates for Restricted Securities issued to me, or
securities issued in substitution therefor, a legend stating in substance:  
"THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (A) WERE ISSUED IN  A TRANSACTION
TO WHICH RULE 145 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933, AS AMENDED, APPLIES AND
(B) MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED  OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT OR UNLESS
(1) COVERED BY AN  EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT, (2) IN 
CONFORMITY WITH THE VOLUME AND OTHER LIMITATIONS OF RULE 145  UNDER SUCH ACT,
OR (3) IN ACCORDANCE WITH A LEGAL OPINION IN  FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO NEWCO THAT SUCH  SALE OR TRANSFER IS OTHERWISE EXEMPT FROM THE
REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT."   6. I understand and agree that,
unless the transfer by me of my Restricted Securities has been registered
under the Act or is a sale made in conformity with the provisions of Rule
145, Newco reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to put the following
legend on the certificates issued to my transferee:   "THE SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND WERE ACQUIRED  FROM A PERSON WHO RECEIVED SUCH
SHARES IN A TRANSACTION TO  WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933  APPLIES. THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE HOLDER NOT WITH 
A VIEW TO, OR FOR RESALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION  THEREOF WITHIN
THE MEANING OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND  MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD,
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED  EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION FROM
THE REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933."   7. I
understand and agree that the legends set forth in paragraphs (5) and (6)
above shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificates without such
legend, and/or the issuance of a letter to Newco\'s transfer agent removing
such stop transfer instructions, and the above restrictions on sale will
cease to apply, if (A) one year (or such other period as may be required by
Rule 145(d)(2) under the Act or any successor thereto) shall have elapsed
from the Closing Date and the provisions of such Rule are then available to
me; (B) if two years (or such other    -2-    period as may be required
by Rule 145(d)(3) under the Act or any successor thereto) shall have elapsed
from the Effective Date and the provisions of such Rule are then available to
me; or (C) I have delivered to Newco (i) a copy of a letter from the staff of
the SEC, an opinion of counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Newco, or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Newco to the effect
that such legend and/or stop transfer instructions are not required for
purposes of the Act or (ii) evidence or representations
reasonably satisfactory to Newco that the securities represented by such
certificates are being or have been transferred in a transaction made in
conformity with the provisions of Rule 145 or pursuant to an effective
registration under the Act.   8. By executing this letter, without limiting
or abrogating the agreements that I have made as set forth above, I am not
admitting that I am an "affiliate" of Regions as described in the first
paragraph of this letter or waiving any rights I may have to object to any
claim that I am such an "affiliate" on or after the date of this letter.  
9. I understand and agree that the foregoing provisions also apply to (i) my
spouse, (ii) any relative of mine or my spouse occupying my home, (iii) any
trust or estate in which I, my spouse or any such relative owns at least 10%
beneficial interest or of which any of us serves as trustee, executor or in
any similar capacity, and (iv) any corporate or other organization in which
I, my spouse or any such relative owns at least 10% of any class of equity
securities or of the equity interest.   10. I understand and agree that this
Letter Agreement will terminate and be of no further force and effect if the
Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.   11. This
Letter Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of the State of
Delaware.    -3-       Very truly yours,    
----------------------------------  Name:   ACCEPTED this day of
2004:  NEWCO   By:  ------------------------------  Name: 
Title:    -4-    '

