 AGREEMENT AND PLAN MERGER    1  
EXHIBIT 99.2   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND BETWEEN   MORGAN
KEEGAN, INC.   AND   REGIONS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   DATED AS OF
DECEMBER 17, 2000  2   TABLE OF CONTENTS     PAGE  ----  ~~
 Parties.............................................................. Preamble............................................................. ARTICLE
1 -- TRANSACTIONS AND TERMS OF MERGER  1.1
Merger......................................................  1.2 Time and
Place of Closing...................................  1.3 Effective
Time..............................................  1.4 Execution of Support
Agreements.............................  1.5 Execution of the Termination Fee
Agreement.................. ARTICLE 2 -- TERMS OF MERGER  2.1 Certificate of
Incorporation................................  2.2
Bylaws......................................................  2.3 Directors
and Officers...................................... ARTICLE 3 -- MANNER OF
CONVERTING SHARES  3.1 Conversion of
Shares........................................  3.2 Anti-Dilution
Provisions....................................  3.3 Shares Held by Morgan or
Regions............................  3.4 Fractional
Shares...........................................  3.5 Conversion of Stock
Rights.................................. ARTICLE 4 -- EXCHANGE OF SHARES 
4.1 Exchange Procedures.........................................  4.2 Rights
of Former Morgan Stockholders........................ ARTICLE 5 --
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MORGAN  5.1 Organization, Standing, and
Power...........................  5.2 Authority; No Breach of
Agreement...........................  5.3 Capital
Stock...............................................  5.4 Morgan
Subsidiaries.........................................  5.5 SEC Filings;
Financial Statements...........................  5.6 Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities..........................  5.7 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events........................  5.8 Tax
Matters.................................................  5.9
Assets......................................................  5.10
Environmental Matters.......................................  5.11
Permits.....................................................  5.12 Compliance
with Laws........................................  5.13 Labor
Relations.............................................  5.14 Employee Benefit
Plans......................................  5.15 Material
Contracts..........................................  5.16 Legal
Proceedings...........................................  5.17
Reports.....................................................  5.18 Statements
True and Correct.................................  5.19 Tax and Regulatory
Matters..................................  5.20 Intellectual
Property.......................................  5.21 State Takeover
Laws.........................................  5.22 Charter
Provisions..........................................  5.23
Derivatives.................................................  5.24 Fairness
Opinion............................................  5.25 Contracts with
Clients......................................  5.26 Investment Advisory
Activities..............................    i  3     PAGE  ----  ~~
 ARTICLE 6 -- REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF REGIONS  6.1 Organization,
Standing, and Power...........................  6.2 Authority; No Breach of
Agreement...........................  6.3 Capital
Stock...............................................  6.4 Regions
Subsidiaries........................................  6.5 SEC Filings;
Financial Statements...........................  6.6 Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities..........................  6.7 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events........................  6.8 Compliance with
Laws........................................  6.9 Tax
Matters.................................................  6.10 Legal
Proceedings...........................................  6.11
Reports.....................................................  6.12 Statements
True and Correct.................................  6.13 Tax and Regulatory
Matters..................................  6.14
Derivatives.................................................  6.15
Funds.......................................................  6.16 Ownership
of Morgan Capital Stock........................... ARTICLE 7 -- CONDUCT OF
BUSINESS PENDING CONSUMMATION  7.1 Affirmative Covenants of Both
Parties.......................  7.2 Negative Covenants of
Morgan................................  7.3 Adverse Changes in
Condition................................  7.4
Reports..................................................... ARTICLE 8 --
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  Registration Statement; Proxy Statement; Stockholder 
8.1 Approval....................................................  8.2
Applications................................................  8.3 Filings
with State Offices..................................  8.4 Agreement as to
Efforts to Consummate.......................  8.5 Investigation and
Confidentiality...........................  8.6 Press
Releases..............................................  8.7 No
Solicitation.............................................  8.8 Tax
Treatment...............................................  8.9 Agreement of
Affiliates.....................................  8.10 Employee Benefits and
Contracts.............................  8.11
Indemnification.............................................  8.12 Exemption
for Liability Under Section 16(b).................  8.13 Investment
Companies........................................  8.14 Management Contract
Consents................................  8.15 Retention
Program........................................... ARTICLE 9 -- CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS TO CONSUMMATE  9.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each
Party.....................  9.2 Conditions to Obligations of
Regions........................  9.3 Conditions to Obligations of
Morgan......................... ARTICLE 10 -- TERMINATION 10.1
Termination................................................. 10.2 Effect of
Termination....................................... 10.3 Non-Survival of
Representations and Covenants............... ARTICLE 11 --
MISCELLANEOUS 11.1
Definitions................................................. 11.2
Expenses.................................................... 11.3 Brokers and
Finders.........................................    ii  4     PAGE 
----  ~~  11.4 Entire
Agreement............................................ 11.5
Amendments.................................................. 11.6
Waivers..................................................... 11.7
Assignment.................................................. 11.8
Notices..................................................... 11.9 Governing
Law............................................... 11.10
Counterparts................................................ 11.11
Captions.................................................... 11.12
Interpretations............................................. 11.13
Enforcement of Agreement.................................... 11.14
Severability................................................ Signatures...........................................................   
iii  5   LIST OF EXHIBITS    EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION --------------
-----------  ~~  1. Form of Support Agreement. (sec. 1.4).  2. Form of
Termination Fee Agreement. (sec. 1.4).  3. Form of Affiliate Agreement. (sec.
8.11).     [EXHIBITS OMITTED]  6   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as
of December 17, 2000, by and between MORGAN KEEGAN, INC. ("Morgan"),
a corporation organized and existing under the Laws of the State of
Tennessee, with its principal office located in Memphis, Tennessee; and
REGIONS FINANCIAL CORPORATION ("Regions"), a corporation organized and
existing under the Laws of the State of Delaware, with its principal office
located in Birmingham, Alabama.   PREAMBLE   The Boards of Directors of
Morgan and Regions are of the opinion that the transactions described herein
are in the best interests of the parties to this Agreement and their
respective stockholders. This Agreement provides for the acquisition of
Morgan by Regions pursuant to the merger of Morgan with and into Regions. At
the effective time of the merger, the outstanding shares of the capital stock
of Morgan shall be converted into shares of the common stock of Regions
(except as provided herein). As a result, stockholders of Morgan shall become
stockholders of Regions, and each of the subsidiaries of Morgan
shall continue to conduct its business and operations as a subsidiary of
Regions. The transactions described in this Agreement are subject to the
approvals of the stockholders of Morgan, the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.,
and certain state regulatory authorities, and the satisfaction of certain
other conditions described in this Agreement. It is the intention of the
parties to this Agreement that the Merger for federal income tax purposes
shall qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code and that this Agreement shall constitute a "plan of
reorganization" for purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Internal Revenue
Code.   As a condition and inducement to Regions\' willingness to enter into
this Agreement, (i) Morgan\'s directors and certain executive officers are
executing and delivering to Regions an agreement (a "Support Agreement"), in
substantially the form of Exhibit 1, and (ii) Morgan and Regions are entering
into a termination fee agreement (the "Termination Fee Agreement"), in
substantially the form of Exhibit 2.   In addition, Regions and Morgan have
agreed, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, to establish
a retention program on substantially the terms described herein, the purpose
of which is to retain the services of certain employees of Morgan following
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   Certain terms
used in this Agreement are defined in Section 11.1 of this Agreement.  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above and the mutual
warranties, representations, covenants, and agreements set forth herein, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:  
ARTICLE 1   TRANSACTIONS AND TERMS OF MERGER   1.1 Merger. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Morgan shall
be merged with and into Regions in accordance with the provisions of Section
48-21-109 of the TBCA and Sections 252 and 258 of the DGCL and with the
effect provided in Section 48-21-108 of the TBCA and Section 259 of the DGCL,
respectively (the "Merger"). Regions shall be the Surviving Corporation
resulting from the Merger and shall continue to be governed by the Laws of
the State of Delaware. The Merger shall be consummated pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement, which has been approved and adopted by the
respective Boards of Directors of Morgan and Regions.   1.2 Time and Place
of Closing. The consummation of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place
at 9:00 A.M. on the date that the Effective Time occurs (or the immediately
preceding day if the Effective Time is earlier than 9:00 A.M.), or at such
other time as the Parties, acting through their duly authorized officers,  
1  7  may mutually agree. The place of Closing shall be at such location as
may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.   1.3 Effective Time. The
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall become
effective on the date and at the time the Tennessee Articles of Merger
reflecting the Merger shall become effective with the Secretary of State of
the State of Tennessee and the Delaware Certificate of Merger reflecting the
Merger shall become effective with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware (the "Effective Time"). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
unless otherwise mutually agreed upon by the duly authorized officers of each
Party, the Parties shall use their reasonable efforts to cause the Effective
Time to occur on such date as may be designated by Regions within 10 days
following the later to occur of (i) the effective date of the last required
Consent of any Regulatory Authority having authority over and approving or
exempting the Merger (without regard to any requisite waiting period
in respect thereof), and (ii) the date on which the stockholders of Morgan
approve the matters relating to this Agreement, such date to be designated by
Regions within two business days after the later to occur of the foregoing
events.   1.4 Execution of Support Agreements. Simultaneously with the
execution of this Agreement and as a condition hereto, the directors and
certain executive officers of Morgan are executing and delivering to Regions
a Support Agreement.   1.5 Execution of the Termination Fee Agreement.
Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement and as a condition
hereto, Morgan is executing and delivering to Regions the Termination Fee
Agreement.   ARTICLE 2   TERMS OF MERGER   2.1 Certificate of
Incorporation. The Certificate of Incorporation of Regions in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time until
otherwise amended or repealed.   2.2 Bylaws. The Bylaws of Regions in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation after the Effective Time until otherwise amended or repealed.  
2.3 Directors and Officers. The directors of Regions in office
immediately prior to the Effective Time, together with such additional
persons as may thereafter be elected, shall serve as the directors of the
Surviving Corporation from and after the Effective Time in accordance with
the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. The officers of Regions in office
immediately prior to the Effective Time, together with such additional
persons as may thereafter be elected, shall serve as the officers of the
Surviving Corporation from and after the Effective Time in accordance with
the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.   ARTICLE 3   MANNER OF
CONVERTING SHARES   3.1 Conversion of Shares. Subject to the provisions of
this Article 3, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without
any action on the part of Regions or Morgan, or the stockholders of either of
the foregoing, the shares of the constituent corporations shall be converted
as follows:   (a) Each share of Regions Common Stock issued and
outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain issued and
outstanding  from and after the Effective Time.   (b) Each share of Morgan
Common Stock, excluding shares held by any  Morgan Company or any Regions
Company, in each case other than in a  fiduciary capacity or as a result of
debts previously contracted ("Treasury  Shares"), issued and outstanding at
the Effective Time shall cease to be  outstanding and shall be converted into
a multiple (rounded to three  decimal places) of a share of   2  8  
Regions Common Stock (the "Merger Shares") equal to the quotient obtained  by
dividing (i) $27.00 by (ii) the Average Price (the "Exchange
Ratio");  provided, subject to the election rights set forth in Section
3.1(c) of this Agreement, each holder of Morgan Common Stock shall be
provided with an opportunity to elect to receive cash consideration for such
holder\'s shares of Morgan Common Stock in lieu of receiving any Merger
Shares.   (c) Holders of Morgan Common Stock shall be provided with an 
opportunity to elect to receive cash consideration in lieu of receiving 
Merger Shares in the Merger, in accordance with the election procedures set 
forth below. Holders who are to receive cash in lieu of exchanging their 
shares of Morgan Common Stock for Merger Shares as specified below shall 
receive an amount in cash (the "Per Share Cash Consideration") in respect  of
each share of Morgan Common Stock that is so converted equal to $27.00.  The
aggregate amount of cash that shall be issued in the Merger to satisfy  such
elections, together with the cash amounts to be paid pursuant to  Sections
3.4 and 3.5 of this Agreement, shall not exceed 30%, unless and to  the
extent Regions determines in its sole discretion to increase such  amount to
a number not in excess of 45%, of the sum of (i) the aggregate  consideration
paid in exchange for all shares of Morgan Common Stock in the  Merger, and
(ii) the cash amounts to be paid pursuant to Section 3.5(d) of  this
Agreement (as possibly increased, the "Aggregate Cash Amount").   An
election form and other appropriate and customary transmittal  materials
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of  loss and
title to the certificates theretofore representing Morgan Common  Stock (the
"Old Certificates") shall pass, only upon proper delivery of  such Old
Certificates to an exchange agent designated by Regions (the  "Exchange
Agent")) in such form as Regions and Morgan shall mutually agree  (the
"Election Form") shall be mailed 25 days prior to the anticipated  Effective
Time or on such other date as Morgan and Regions shall mutually  agree (the
"Mailing Date") to each holder of record of Morgan Common Stock  as of five
business days prior to the Mailing Date (the "Election Form  Record
Date").   Each Election Form shall permit a holder (or the beneficial
owner  through appropriate and customary documentation and instructions) of
Morgan  Common Stock to elect to receive cash with respect to all or a
portion of  such holder\'s Morgan Common Stock (shares as to which the
election is made  being referred to as "Cash Election Shares").   Any
shares of Morgan Common Stock with respect to which the holder (or  the
beneficial owner, as the case may be) shall not have submitted to the 
Exchange Agent an effective, properly completed Election Form on or before 
5:00 p.m. on the 20th day following the Mailing Date (or such other time  and
date as Regions and Morgan may mutually agree) (the "Election  Deadline")
shall be converted into Merger Shares as set forth in Section  3.1(b) of this
Agreement (such shares being referred to as "No Election  Shares").  
Regions shall make available one or more Election Forms as may be  reasonably
requested by all persons who become holders (or beneficial  owners) of Morgan
Common Stock between the Election Form Record Date and  the close of business
on the business day prior to the Election Deadline,  and Morgan shall provide
to the Exchange Agent all information reasonably  necessary for it to perform
as specified herein.   Any such election shall have been properly made only
if the Exchange  Agent shall have actually received a properly completed
Election Form by  the Election Deadline. An Election Form shall be deemed
properly completed  only if accompanied by one or more certificates (or
customary affidavits  and indemnification regarding the loss or destruction
of such certificates  or the guaranteed delivery of such certificates)
representing all shares of  Morgan Common Stock covered by such Election
Form, together with duly  executed transmittal materials included in the
Election Form. Any Election  Form may be revoked or changed by the person
submitting such Election Form  at or prior to the Election Deadline. In the
event an Election Form is  revoked prior to the Election Deadline, the shares
of Morgan Common Stock  represented by such Election Form shall become No
Election Shares and  Regions shall cause the certificates representing Morgan
Common Stock to be  promptly returned without charge to the person   3 
9   submitting the Election Form upon written request to that effect from
the  person who submitted the Election Form. Subject to the terms of this 
Agreement and of the Election Form, the Exchange Agent shall have  reasonable
discretion to determine whether any election, revocation or  change has been
properly or timely made and to disregard immaterial defects  in the Election
Forms, and any good faith decisions of the Exchange Agent  regarding such
matters shall be binding and conclusive. Neither Regions nor  the Exchange
Agent shall be under any obligation to notify any person of  any defect in an
Election Form.   Within five business days after the Election Deadline,
unless the  Effective Time has not yet occurred, in which case as soon
thereafter as  practicable, Regions shall cause the Exchange Agent to effect
the  allocation among the holders of Morgan Common Stock in accordance with
the  Election Forms as follows:   (i) Cash Elections Less Than or Equal To
the Aggregate Cash Amount.  If the amount of cash that would be issued upon
conversion in the Merger  of the Cash Election Shares, together with the cash
amounts to be paid  pursuant to Sections 3.4 and 3.5 of this Agreement, is
less than or  equal to the Aggregate Cash Amount, then:   (1) all Cash
Election Shares shall be converted into the right  to receive the Per Share
Cash Consideration, and   (2) the No Election Shares shall be converted into
the right to  receive the Merger Shares.   (ii) Cash Elections More Than
the Aggregate Cash Amount. If the  amount of cash that would be issued upon
the conversion in the Merger of  the Cash Election Shares, together with the
cash amounts to be paid  pursuant to Sections 3.4 and 3.5 of this Agreement,
is greater than the  Aggregate Cash Amount, then:   (1) all No Election
Shares shall be converted into the right to  receive the Merger Shares,  
(2) the Exchange Agent shall select from among the holders of  Cash Election
Shares, by random selection (as described below),  holders of a sufficient
number of shares ("Stock Designees") such  that the amount of cash that will
be issued in the Merger equals as  closely as practicable the Aggregate Cash
Amount, and all shares held  by the Stock Designees shall be converted into
the right to receive  the Merger Shares, and   (3) the Cash Election Shares
not held by Stock Designees shall  be converted into the right to receive the
Per Share Cash  Consideration.   The random selection process to be used by
the Exchange Agent shall consist of such processes as shall be mutually
determined by Regions and Morgan.   3.2 Anti-Dilution Provisions. In the
event Morgan changes the number of shares of Morgan Common Stock issued and
outstanding prior to the Effective Time as a result of a stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, or similar recapitalization with respect to such
stock, the Exchange Ratio and the Per Share Cash Consideration shall be
proportionately adjusted. In the event Regions changes the number of shares
of Regions Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time as
a result of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, or similar
recapitalization with respect to such stock and the record date therefor (in
the case of a stock dividend) or the effective date thereof (in the case of a
stock split or similar recapitalization for which a record date is not
established) shall be prior to the Effective Time, the Exchange Ratio shall
be proportionately adjusted.   3.3 Shares Held by Morgan or Regions. Each of
the shares of Morgan Common Stock held by any Morgan Company or by any
Regions Company, in each case other than in a fiduciary capacity or as a
result of debts previously contracted, shall be canceled and retired at the
Effective Time and no consideration shall be issued in exchange therefor.  
3.4 Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
each holder of shares of Morgan Common Stock exchanged pursuant to the Merger
who would otherwise have been entitled to  4  10  receive a fraction of a
share of Regions Common Stock (after taking into account all Old Certificates
delivered by such holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without
interest) in an amount equal to a fractional part of a share of Regions
Common Stock multiplied by the market value of one share of Regions Common
Stock at the Effective Time. The market value of one share of Regions Common
Stock at the Effective Time shall be the last sale price of Regions Common
Stock at the close of regular trading on the Nasdaq NMS (as reported by The
Wall Street Journal or, if not reported thereby, any other
authoritative source agreed to by Morgan and Regions) on the last trading day
preceding the Effective Time. No such holder will be entitled to dividends,
voting rights, or any other rights as a stockholder in respect of any
fractional shares.   3.5 Conversion of Stock Rights. (a) At the Effective
Time, each award, option, or other right to purchase or acquire shares of
Morgan Common Stock pursuant to stock options, stock appreciation rights, or
stock awards ("Morgan Rights"), in each case granted by Morgan under the
Morgan Stock Plans, which is outstanding at the Effective Time, whether or
not exercisable, shall, except as provided in Section 3.5(d) with respect to
the 2000 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (the "2000 Director Stock
Option Plan"), be converted into and become rights with respect to Regions
Common Stock, and Regions shall assume each Morgan Right, in accordance with
the terms of the Morgan Stock Plan and stock option agreement by which it is
evidenced, except that from and after the Effective Time, (i) Regions and its
Compensation Committee shall be substituted for Morgan and the Committee of
Morgan\'s Board of Directors (including, if applicable, the entire Board of
Directors of Morgan) administering such Morgan Stock Plan, and (ii) (A) each
Morgan Right assumed by Regions may be exercised solely for shares of Regions
Common Stock, (B) the number of shares of Regions Common Stock subject to
such Morgan Right shall be equal to the number of shares of Morgan Common
Stock subject to such Morgan Right immediately prior to the Effective Time
multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, and (C) the per share exercise price (or
similar threshold price, in the case of stock awards) under each such Morgan
Right shall be adjusted by dividing the per share exercise (or
threshold) price under each such Morgan Right by the Exchange Ratio and
rounding up to the nearest cent. Notwithstanding the provisions of clause
(ii)(B) of the preceding sentence, Regions shall not be obligated to issue
any fraction of a share of Regions Common Stock upon exercise of Morgan
Rights and any fraction of a share of Regions Common Stock that otherwise
would be subject to a converted Morgan Right shall represent the right to
receive a cash payment equal to the product of such fraction and the
difference between the market value of one share of Regions Common Stock and
the per share exercise price of such Right. The market value of one share of
Regions Common Stock shall be the last sale price of Regions Common Stock on
the Nasdaq NMS (as reported by The Wall Street Journal or, if not reported
thereby, any other authoritative source agreed to by Morgan and Regions) on
the last trading day preceding the date of exercise of the Morgan Right. In
addition, notwithstanding the provisions of clauses (ii)(A) and (ii)(C) of
the first sentence of this Section 3.5, each Morgan Right which is
an "incentive stock option" shall be adjusted as required by Section 424 of
the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder, so as
not to constitute a modification, extension, or renewal of the option, within
the meaning of Section 424(h) of the Internal Revenue Code. Regions agrees to
take all necessary steps to effectuate the foregoing provisions of this
Section 3.5.   (b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective
Time, Regions shall deliver to the participants in each Morgan Stock Plan an
appropriate notice setting forth such participant\'s rights pursuant thereto
and the grants pursuant to such Morgan Stock Plan shall continue in effect on
the same terms and conditions (subject to the adjustments required by Section
3.5(a) of this Agreement after giving effect to the Merger), and Regions
shall comply with the terms of each Morgan Stock Plan to ensure, to the
extent required by, and subject to the provisions of, such Morgan Stock Plan,
that Morgan Rights which qualified as incentive stock options prior to the
Effective Time continue to qualify as incentive stock options after the
Effective Time. At or prior to the Effective Time, Regions shall take all
corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance sufficient shares of
Regions Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of Morgan Rights assumed by
it in accordance with this Section 3.5. As soon as reasonably practicable
(but in no event more than 45 days) after the Effective Time, Regions shall
file a registration statement on Form S-3 or Form S-8, as the case may be (or
any successor or other appropriate forms), with respect to the shares of
Regions Common Stock subject to   5  11  such options and shall use its
reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statements (and maintain the current status of the prospectus or prospectuses
contained therein) for so long as such options remain outstanding. With
respect to those individuals who subsequent to the Merger will be subject to
the reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act, where
applicable, Regions shall administer the Morgan Stock Plan assumed pursuant
to this Section 3.5 in a manner that complies with Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the 1934 Act.   (c) All restrictions or limitations on transfer with
respect to Morgan Common Stock awarded under the Morgan Stock Plans or any
other plan, program, or arrangement of any Morgan Company, to the extent that
such restrictions or limitations shall not have already lapsed, and except as
otherwise expressly provided in such plan, program, or arrangement, shall
remain in full force and effect with respect to shares of Regions Common
Stock into which such restricted stock is converted pursuant to Section 3.1
of this Agreement.   (d) At the Effective Time, each holder of a Morgan
Right granted by Morgan under the 2000 Director Stock Option Plan which is
outstanding at the Effective Time, whether or not exerciseable, shall be
entitled to receive upon surrender of such Morgan Right a check in the amount
equal to the difference (if positive) between (i) the "Change of Control
Price" as defined in Section 6 of the 2000 Director Stock Option Plan, and
(ii) the exercise price of such Morgan Right. The Parties agree that the
"Change of Control Price" shall equal the Per Share Cash Consideration.  
ARTICLE 4   EXCHANGE OF SHARES   4.1 Exchange Procedures. (a) At or prior
to the Effective Time, Regions shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited,
with the Exchange Agent, for the benefit of the holders of Old Certificates,
for exchange in accordance with Article 3 of this Agreement and this Article
4, certificates representing the Merger Shares ("New Certificates") and an
estimated amount of cash (such cash and New Certificates, together with any
dividends or distributions with respect thereto (without any interest
thereon), being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund") to be paid
pursuant to Article 3 of this Agreement and this Article 4 in exchange for
outstanding shares of Morgan Common Stock.   (b) As promptly as practicable
after the Effective Time, Regions shall send or cause to be sent to each
former holder of record of shares (other than Cash Election Shares or
Treasury Shares) of Morgan Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective
Time, transmittal materials for use in exchanging such stockholder\'s Old
Certificates for the consideration set forth in Article 3 of this Agreement
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the certificates theretofore representing shares of Morgan Common
Stock shall pass, only upon proper delivery of such certificates to
the Exchange Agent). Regions shall cause the New Certificates or check in
respect of the Per Share Cash Consideration into which shares of a
stockholder\'s Morgan Common Stock are converted at the Effective Time and
any fractional share interests or dividends or distributions which such
person shall be entitled to receive to be delivered to such stockholder upon
delivery to the Exchange Agent of Old Certificates representing such shares
of Morgan Common Stock. No interest will be paid on any such cash to be paid
pursuant to Article 3 and this Article 4 upon such delivery.   (c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Exchange Agent nor any
Party hereto shall be liable to any former holder of Morgan Common Stock for
any amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.   (d) Any portion of the
Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the stockholders of Morgan for 12
months after the Effective Time shall be paid to Regions. Any stockholders of
Morgan who have not theretofore complied with this Article 4 shall thereafter
look only to Regions for payment of the consideration deliverable in respect
of each share of Morgan Common Stock such stockholder holds as determined
pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon.  
6  12   4.2 Rights of Former Morgan Stockholders. At the Effective Time,
the stock transfer books of Morgan shall be closed as to holders of Morgan
Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time and no transfer of
Morgan Common Stock by any such holder shall thereafter be made or
recognized. Until surrendered for exchange in accordance with the provisions
of Section 4.1 of this Agreement, each certificate theretofore representing
shares of Morgan Common Stock (other than shares to be canceled pursuant to
Section 3.3 of this Agreement) shall from and after the Effective Time
represent for all purposes only the right to receive the consideration
provided in Sections 3.1 and 3.4 of this Agreement in exchange therefor,
subject, however, to the Surviving Corporation\'s obligation to pay any
dividends or make any other distributions with a record date prior to the
Effective Time which have been declared or made by Morgan in respect of
such shares of Morgan Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and which remain unpaid at the Effective Time. To the extent
permitted by Law, former stockholders of record of Morgan shall be entitled
to vote after the Effective Time at any meeting of Regions stockholders the
number of whole shares of Regions Common Stock into which their respective
shares of Morgan Common Stock are converted, regardless of whether such
holders have exchanged their certificates representing Morgan Common Stock
for New Certificates representing Regions Common Stock in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement. Whenever a dividend or other distribution is
declared by Regions on the Regions Common Stock, the record date for which is
at or after the Effective Time, the declaration shall include dividends or
other distributions on all shares of Regions Common Stock issuable pursuant
to this Agreement, but beginning 30 days after the Effective Time no dividend
or other distribution payable to the holders of record of Regions Common
Stock as of any time subsequent to the Effective Time shall be delivered to
the holder of any certificate representing shares of Morgan Common Stock
issued and outstanding at the Effective Time until such holder surrenders
such certificate for exchange as provided in Section 4.1 of this Agreement.
However, upon surrender of the Old Certificate, both the New Certificate
(together with all such undelivered dividends or other distributions without
interest) and any undelivered dividends and cash payments to be paid
for fractional share interests (without interest) shall be delivered and paid
with respect to each share represented by such certificate. In the event any
Morgan Common Stock certificate shall have been lost, stolen, or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such
certificate to be lost, stolen, or destroyed and, if required by Regions, the
posting by such person of a bond in such amount as Regions may reasonably
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with
respect to such certificate, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for
such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate, the consideration deliverable in
respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement.   ARTICLE 5   REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF MORGAN   Morgan hereby represents and warrants, except as
specifically disclosed in a section of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum
corresponding to the relevant section of this Article 5, to Regions as
follows:   5.1 Organization, Standing, and Power. Morgan is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the
State of Tennessee, and has the corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as now conducted and to own, lease, and operate its material assets.
Morgan is duly qualified or licensed to transact business as a foreign
corporation in good standing in the States of the United States and foreign
jurisdictions where the character of its assets or the nature or conduct of
its business requires it to be so qualified or licensed, except for such
jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified or licensed is not
reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Morgan.   5.2 Authority; No Breach of Agreement. (a)
Morgan has the corporate power and authority necessary to execute, deliver,
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery, and performance of
this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein,
including the Merger, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action (including valid authorization and adoption of this
Agreement by Morgan\'s duly constituted Board of Directors) in respect
thereof on the part of Morgan, subject to the approval of this Agreement by
the holders of a majority of the shares of Morgan Common Stock entitled to
vote thereon,   7  13  which is the only stockholder vote required for
approval of this Agreement and consummation of the Merger by Morgan. Subject
to such requisite stockholder approval and assuming due authorization,
execution, and delivery of this Agreement by Regions, this Agreement
represents a legal, valid, and binding obligation of Morgan, enforceable
against Morgan in accordance with its terms (except in all cases as such
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, receivership, conservatorship, moratorium, or similar Laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except that the
availability of the equitable remedy of specific performance or injunctive
relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
may be brought).   (b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Morgan, nor the consummation by Morgan of the transactions contemplated
hereby, nor compliance by Morgan with any of the provisions hereof, will (i)
conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of Morgan\'s Restated
Charter or Bylaws, or (ii) constitute or result in a Default under, or
require any Consent pursuant to, or result in the creation of any Lien on any
asset of any Morgan Company under, any Contract or Permit of any Morgan
Company, where such Default or Lien, or any failure to obtain such Consent,
is reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Morgan, or (iii) subject to receipt of the requisite
Consents referred to in Section 9.1(b) of this Agreement, violate any Law or
Order applicable to any Morgan Company or any of their respective material
assets, which violation is reasonably likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (c) Other than in
connection or compliance with the provisions of the Securities Laws,
applicable state corporate and securities Laws, and other than Consents
required from Regulatory Authorities, and other than notices to or filings
with the Internal Revenue Service or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
or both with respect to any employee benefit plans, or under the HSR Act, and
other than Consents, filings, or notifications which, if not obtained or
made, are not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan, no notice to, filing with, or Consent
of, any public body or authority is necessary for the consummation by Morgan
of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement.  
5.3 Capital Stock. (a) The authorized capital stock of Morgan consists, as of
the date of this Agreement, of 100,000,000 shares of Morgan Common Stock,
of which, as of the date of this Agreement, (i) 28,562,566 shares were issued
and outstanding, including 2,009,935 shares of restricted Morgan Common
Stock, and (ii) 666,625 shares of Morgan Common Stock were issuable pursuant
to outstanding awards under Morgan\'s Stock Plans, and not more than
29,229,191 shares of Morgan Common Stock (excluding shares issued pursuant to
Permitted Issuances) will be issued and outstanding at the Effective Time.
All of the issued and outstanding shares of Morgan Common Stock are duly and
validly issued and outstanding and are fully paid and, except as expressly
provided otherwise under applicable Law, nonassessable under the TBCA. None
of the outstanding shares of Morgan Common Stock has been issued in violation
of any preemptive rights of the current or past stockholders of Morgan.  
(b) Except as set forth in Section 5.3(a) of this Agreement or Section 5.3(b)
of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum, there are no shares of capital stock or
other equity securities of Morgan outstanding and no outstanding
Rights relating to the capital stock of Morgan.   5.4 Morgan Subsidiaries.
Morgan has disclosed in Section 5.4 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum all
of the Morgan Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement. Except as set
forth in Section 5.4 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum, Morgan or one of
its Subsidiaries owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock of each Morgan Subsidiary. No equity securities of any Morgan
Subsidiary are or may become required to be issued (other than to another
Morgan Company) by reason of any Rights, and there are no Contracts by which
any Morgan Subsidiary is bound to issue (other than to another Morgan
Company) additional shares of its capital stock or Rights or by which any
Morgan Company is or may be bound to transfer any shares of the capital stock
of any Morgan Subsidiary (other than to another Morgan Company). There are no
Contracts relating to the rights of any Morgan Company to vote or to dispose
of any shares of the capital stock of any Morgan Subsidiary. All of the
shares of capital stock of each Morgan Subsidiary held by a Morgan
Company are fully paid and, except as expressly provided otherwise under
applicable Law,   8  14  nonassessable under the applicable corporate or
banking Law of the jurisdiction in which such Subsidiary is incorporated or
organized and are owned by the Morgan Company free and clear of any Lien.
Each Morgan Subsidiary is either a savings and loan association or a
corporation, and is duly organized, validly existing, and (as to
corporations) in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it
is incorporated or organized, and has the corporate power and authority
necessary for it to own, lease, and operate its assets and to carry on its
business as now conducted. Each Morgan Subsidiary is duly qualified or
licensed to transact business as a foreign corporation in good standing in
the States of the United States and foreign jurisdictions where the character
of its assets or the nature or conduct of its business requires it to be so
qualified or licensed, except for such jurisdictions in which the failure to
be so qualified or licensed is not reasonably likely to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan. Each Morgan
Subsidiary that is a depository institution is an "insured depository
institution" as defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and applicable
regulations thereunder, and the deposits in which are insured by the Bank
Insurance Fund or Savings Association Insurance Fund to the fullest extent
permitted by Law. The minute book and other organizational documents (and all
amendments thereto) for Morgan and each Morgan Subsidiary that is a
"Significant Subsidiary" (as such term is defined in Regulation S-X
promulgated under the 1934 Act) have been or will be made available to
Regions for its review, and are true and complete as in effect as of November
30, 2000. No material actions have been taken by Morgan\'s Board of Directors
since such date, other than such actions taken in contemplation of the
execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein, and actions related to matters described in the Morgan
Disclosure Memorandum. Except for (i) interests in the Morgan Subsidiaries,
(ii) trading account securities, securities held available for sale, client
margin agreements, securities acquired pursuant to underwriting agreements in
which Morgan participated as an underwriter or dealer and securities acquired
as a result of debts owing to Morgan or the Morgan Subsidiaries by their
customers, securities acquired in arbitrage, hedging, options or forward or
futures contracts, or transactions or arrangements or securities clearance
and settlement activities, or (iii) as set forth in Section 5.4 of the Morgan
Disclosure Memorandum, Morgan does not own, directly or indirectly (through
any Morgan Subsidiary or otherwise), any capital stock, membership interest,
partnership interest, joint venture interest or other equity interest in any
Person.   5.5 SEC Filings; Financial Statements. (a) Morgan and each
Morgan Subsidiary has filed and made available to Regions all forms, reports,
and documents required to be filed by Morgan or such Morgan Subsidiary with
the SEC since December 31, 1995 (collectively, the "Morgan SEC Reports"). The
Morgan SEC Reports (i) at the time filed, complied in all material respects
with the applicable requirements of the Securities Laws, and (ii) did not at
the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing prior to
the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated in such Morgan SEC Reports or necessary in order to make the
statements in such Morgan SEC Reports, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.   (b) Each of the Morgan Financial
Statements (including, in each case, any related notes) contained in the
Morgan SEC Reports, including any Morgan SEC Reports filed after the date of
this Agreement until the Effective Time, complied or will comply as to form
in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities
Laws with respect thereto, was prepared or will be prepared in accordance
with GAAP throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the
notes to such financial statements, or, in the case of unaudited statements,
as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC), and fairly presented or will fairly
present the consolidated financial position of Morgan and its Subsidiaries as
at the respective dates and the consolidated results of its operations and
cash flows for the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim
financial statements were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end
adjustments which were not or are not expected to be material in amount or
effect.   5.6 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. No Morgan Company has
any Liabilities that are reasonably likely to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan, except Liabilities which
are accrued or reserved against in the consolidated balance sheets of Morgan
as of October 31, 2000, included in the Morgan Financial Statements or
reflected in the notes thereto, Liabilities incurred in the ordinary course
of business subsequent to October 31, 2000, and Liabilities to be incurred in
connection with the   9  15  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. No Morgan Company has incurred or paid any Liability since October
31, 2000, except for such Liabilities incurred or paid in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past business practices and which are not
reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Morgan.   5.7 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since
October 31, 2000, except as disclosed in the Morgan Financial Statements
delivered prior to the date of this Agreement or as otherwise disclosed in
the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum, there have been no events, changes, or
occurrences which have had, or are reasonably likely to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   5.8 Tax Matters.
Except as set forth in Section 5.8 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum:  
(a) Since December 31, 1994, all material Tax Returns required to be  filed
by or on behalf of any of the Morgan Companies have been timely  filed, or
requests for extensions have been timely filed, granted, and have  not
expired for periods ended on or before December 31, 1999, and all Tax 
Returns filed are complete and accurate in all material respects. All Tax 
Returns for periods ending on or before the date of the most recent fiscal 
year end immediately preceding the Effective Time will be timely filed or 
requests for extensions will be timely filed. All Taxes shown on filed Tax 
Returns have been paid. There is no audit examination, deficiency, or  refund
Litigation with respect to any Taxes, that is reasonably likely to  result in
a determination that would have, individually or in the  aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Morgan, except to the extent  reserved against in
the Morgan Financial Statements dated prior to the date  of this Agreement.
All material Taxes due with respect to completed and  settled examinations or
concluded Litigation with respect to Taxes have  been paid.   (b) None of
the Morgan Companies has executed an extension or waiver  of any statute of
limitations on the assessment or collection of any Tax  due (excluding such
statutes that relate to years currently under  examination by the Internal
Revenue Service or other applicable taxing  authorities) that is currently in
effect.   (c) Adequate provision for any material Taxes due for any of the 
Morgan Companies for the period or periods through and including the date  of
the respective Morgan Financial Statements has been made in accordance  with
GAAP and is reflected on such Morgan Financial Statements.   (d) Each of the
Morgan Companies is in material compliance with, and  its records contain the
information and documents (including properly  completed IRS Forms W-9)
necessary to comply with, in all material  respects, applicable information
reporting and Tax withholding requirements  under federal, state, and local
Tax Laws, and such records identify with  specificity all accounts subject to
backup withholding under Section 3406  of the Internal Revenue Code.   (e)
None of the Morgan Companies has made any payments, is obligated  to make any
payments, or is a party to any contract, agreement, or other  arrangement
that could obligate it to make any payments that would be  disallowed as a
deduction under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code.   (f) There are
no Material Liens with respect to Taxes upon any of the  assets of the Morgan
Companies.   (g) No Morgan Company has filed any consent under Section
341(f) of  the Internal Revenue Code concerning collapsible corporations.  
5.9 Assets. The Morgan Companies have good and marketable title, free
and clear of all Liens, to all of their respective assets other than such
defects and liens which are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Morgan. All tangible properties used in the businesses of the
Morgan Companies are in good condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted,
and are usable in the ordinary course of business consistent with Morgan\'s
past practices, except as would not be reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Morgan. All assets which are material to Morgan\'s business
on a consolidated basis, held under leases or subleases by any of the Morgan
Companies, are held under valid Contracts enforceable in accordance with
their respective terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other Laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except  10  16  that
the availability of the equitable remedy of specific performance
or injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which
any proceedings may be brought), and each such Contract is in full force and
effect. The Morgan Companies currently maintain insurance in amounts, scope
and coverage reasonably necessary for their operations. Except as set forth
in Section 5.9 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum, none of the Morgan
Companies has received notice from any insurance carrier that (i) such
insurance will be canceled or that coverage thereunder will be materially
reduced or eliminated, or (ii) premium costs with respect to such policies of
insurance will be substantially increased. The assets of the Morgan Companies
include all material assets required to operate the business of the Morgan
Companies as presently conducted.   5.10 Environmental Matters. (a) Each
Morgan Company is and has been, in compliance with all Environmental Laws,
except those instances of non-compliance which are not reasonably likely to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Morgan.   (b) There is no Litigation pending or, to the Knowledge of
Morgan, threatened before any court, governmental agency, or authority, or
other forum in which any Morgan Company or site owned, leased, or operated by
any Morgan Company (the "Morgan Properties") has been or, with respect to
threatened Litigation, may reasonably be expected to be named as a defendant
(i) for alleged noncompliance (including by any predecessor) with any
Environmental Law, or (ii) relating to the release into the environment of
any Hazardous Material, whether or not occurring at, on, under, or involving
a Morgan Property, except for such Litigation pending or threatened that is
not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (c) There is no Litigation pending, or to the
Knowledge of Morgan, threatened before any court, governmental agency, or
board, or other forum in which any of the Morgan Properties has been or, with
respect to threatened Litigation, may reasonably be expected to be named as a
defendant or potentially responsible party (i) for alleged noncompliance
(including by any predecessor) with any Environmental Law, or (ii) relating
to the release into the environment of any Hazardous Material, whether or not
occurring at, on, under, or involving a Morgan Property, except for such
Litigation pending or threatened that is not reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.  
(d) To the Knowledge of Morgan, there is no reasonable basis for
any Litigation of a type described in subsections (b) or (c), except such as
is not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (e) To the Knowledge of Morgan, during
the period of any Morgan Company\'s ownership or operation of any of the
Morgan Properties, there have been no releases of Hazardous Material in, on,
under, or affecting (or potentially affecting) such properties, except such
as are not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Morgan. Prior to the period of any Morgan
Company\'s ownership or operation of any of the Morgan Properties, to the
Knowledge of Morgan, there were no releases of Hazardous Material in, on,
under, or affecting any such property, except such as are not reasonably
likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Morgan.   5.11 Permits. (a) Each Morgan Company has in effect all Permits
necessary for it to own, lease, or operate its material assets and to carry
on its business as now conducted, except for those Permits the absence of
which are not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Morgan, and there has occurred no Default under
any such Permit, other than Defaults which are not reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.  
(b) All officers, directors, and employees of Morgan and the
Morgan Subsidiaries that are required, as a result of their positions with
Morgan and/or the Morgan Subsidiaries, to be registered or licensed with the
SEC, the NASD, or the NYSE are currently registered or licensed in the
appropriate capacity with the SEC, the NASD, or the NYSE and all such
registrations and licenses are in full force and effect and no suspension or
cancellation of any of them is pending or, to the Knowledge of Morgan,
threatened. Morgan has delivered or made available to Regions a true and
complete copy of each Form ADV or BD of Morgan and each Morgan Subsidiary as
most recently filed or amended prior to the date of this Agreement (the
"Current Forms") with the SEC, all other state and federal registration forms
filed with the SEC, the NASD, or the   11  17  NYSE, all reports and all
material correspondence filed by Morgan or any Morgan Subsidiary with the
SEC, the NASD, or the NYSE under the Investment Company Act or the Investment
Advisers Act and the rules promulgated thereunder and under similar state and
federal statutes since January 1, 1998, and Morgan will deliver or make
available to Regions such forms and reports as are filed from and after the
date hereof and prior to the Effective Time. The information contained in
such forms and reports was (or will be, in the case of any forms and reports
filed after the date of this Agreement) complete and accurate in all material
respects as of the time of filing thereof.   (c) Section 5.11 of the Morgan
Disclosure Memorandum sets forth all Permits held by Morgan or a Morgan
Subsidiary that are issued or granted by (i) the AMEX, the CBOE, the CSE, the
NASD, the NYFE, the NYSE, the PHLX, the SEC, the SIA, or the SIPC, (ii) any
state securities or blue sky authority, or (iii) any other Regulatory
Authority, and which, in any case, the absence of which is reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (d) Morgan has made available
to Regions true and correct copies of (i) each Form G-37/G-38 filed with the
MSRB since January 1, 1998, and (ii) all records required to be kept by
Morgan and the Morgan Subsidiaries under Rule G-8(a)(xvi) of the MSRB. Since
January 1, 1998, there have been no contributions or payments, and there is
no other information, that would be required to be disclosed by Morgan or any
of the Morgan Subsidiaries on any such Form G-37/G-38 or recorded by Morgan
or any such Morgan Subsidiary pursuant to such rule.   5.12 Compliance with
Laws. (a) None of the Morgan Companies is in violation of any Laws, Orders,
or Permits applicable to its business or employees conducting its business,
except for violations which are not reasonably likely to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (b) None of the
Morgan Companies has received any notification or communication from any
agency or department of federal, state, or local government or any Regulatory
Authority or the staff thereof (i) asserting that any Morgan Company is not
in compliance with any of the Laws or Orders which such governmental
authority or Regulatory Authority enforces, where such noncompliance is
reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Morgan, (ii) threatening to revoke any Permits,
the revocation of which is reasonably likely to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan, or (iii) requiring any
Morgan Company (x) to enter into or consent to the issuance of a cease and
desist order, formal agreement, directive, commitment, or memorandum of
understanding, or (y) to adopt any board resolution or similar undertaking,
which restricts materially the conduct of its business, or in any material
manner relates to its capital adequacy, its credit or reserve policies, its
management, or the payment of dividends.   (c) Neither Morgan nor any of
the Morgan Subsidiaries, nor, to Morgan\'s Knowledge, any of their respective
officers, directors, or employees, has been the subject of any disciplinary
proceeding or order of any Regulatory Authority which would be required to be
disclosed on SEC Forms ADV or BD except as disclosed therein, and no such
disciplinary proceeding or order is pending or, to the Knowledge of Morgan,
threatened; and, except as disclosed on the Current Forms, neither Morgan nor
any of the Morgan Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective officers,
directors or employees, has been permanently enjoined by any Regulatory
Authority from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in
connection with any activity required to be disclosed in the Current Forms
or in connection with the purchase or sale of any security. Except as
disclosed on the Current Forms, neither Morgan nor any of the Morgan
Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective officers, directors or employees,
is or has been ineligible to serve as, or subject to any disqualification
which would result in any denial, suspension or revocation of the
registration of, or any limitation on the activities of Morgan or any of the
Morgan Subsidiaries as, an investment adviser under the provisions of the
Investment Advisers Act, or as a broker-dealer under the 1934 Act, or
ineligible to serve in, or subject to any disqualification which would be the
basis for any limitation on serving in, any of the capacities specified in
Section 9(a) or 9(b) of the Investment Company Act.   (d) Neither Morgan nor
any of the Morgan Subsidiaries, nor any "associated person" (as defined in
the 1934 Act) thereof, is subject to a "statutory disqualification" as
defined in Section 3(a)(39) of the 1934 Act or otherwise ineligible to serve
as a broker-dealer or as an associated person to a registered broker-
dealer.  12  18   5.13 Labor Relations. No Morgan Company is the subject
of any Litigation asserting that it or any other Morgan Company has committed
an unfair labor practice (within the meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act or comparable state Law) or seeking to compel it or any other Morgan
Company to bargain with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of
employment, nor is any Morgan Company a party to or bound by any collective
bargaining agreement, Contract, or other agreement or understanding with a
labor union or labor organization, nor is there any strike or other labor
dispute involving any Morgan Company, pending or, to the Knowledge of Morgan,
threatened, or to the Knowledge of Morgan, is there any activity involving
any Morgan Company\'s employees seeking to certify a collective bargaining
unit or engaging in any other organization activity.   5.14 Employee
Benefit Plans. (a) Morgan has disclosed in Section 5.14 of the Morgan
Disclosure Memorandum, and has delivered or made available to Regions prior
to the execution of this Agreement correct and complete copies in each case
of, all Morgan Benefit Plans. For purposes of this Agreement, "Morgan Benefit
Plans" means all material written pension, retirement, profit-
sharing, deferred compensation, stock option, employee stock ownership,
severance pay, vacation, bonus, or other incentive plan, all other material
written employee programs or agreements, all medical, vision, dental, or
other written health plans, all life insurance plans, and all other material
written employee benefit plans or fringe benefit plans, including written
"employee benefit plans" as that term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA
maintained by, sponsored in whole or in part by, or contributed to by, any
Morgan Company for the benefit of employees, retirees, dependents, spouses,
directors, independent contractors, or other beneficiaries and under which
employees, retirees, dependents, spouses, directors, independent contractors,
or other beneficiaries are eligible to participate. Any of the Morgan Benefit
Plans which is an "employee welfare benefit plan," as that term is defined in
Section 3(l) of ERISA, or an "employee pension benefit plan," as that term is
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, is referred to herein as a "Morgan ERISA
Plan." Any Morgan ERISA Plan which is also subject to Section 412 of the
Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA, is referred to herein as a
"Morgan Pension Plan." Neither Morgan nor any Morgan Company has an
"obligation to contribute" (as defined in ERISA Section 4212) to a
"multiemployer plan" (as defined in ERISA Sections 4001(a)(3) and
3(37)(A)). Each "employee pension benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(2)
of ERISA, ever maintained by any Morgan Company, that was intended to qualify
under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code is disclosed as such in
Section 5.14 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum.   (b) Morgan has
delivered or made available to Regions prior to the execution of this
Agreement correct and complete copies of the following documents: (i) all
trust agreements or other funding arrangements for such Morgan Benefit Plans
(including insurance contracts), and all amendments thereto, (ii) with
respect to any such Morgan Benefit Plans or amendments, the most recent
determination letters, and all material rulings, material opinion letters,
material information letters, or material advisory opinions issued by the
Internal Revenue Service, the United States Department of Labor, or
the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation after December 31, 1994, (iii)
annual reports or returns, audited or unaudited financial statements,
actuarial valuations and reports, and summary annual reports prepared for any
Morgan Benefit Plan with respect to the most recent plan year and (iv) the
most recent summary plan descriptions and any material modifications
thereto.   (c) All Morgan Benefit Plans are in compliance with the
applicable terms of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code, and any other
applicable Laws, other than instances of noncompliance which are not
reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Morgan. Each Morgan ERISA Plan which is intended to be
qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code has received a
favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service, and to the
Knowledge of Morgan, there are no circumstances likely to result in
revocation of any such favorable determination letter. Each trust created
under any Morgan ERISA Plan has been determined to be exempt from Tax under
Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and Morgan is not aware of
any circumstance which will or could reasonably result in revocation of
such exemption. With respect to each Morgan Benefit Plan to the Knowledge of
Morgan, no event has occurred which will or could reasonably give rise to a
loss of any intended Tax consequences under the Internal Revenue Code or to
any Tax under Section 511 of the Internal Revenue Code that is reasonably
likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Morgan.   13  19  There is no material pending or, to the Knowledge of
Morgan, threatened Litigation relating to any Morgan ERISA Plan.   (d) No
Morgan Company has engaged in a transaction with respect to any Morgan
Benefit Plan that, assuming the Taxable Period of such transaction expired as
of the date of this Agreement, would subject any Morgan Company to a material
tax or penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or
Section 502(i) of ERISA in amounts which are reasonably likely to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.
Neither Morgan nor, any administrator or fiduciary of any Morgan Benefit Plan
(or any agent of any of the foregoing) has engaged in any transaction, or
acted or failed to act in any manner with respect to any Morgan Benefit Plan
which could subject Morgan to any direct or indirect Liability (by indemnity
or otherwise) for breach of any fiduciary, co-fiduciary, or other duty under
ERISA, where such Liability, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan. No oral or written
representation or communication with respect to any aspect of the Morgan
Benefit Plans has been made to employees of any Morgan Company which is not
in conformity with the written or otherwise preexisting terms and provisions
of such plans, where any Liability resulting from such non-conformity is
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (e) No
Morgan Pension Plan has any "unfunded current liability," as that term is
defined in Section 302(d)(8)(A) of ERISA, and the fair market value of the
assets of any such plan is equal to or exceeds the actuarial present value of
all accrued benefits under such plans (whether vested or not), based upon
the actuarial assumptions used to prepare the most recent actuarial reports
for such pans and to the Knowledge of Morgan, since the date of the most
recent actuarial valuation, no event has occurred which would be reasonably
expected to change any such funded status in a way that is reasonably likely
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Morgan. Neither any Morgan Pension Plan nor any "single-employer plan,"
within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently maintained by
any Morgan Company, or the single-employer plan of any entity which is
considered one employer with Morgan under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section
414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA (whether or not
waived) (a "Morgan ERISA Affiliate") has an "accumulated funding deficiency"
within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302
of ERISA. All required contributions with respect to an Morgan Pension Plan
or any single-employer plan of an Morgan ERISA Affiliate have been timely
made and there is no lien or expected to be a lien under Internal Revenue
Code Section 412(n) or ERISA Section 302(f) or Tax under Internal Revenue
Code Section 4971. No Morgan Company has provided, or is required to provide,
security to an Morgan Pension Plan or to any single-employer plan of an
Morgan ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Internal Revenue
Code. All premiums required to be paid under ERISA Section 4006 have been
timely paid by Morgan, except to the extent any failure to timely pay would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (f) No Liability under Title
IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by any Morgan Company with
respect to any defined benefit plan currently or formerly maintained by any
of them or by any Morgan ERISA Affiliate that has not been satisfied in full
(other than Liability for Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation premiums,
which have been paid when due, except for Liabilities that, individually or
in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan).  
(g) No Morgan Company has any obligations for retiree health and retiree life
benefits under any of the Morgan Benefit Plans other than with respect
to benefit coverage mandated by applicable Law.   (h) Except as set forth
in Section 5.14 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum, neither the execution
and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will, by themselves, (i) result in any payment
(including, without limitation, severance, golden parachute, or otherwise)
becoming due to any director or any employee of any Morgan Company from any
Morgan Company under any Morgan Benefit Plan or otherwise, other than by
operation of Law, (ii) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any
Morgan Benefit Plan, or (iii) result in any acceleration of the time of
payment or vesting of any such benefit.   5.15 Material Contracts. (a)
Except as set forth in the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum and except for
Contracts filed as exhibits to Morgan\'s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2000, as of the date of  14  20  this Agreement, none of the
Morgan Companies, nor any of their respective assets, businesses, or
operations, is a party to, or is bound or affected by, or receives benefits
under, (i) any employment, severance, termination, consulting, or retirement
Contract providing for aggregate payments to any Person in any calendar year
in excess of $150,000, (ii) any Contract relating to the borrowing of money
by any Morgan Company or the guarantee by any Morgan Company of any such
obligation (other than Contracts pertaining to fully-secured
repurchase agreements, and trade payables, and Contracts relating to
borrowings or guarantees made in the ordinary course of business), and (iii)
any other Contract or amendment thereto that would be required to be filed as
an exhibit to a Form 10-K filed by Morgan with the SEC that has not been
filed as an exhibit to Morgan\'s Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2000 or on another SEC Document and identified to Regions (together
with all Contracts referred to in Sections 5.9 and 5.14 (a) of this
Agreement, the "Morgan Contracts"). With respect to each Morgan Contract: (i)
the Contract is in full force and effect; (ii) no Morgan Company is in
Default thereunder, other than Defaults which are not reasonably likely to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan;
(iii) no Morgan Company has repudiated or waived any material provision of
any such Contract; and (iv) no other party to any such Contract is, to the
Knowledge of Morgan, in Default in any material respect, other than Defaults
which are not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Morgan. Except as set forth in Section 5.15 of the
Morgan Disclosure Memorandum, all of the indebtedness of any Morgan Company
for money borrowed is prepayable at any time by such Morgan Company without
penalty or premium.   5.16 Legal Proceedings. (a) There is no Litigation
instituted or pending, or, to the Knowledge of Morgan, threatened against any
Morgan Company, or against any asset, interest, or right of any of them, that
is reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Morgan, nor are there any Orders of any Regulatory
Authorities, other governmental authorities, or arbitrators outstanding
against any Morgan Company, that are reasonably likely to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (b) Section
5.16(b) of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum includes a summary report of all
Litigation as of the date of this Agreement to which any Morgan Company is a
party and which names a Morgan Company as a defendant or cross-defendant.  
5.17 Reports. Since December 31, 1995, or the date of organization if later,
each Morgan Company has timely filed all reports and statements,
together with any amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that
it was required to file with any Regulatory Authorities, except failures to
file which are not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   5.18 Statements True and
Correct. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by any Morgan
Company or any Affiliate thereof regarding Morgan or such Affiliate for
inclusion in the Registration Statement to be filed by Regions with the SEC
will, when the Registration Statement becomes effective, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact, or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated thereunder or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the
information supplied or to be supplied by any Morgan Company or any Affiliate
thereof for inclusion in the Proxy Statement to be mailed to Morgan\'s
stockholders in connection with the Stockholders\' Meeting will, when first
mailed to the stockholders of Morgan, contain any misstatement of material
fact, or omit to state any material fact required to be stated thereunder or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, or, in the case of the Proxy Statement
or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, at the time of the
Stockholders\' Meeting, omit to state any material fact required to be
stated thereunder or necessary to correct any material statement in any
earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of any proxy for
the Stockholders\' Meeting. All documents that any Morgan Company or any
Affiliate thereof is responsible for filing with any Regulatory Authority in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby will comply as to form
in all material respects with the provisions of applicable Law.   5.19 Tax
and Regulatory Matters. No Morgan Company or any Affiliate thereof has taken
or agreed to take any action, and Morgan has no Knowledge of any fact or
circumstance that is reasonably likely to   15  21  (i) prevent the
Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or (ii) materially impede or
delay receipt of any Consents of Regulatory Authorities referred to in
Section 9.1(b) of this Agreement. To the Knowledge of Morgan there exists no
fact, circumstance, or reason why the requisite Consents referred to in
Section 9.1(b) of this Agreement cannot be received in a timely manner.  
5.20 Intellectual Property. All of the Intellectual Property rights of Morgan
and the Morgan Subsidiaries are in full force and effect and, if applicable,
constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of the respective parties
thereto, and there have not been, and, to the Knowledge of Morgan,
there currently are not, any Defaults thereunder by Morgan or a Morgan
Subsidiary. Morgan or a Morgan Subsidiary owns or is the valid licensee of
all such Intellectual Property rights free and clear of all Liens or claims
of infringement, except for such Liens or claims of infringement which would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.
Neither Morgan nor any of the Morgan Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of
Morgan, their respective predecessors has infringed the Intellectual Property
rights of others and, to the Knowledge of Morgan, none of the Intellectual
Property rights as used in the business conducted by Morgan or the Morgan
Subsidiaries infringes upon or otherwise violates the rights of any Person,
nor has any Person asserted a claim of such infringement, in each case,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Morgan. Except as disclosed in Section 5.20 of the Morgan Disclosure
Memorandum, neither Morgan nor any of the Morgan Subsidiaries is obligated to
pay any royalties to any Person with respect to any such Intellectual
Property other than in the ordinary course of business. Morgan or a Morgan
Subsidiary owns or has the valid right to use all of the Intellectual
Property rights which it is presently using, or in connection
with performance of any material Contract to which it is a party. No
officer, director, or employee of Morgan or the Morgan Subsidiaries is party
to any Contract which requires such officer, director, or employee to assign
any interest in any Intellectual Property or keep confidential any trade
secrets, proprietary data, customer information, or other business
information or, except as disclosed in Section 5.20 of the Morgan Disclosure
Memorandum, which restricts or prohibits such officer, director, or employee
from engaging in activities competitive with any Person, in each case, other
than with Morgan or any of the Morgan Subsidiaries.   5.21 State Takeover
Laws. Subject to Morgan\'s right to alter its recommendation in accordance
with the proviso set forth in the fourth sentence of Section 8.1 of this
Agreement, each Morgan Company has taken all necessary action to exempt the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement from any applicable "moratorium,"
"control share," "fair price," "business combination," or other anti-takeover
laws and regulations of the State of Tennessee (collectively, "Takeover
Laws") including the relevant provisions of Chapter 48 of the TBCA.   5.22
Charter Provisions. Each Morgan Company has taken all action so that the
entering into of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not and will not
result in the grant of any rights to any Person under the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws or, subject to Morgan\'s right to alter its
recommendation in accordance with the proviso set forth in the fourth
sentence of Section 8.1 of this Agreement, restrict or impair the ability of
Regions to vote, or otherwise to exercise the rights of a stockholder with
respect to, shares of any Morgan Company that may be directly or indirectly
acquired or controlled by it.   5.23 Derivatives. All interest rate swaps,
caps, floors, option agreements, futures and forward contracts, and other
similar risk management arrangements, whether entered into for Morgan\'s own
account, or for the account of one or more the Morgan Subsidiaries or their
customers, were entered into (i) in accordance with prudent business
practices and all applicable Laws, and (ii) with counterparties believed to
be financially responsible; and each of them is enforceable in accordance
with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and
similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\'
rights or by general equity principles), and are in full force and effect.
Neither Morgan nor a Morgan Subsidiary, nor to Morgan\'s Knowledge, any other
party thereto, is in breach of any of its obligations under any such
agreement or arrangement. The Morgan Financial Statements disclose the value
of such agreements and arrangements on a mark-to-market basis
in accordance   16  22  with GAAP and, since October 31, 2000, there has
not been a change in such value that, individually or in the aggregate, has
resulted in a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   5.24 Fairness Opinion.
Morgan has received an opinion of Lazard Freres and Co. LLC to the effect that,
in the opinion of such firm, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a financial
point of view, to the stockholders of Morgan.   5.25 Contracts with Clients.
(a) Each of Morgan and the Morgan Subsidiaries is in compliance with the
terms of each Contract with any customer to whom Morgan or any Morgan
Subsidiary provides services under any Contract (a "Client"), and each such
Contract is in full force and effect with respect to the applicable
Client.   (b) Each extension of credit by Morgan or any of the Morgan
Subsidiaries to any Client (i) is in full compliance with Regulation T of the
Federal Reserve Board or any substantially similar regulation of any
Regulatory Authority, (ii) is fully secured, and (iii) Morgan or a Morgan
Subsidiary, as the case may be, has a first priority perfected security
interest in the collateral securing such extension.   5.26 Investment
Advisory Activities. (a) Morgan or certain of the Morgan Subsidiaries have
sponsored or organized or provide investment management, investment advisory,
sub-advisory, administration, distribution or certain other services to
Investment Companies. All such Investment Companies are disclosed in Section
5.26 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum (each such Investment Company, a
"Morgan Investment Company"). Each of the Morgan Investment Companies (or
the trust of which it is a series) is duly organized and existing in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction under which it is organized as
previously disclosed. Each of the Morgan Investment Companies is governed by
a Fund Board consisting of at least 40% of trustees or directors who are not
"interested persons" (as defined in the Investment Company Act) of the Morgan
Investment Companies or Morgan. The Fund Boards operate in all material
respects in conformity with the requirements and restrictions of Sections 10
and 16 of the Investment Company Act.   (b) Each of the Morgan Investment
Companies is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
Securities Laws and the Laws of any Regulatory Authorities, having
jurisdiction over such entity and the Laws of any state in which such Morgan
Investment Company is registered, qualified, or sold. Morgan has provided or
made available to Regions true and complete copies of all the constituent
documents and related advisory agreements of all of the Morgan Investment
Companies.   (c) Except as disclosed in Section 5.26 of the Morgan
Disclosure Memorandum, neither Morgan nor any Morgan Subsidiary is or has
been during the past five years an "investment adviser" within the meaning of
the Investment Advisers Act, required to be registered, licensed or qualified
as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act or subject to any
material Liability or disability by reason of any failure to be so
registered, licensed or qualified, except for any such failure to be so
registered, licensed, or qualified that would not reasonably likely have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.  
(d) Each Morgan Investment Company has been operated in compliance with
its respective objectives, policies, and restrictions, including without
limitation, those set forth in the applicable registration statement for that
Morgan Investment Company or governing instruments for a Client, except where
lack of compliance would not reasonably likely have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan.   (e) Each Morgan
Investment Company has duly adopted procedures pursuant to Rules 17a-7,
17e-1, and 10f-3 under the Investment Company Act, to the
extent applicable.   ARTICLE 6   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
REGIONS   Regions hereby represents and warrants to Morgan as follows:  
6.1 Organization, Standing, and Power. Regions is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the
State of Delaware, and has the corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as now conducted and to own, lease, and operate its material assets.
Regions is duly qualified or  17  23  licensed to transact business as a
foreign corporation in good standing in the States of the United States and
foreign jurisdictions where the character of its assets or the nature or
conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified or licensed, except
for such jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified or licensed is
not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Regions.   6.2 Authority; No Breach of Agreement. (a)
Regions has the corporate power and authority necessary to execute, deliver,
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery, and performance of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein,
including the Merger, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action in respect thereof on the part of Regions. This Agreement
represents a legal, valid, and binding obligation of Regions, enforceable
against Regions in accordance with its terms (except in all cases as such
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, receivership, conservatorship, moratorium, or similar Laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except that the
availability of the equitable remedy of specific performance or injunctive
relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
may be brought).   (b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Regions, nor the consummation by Regions of the transactions contemplated
hereby, nor compliance by Regions with any of the provisions hereof, will (i)
conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of Regions\' Certificate
of Incorporation or Bylaws, (ii) constitute or result in a Default under, or
require any Consent pursuant to, or result in the creation of any Lien on any
asset of any Regions Company under, any Contract or Permit of any Regions
Company, where such Default or Lien, or any failure to obtain such Consent,
is reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Regions, or (iii) subject to receipt of the requisite
Consents referred to in Section 9.1(b) of this Agreement, violate any Law or
Order applicable to any Regions Company or any of their respective material
assets.   (c) Other than in connection or compliance with the provisions of
the Securities Laws, applicable state corporate and securities Laws, and
rules of the NASD, and other than Consents required from Regulatory
Authorities, and other than notices to or filings with the Internal Revenue
Service or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation with respect to any
employee benefit plans, or under the HSR Act, and other than Consents,
filings, or notifications which, if not obtained or made, are not reasonably
likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Regions, no notice to, filing with, or Consent of, any public body or
authority is necessary for the consummation by Regions of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated in this Agreement.   6.3 Capital Stock. The
authorized capital stock of Regions consists, as of the date of this
Agreement, of 500,000,000 shares of Regions Common Stock, of which
222,445,291 shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2000. All
of the issued and outstanding shares of Regions Common Stock are, and all
of the shares of Regions Common Stock to be issued in exchange for shares of
Morgan Common Stock upon consummation of the Merger, when issued in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be, duly and validly issued
and outstanding and fully paid and, except as expressly provided otherwise
under applicable Law, nonassessable under the DGCL. None of the outstanding
shares of Regions Common Stock has been, and none of the shares of Regions
Common Stock to be issued in exchange for shares of Morgan Common Stock upon
consummation of the Merger will be, issued in violation of any preemptive
rights of the current or past stockholders of Regions.   6.4 Regions
Subsidiaries. Regions or one of its Subsidiaries owns all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of each Regions Subsidiary. No equity
securities of any Regions Subsidiary are or may become required to be issued
(other than to another Regions Company) by reason of any Rights, and there
are no Contracts by which any Regions Subsidiary is bound to issue
(other than to another Regions Company) additional shares of its capital
stock or Rights or by which any Regions Company is or may be bound to
transfer any shares of the capital stock of any Regions Subsidiary (other
than to another Regions Company). There are no Contracts relating to the
rights of any Regions Company to vote or to dispose of any shares of the
capital stock of any Regions Subsidiary. All of the shares of capital stock
of each Regions Subsidiary held by a Regions Company are fully paid and,
except as provided in statutes pursuant to which   18  24  depository
institution Subsidiaries are organized, except as expressly
provided otherwise under applicable Law, nonassessable under the applicable
corporate or banking Law of the jurisdiction in which such Subsidiary is
incorporated or organized and are owned by the Regions Company free and clear
of any Lien. Each Regions Subsidiary is either a bank or a corporation, and
is duly organized, validly existing, and (as to corporations) in good
standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or
organized, and has the corporate power and authority necessary for it to own,
lease, and operate its assets and to carry on its business as now conducted.
Each Regions Subsidiary is duly qualified or licensed to transact business as
a foreign corporation in good standing in the States of the United States and
foreign jurisdictions where the character of its assets or the nature or
conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified or licensed, except
for such jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified or licensed is
not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Regions. Each Regions Subsidiary that is a depository
institution is an "insured depository institution" as defined in the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act and applicable regulations thereunder, and the deposits
in which are insured by the Bank Insurance Fund or Savings Association
Insurance Fund to the fullest extent permitted by Law. The minute book and
other organizational documents (and all amendments thereto) for Regions and
each Regions Subsidiary that is a "Significant Subsidiary" (as such term is
defined in Regulation S-X promulgated under the 1934 Act) have been or will
be made available to Morgan for its review, and are true and complete as
in effect as of November 30, 2000. No material actions have been taken by
Regions\' Board of Directors since such date, other than such actions taken
in contemplation of the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated herein.   6.5 SEC Filings; Financial
Statements. (a) Regions has filed and made available to Morgan all forms,
reports, and documents required to be filed by Regions with the SEC since
January 1 of the second complete fiscal year preceding the date of this
Agreement (collectively, the "Regions SEC Reports"). The Regions SEC Reports
(i) at the time filed, complied in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act, as the case may be, and (ii)
did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing
prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated in such Regions SEC Reports or necessary in order to
make the statements in such Regions SEC Reports, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except for
Regions Subsidiaries that are registered as a broker, dealer, or investment
adviser or filings required due to fiduciary holdings of the Regions
Subsidiaries, none of Regions Subsidiaries is required to file any forms,
reports, or other documents with the SEC.   (b) Each of the Regions
Financial Statements (including, in each case, any related notes) contained
in the Regions SEC Reports, including any Regions SEC Reports filed after the
date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, complied or will comply as
to form in all material respects with the applicable published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, was or will be prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes to such
financial statements or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by
Form 10-Q of the SEC), and fairly presented or will fairly present the
consolidated financial position of Regions and its Subsidiaries as at the
respective dates and the consolidated results of its operations and cash
flows for the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial
statements were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments
which were not or are not expected to be material in amount or effect.  
6.6 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. No Regions Company has
any Liabilities that are reasonably likely to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Regions, except Liabilities which
are accrued or reserved against in the consolidated balance sheets of Regions
as of September 30, 2000, included in the Regions Financial Statements or
reflected in the notes thereto, Liabilities incurred in the ordinary course
of business subsequent to September 30, 2000, and Liabilities to be incurred
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. No Regions
Company has incurred or paid any Liability since September 30, 2000, except
for such Liabilities incurred or paid in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past business practice and which are not reasonably likely to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Regions.   19  25   6.7 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since
September 30, 2000, except as disclosed in the Regions Financial Statements
delivered prior to the date of this Agreement, there have been no events,
changes or occurrences which have had, or are reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Regions.  
6.8 Compliance with Laws. Regions is duly registered as a bank
holding company under the BHC Act. Each Regions Company has in effect all
Permits necessary for it to own, lease, or operate its material assets and to
carry on its business as now conducted, except for those Permits the absence
of which are not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on Regions, and there has occurred no Default under
any such Permit, other than Defaults which are not reasonably likely to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Regions.
None of the Regions Companies:   (a) is in violation of any Laws, Orders,
or Permits applicable to its  business or employees conducting its business,
except for violations which  are not reasonably likely to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a  Material Adverse Effect on Regions; and   (b) has
received any notification or communication from any agency or  department of
federal, state, or local government or any Regulatory  Authority or the staff
thereof (i) asserting that any Regions Company is  not in compliance with any
of the Laws or Orders which such governmental  authority or Regulatory
Authority enforces, where such noncompliance is  reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect on Regions, (ii)
threatening to revoke any Permits, the  revocation of which is reasonably
likely to have, individually or in the  aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Regions, or (iii) requiring any  Regions Company (x) to enter into or
consent to the issuance of a cease and  desist order, formal agreement,
directive, commitment, or memorandum of  understanding, or (y) to adopt any
Board resolution or similar undertaking,  which restricts materially the
conduct of its business, or in any manner  relates to its capital adequacy,
its credit or reserve policies, its  management, or the payment of
dividends.   6.9 Tax Matters. (a) Since December 31, 1994, all material Tax
Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of each Regions Company have
been timely filed, or requests for extensions have been timely filed,
granted, and have not expired for periods ended on or before December 31,
1999, and all Tax Returns filed are complete and accurate in all material
respects. All Tax Returns for periods ending on or before the date of the
most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the Effective Time will be
timely filed or requests for extensions will be timely filed. All Taxes shown
on filed Tax Returns have been paid. There is no audit examination,
deficiency, or refund Litigation with respect to any Taxes, that is
reasonably likely to result in a determination that would have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Regions, except to the
extent reserved against in the Regions Financial Statements dated prior to
the date of this Agreement. All material Taxes and other material Liabilities
due with respect to completed and settled examinations or concluded
Litigation have been paid.   (b) Adequate provision for any material Taxes
due or to become due for each Regions Company for the periods or periods
through and including the date of the respective Regions Financial Statements
has been made and is reflected on such Regions Financial Statements.   (c)
Each of the Regions Companies is in material compliance with, and its records
contain the information and documents (including properly completed IRS Forms
W-9) necessary to comply with, in all material respects,
applicable information reporting and Tax withholding requirements under
federal, state, and local Tax Laws, and such records identify with
specificity all accounts subject to backup withholding under Section 3406 of
the Internal Revenue Code.   (d) There are no material Liens with respect to
Taxes upon any of the assets of any Regions Companies.   (e) No Regions
Company has filed any consent under Section 341(f) of the Internal Revenue
Code concerning collapsible corporations.   6.10 Legal Proceedings. There is
no Litigation instituted or pending, or, to the Knowledge of Regions,
threatened against any Regions Company, or against any asset, employee
benefit plan, interest, or right of any  20  26  of them, that is
reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Regions, nor are there any Orders of any
Regulatory Authorities, other governmental authorities, or arbitrators
outstanding against any Regions Company, that are reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Regions.  
6.11 Reports. Since December 31, 1995, or the date of organization if later,
each Regions Company has timely filed all reports and statements, together
with any amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that it was
required to file with any Regulatory Authorities, except failures to
file which are not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Regions. As of their respective
dates, each of such reports and documents, including the financial
statements, exhibits, and schedules thereto, complied in all material
respects with all applicable Laws.   6.12 Statements True and Correct. None
of the information supplied or to be supplied by any Regions Company or any
Affiliate thereof regarding Regions or such Affiliate for inclusion in the
Registration Statement to be filed by Regions with the SEC will, when the
Registration Statement becomes effective, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact, or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
thereunder or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. None
of the information supplied or to be supplied by any Regions Company or any
Affiliate thereof for inclusion in the Proxy Statement to be mailed to
Morgan\'s stockholders in connection with the Stockholders\' Meeting, will,
when first mailed to the stockholders of Morgan, contain any misstatement of
material fact, or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
thereunder or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or, in the case of
the Proxy Statement or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, at the
time of the Stockholders\' Meeting, omit to state any material fact required
to be stated thereunder or necessary to correct any material statement in any
earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of any proxy for the
Stockholders\' Meeting. All documents that any Regions Company or
any Affiliate thereof is responsible for filing with any Regulatory Authority
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby will comply as to
form in all material respects with the provisions of applicable Law.   6.13
Tax and Regulatory Matters. No Regions Company or any Affiliate thereof has
taken or agreed to take any action, and Regions has no Knowledge of any fact
or circumstance that is reasonably likely to (i) prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or (ii) materially impede or delay receipt of
any Consents of Regulatory Authorities referred to in Section 9.1(b) of
this Agreement. To the Knowledge of Regions there exists no fact,
circumstance, or reason why the requisite Consents referred to in Section
9.1(b) of this Agreement cannot be received in a timely manner.   6.14
Derivatives. All interest rate swaps, caps, floors, option agreements,
futures and forward contracts, and other similar risk
management arrangements, whether entered into for Regions\' own account, or
for the account of one or more the Regions Subsidiaries or their customers,
were entered into (i) in accordance with prudent business practices and all
applicable Laws, and (ii) with counterparties believed to be financially
responsible; and each of them is enforceable in accordance with its terms
(except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general equity principles), and are in full force and effect. Neither Regions
nor a Regions Subsidiary, nor to Regions\' Knowledge, any other party
thereto, is in breach of any of its obligations under any such agreement or
arrangement. The Regions Financial Statements disclose the value of such
agreements and arrangements on a mark-to-market basis in accordance with GAAP
and, since September 30, 2000, there has not been a change in such value
that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in a Material Adverse
Effect on Regions.   6.15 Funds. At the Effective Time, Regions will have
the funds necessary to consummate the Merger and pay the Aggregate Cash
Amount in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   6.16 Ownership of
Morgan Capital Stock. Neither Regions nor any of its Subsidiaries,
Affiliates, or "Associates" (as defined in Section 48-103-203 or Section
48-103-302 of the TBCA) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly,
any capital stock of Morgan or is a party to any agreement, arrangement,
or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing
of any capital stock of Morgan that in  21  27  the aggregate equals or
exceeds 5.0% of the outstanding shares of Morgan Common Stock, other than as
contemplated by this Agreement.   ARTICLE 7   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING
CONSUMMATION   7.1 Affirmative Covenants of Both Parties. Unless the prior
written consent of the other Party shall have been obtained, and except as
otherwise expressly contemplated herein or set forth in Section 7.1 or
Section 7.2 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum, each Party shall and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to (i) operate its business only in the usual,
regular, and ordinary course, (ii) use its reasonable efforts to preserve
intact its business organization and assets and maintain its rights and
franchises, (iii) use its reasonable efforts to maintain its current employee
relationships, and (iv) take no action which would (a) adversely affect the
ability of any Party to obtain any Consents required for the transactions
contemplated hereby, or (b) adversely affect the ability of any Party to
perform its covenants and agreements under this Agreement; provided, that the
foregoing shall not prevent any Regions Company from discontinuing or
disposing of any of its assets or business, or from acquiring or agreeing to
acquire any other Person or any assets thereof, if such action is, in the
reasonable good faith judgment of Regions, desirable in the conduct of the
business of Regions and its Subsidiaries and such action would not jeopardize
the receipt of Consents required to consummate the transaction contemplated
hereby or delay the Effective Time beyond the date set forth in Section
10.1(e) of this Agreement. Morgan shall use all reasonable efforts to
purchase all shares of Morgan Common Stock to be issued prior to
the Effective Time pursuant to Permitted Issuances, to the extent practicable
and permitted by the Morgan Stock Plans, in the open market, subject to
all applicable requirements of the Securities Laws.   7.2 Negative
Covenants of Morgan. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the
Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement, except as specifically
contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in Section 7.2 of the Morgan
Disclosure Memorandum, Morgan covenants and agrees that it will not do or
agree or commit to do, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do or agree
or commit to do, any of the following without the prior written consent of
Regions, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld:   (a) amend the
Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or other governing  instruments of any
Morgan Company; or   (b) incur, guarantee, or otherwise become responsible
for, any  additional debt obligation or other obligation for borrowed money
(other  than indebtedness of a Morgan Company to another Morgan Company) in
excess  of an aggregate of $5,000,000 (for the Morgan Companies on a
consolidated  basis), except in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past  practices (which shall include entry into repurchase agreements or
other  fully secured securities), or impose, or suffer the imposition, on
any  asset of any Morgan Company of any material Lien, except in the
ordinary  course of business consistent with past practices; or   (c)
except as contemplated by Section 7.1 of this Agreement,  repurchase, redeem,
or otherwise acquire or exchange (other than exchanges  in the ordinary
course under employee benefit plans), directly or  indirectly, any shares, or
any securities convertible into any shares, of  the capital stock of any
Morgan Company, or declare or pay any dividend or  make any other
distribution in respect of Morgan\'s capital stock; provided  that Morgan may
(to the extent legally able to do so), but shall not be  obligated to declare
and pay regular quarterly cash dividends on the Morgan  Common Stock in an
amount per share and with the usual and regular record  and payment dates as
disclosed in Section 7.2(c) of the Morgan Disclosure  Memorandum, and
provided, that, notwithstanding the provisions of Section  1.3 of this
Agreement, the Parties shall cooperate in selecting the  Effective Time to
ensure that, with respect to the quarterly period in  which the Effective
Time occurs, the holders of Morgan Common Stock do not  become entitled to
receive both a dividend in respect of their Morgan  Common Stock and a
dividend in respect of their Regions Common Stock or  fail to be entitled to
receive any dividends; or   22  28   (d) except (i) for this Agreement,
(ii) for Permitted Issuances, or  (iii) pursuant to the exercise of Rights
outstanding as of the date of this  Agreement and pursuant to the terms
thereof in existence on the date of  this Agreement, (1) issue, sell, pledge,
encumber, authorize the issuance  of, (2) enter into any Contract to issue,
sell, pledge, encumber, or  authorize the issuance of, or (3) otherwise
permit to become outstanding,  any additional shares of Morgan Common Stock
or any capital stock of any  Morgan Company, or any stock appreciation
rights, or any option, warrant,  conversion, or other right to acquire any
such stock, or any security  convertible into any such stock; or   (e)
adjust, split, combine, or reclassify any capital stock of any  Morgan
Company or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities  in
respect of or in substitution for shares of Morgan Common Stock (other  than
upon the exercise of existing Rights), or sell, lease, mortgage, or 
otherwise dispose of or otherwise encumber (i) any shares of capital stock 
of any Morgan Subsidiary (unless any such shares of stock are sold or 
otherwise transferred to another Morgan Company), or (ii) any asset other 
than in the ordinary course of business for reasonable and adequate 
consideration and other than dispositions in the ordinary course of  business
consistent with past practice; or   (f) purchase any securities or make any
material investment in any  Person, except for (i) investments in trading
account securities, venture  capital, or other funds, (ii) securities held
available for sale, (iii)  client margin agreements, (iv) securities acquired
pursuant to underwriting  agreements in which Morgan participated as an
underwriter or dealer, (v)  securities acquired as a result of debts owing to
Morgan or the Morgan  Subsidiaries by their customers, (vi) securities
lending, or borrowing  arrangements, (vii) securities acquired in arbitrage,
hedging, forward, or  futures transactions, and (viii) acquisitions of money
managers, in each  case, in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice,  either by purchase of stock or securities, contributions
to capital, asset  transfers, or purchase of any assets, in any Person other
than a  wholly-owned Morgan Subsidiary, or otherwise acquire direct or
indirect  control over any Person, other than in connection with (1)
acquisitions of  control by a depository institution Subsidiary in its
fiduciary capacity,  or (2) the creation of new Subsidiaries or funds
organized to conduct or  continue activities in the ordinary course of
business; or   (g) (i) grant any increase in compensation or benefits to
the  employees, officers, or directors of any Morgan Company, except as
required  by Law, (ii) pay any severance or termination pay or any bonus
other than  pursuant to written policies or written Contracts in effect on
the date of  this Agreement, or (iii) enter into or amend any severance
agreements with  officers of any Morgan Company; or   (h) enter into or
amend any employment Contract between any Morgan  Company and any Person
(unless such amendment is required by Law) that the  Morgan Company does not
have the unconditional right to terminate without  Liability (other than
Liability for services already rendered and in  accordance with the Morgan
Benefit Plans), at any time on or after the  Effective Time; or   (i) adopt
any new employee benefit plan of any Morgan Company or make  any material
change in or to any existing employee benefit plans of any  Morgan Company
other than any such change that is required by Law or that,  in the opinion
of counsel, is necessary or advisable to maintain the tax  qualified status
of any such plan; or   (j) make any significant change in any Tax or
accounting methods,  material elections, or systems of internal accounting
controls, except as  may be appropriate to conform to changes in Tax Laws or
regulatory  accounting requirements or GAAP; or   (k) except as Morgan may
deem necessary to enforce its rights under  this Agreement, commence any
Litigation other than as deemed necessary or  advisable in the good faith
judgment of management for the prudent  operation of its business or settle
any Litigation involving any Liability  of any Morgan Company for material
money damages or restrictions upon the  operations of any Morgan Company;
or   (l) except in the ordinary course of business, modify, amend, or 
terminate any material Contract or waive, release, compromise, or assign  any
material rights or claims; or   23  29   (m) except as and to the extent
required, based upon the written  advice of counsel, in the exercise of the
fiduciary obligations of Morgan  or a Morgan Subsidiary to any Morgan
Investment Company, request that any  action be taken by any Fund Board,
other than routine actions that would  not reasonably likely have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect on Morgan or any
Morgan Investment Company; or   (n) (i) enter into any new line of business,
or (ii) except in the  ordinary course of business, materially restructure or
materially change  (1) its investment securities portfolio (except as a
result of maturities,  redemptions, calls, or similar events affecting the
securities held,  provided that any such restructuring change does not result
in a material  change to the credit or risk concentrations of Morgan and the
Morgan  Subsidiaries), (2) its hedging strategy, or (3) its gap position
(except as  a result of maturities, redemptions, calls, or other similar
events  affecting the securities held, provided that any such restructuring
or  change does not result in a material change to the credit or risk 
concentrations of Morgan and the Morgan Subsidiaries as of the date of such 
restructuring or change), through purchases, sales, or otherwise.   7.3
Adverse Changes in Condition. Each Party agrees to give written
notice promptly to the other Party upon becoming aware of the occurrence or
impending occurrence of any event or circumstance relating to it or any of
its Subsidiaries which (i) is reasonably likely to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on it, or (ii) would cause or
constitute a material breach of any of its representations, warranties, or
covenants contained herein, and to use its reasonable efforts to prevent or
promptly to remedy the same.   7.4 Reports. Each Party and its Subsidiaries
shall file all reports required to be filed by it with Regulatory Authorities
between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time and shall deliver
to the other Party copies of all such reports promptly after the same are
filed.   ARTICLE 8   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   8.1 Registration Statement;
Proxy Statement; Stockholder Approval. As soon as reasonably practicable
after execution of this Agreement, Regions shall file the Registration
Statement with the SEC, and shall use its reasonable efforts to cause the
Registration Statement to become effective under the 1933 Act and take any
action required to be taken under the applicable state Blue Sky or securities
Laws in connection with the issuance of the shares of Regions Common Stock
upon consummation of the Merger. Morgan shall furnish all
information concerning it and the holders of its capital stock as Regions may
reasonably request for inclusion in the Registration Statement. Morgan shall
call a Stockholders\' Meeting, to be held as soon as reasonably practicable
after the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC, for the
purpose of voting upon approval of this Agreement and such other related
matters as it deems appropriate. In connection with the Stockholders\'
Meeting, (i) Morgan shall prepare and file with the SEC a Proxy Statement and
mail such Proxy Statement to its stockholders, (ii) the Parties shall furnish
to each other all information concerning them that they may reasonably
request in connection with such Proxy Statement, (iii) the Board of Directors
of Morgan shall recommend to its stockholders the approval of the matters
submitted for approval, and (iv) the Board of Directors of Morgan shall use
its reasonable efforts to obtain such stockholders\' approval, provided that
Morgan may withdraw, modify, or change in an adverse manner to Regions its
recommendations if the Board of Directors of Morgan, after having consulted
with and based upon the advice of outside counsel, determines in good faith
that the failure to so withdraw, modify, or change its recommendation could
reasonably constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties of Morgan\'s Board of
Directors under applicable Law. In addition, nothing in this Section 8.1 or
elsewhere in this Agreement shall prohibit accurate disclosure by Morgan of
information that is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement or
the Proxy Statement or in any other document required to be filed with the
SEC (including, without limitation, a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement
on Schedule 14D-9) or otherwise required to be publicly disclosed by
applicable Law or regulations or rules of the NASD.   24  30   8.2
Applications. Regions shall promptly prepare and file, and Morgan shall
cooperate in the preparation and, where appropriate, filing of, applications
with all Regulatory Authorities having jurisdiction over the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement seeking the requisite Consents necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Regions will
promptly furnish to Morgan copies of applications filed with all
Regulatory Authorities and copies of written communications received by
Regions from any Regulatory Authorities with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby. Each of Regions and Morgan agrees that it will consult
with the other Party thereto with respect to the obtaining of all material
Consents necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each Party will keep the other Party apprised of the
status of material matters relating to completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   8.3 Filings with State Offices. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Regions shall execute and file
the Delaware Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware and the Tennessee Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State
of the State of Tennessee in connection with the Closing.   8.4 Agreement
as to Efforts to Consummate. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each Party agrees to use, and to cause its Subsidiaries to use,
its reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do,
or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper, or advisable under
applicable Laws to consummate and make effective, as soon as reasonably
practicable after the date of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, including, without limitation, using its reasonable
efforts to lift or rescind any Order adversely affecting its ability to
consummate the transactions contemplated herein and to cause to be
satisfied the conditions referred to in Article 9 of this Agreement;
provided, that nothing herein shall preclude either Party from exercising its
rights under this Agreement. Each Party shall use, and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to use, its reasonable efforts to obtain as promptly as
practicable all Consents necessary or desirable for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   8.5 Investigation and
Confidentiality. (a) Prior to the Effective Time, each Party shall keep the
other Party advised of all material developments relevant to its business and
to consummation of the Merger and shall permit the other Party to make or
cause to be made such investigation of the business and properties of it and
its Subsidiaries and of their respective financial and legal conditions as
the other Party reasonably requests, provided that such investigation shall
be reasonably related to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not
interfere unnecessarily with normal operations. No investigation by a Party
shall affect the representations and warranties of the other Party.   (b)
Each Party shall, and shall cause its advisers and agents to, maintain the
confidentiality of all confidential information furnished to it by the
other Party concerning its and its Subsidiaries\' businesses, operations, and
financial positions to the extent required by, and in accordance with
confidentiality agreements between the Parties, and shall not use such
information for any purpose except in furtherance of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated prior to the
Effective Time, each Party shall promptly return or certify the destruction
of all documents and copies thereof, and all work papers containing
confidential information received from the other Party.   (c) Each Party
agrees to give the other Party notice as soon as practicable after any
determination by it of any fact or occurrence relating to the other Party
which it has discovered through the course of its investigation and
which represents, or is reasonably likely to represent, either a material
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement of the other
Party or which has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the other Party; provided, however, that the giving of such notice
shall not be dispositive of the occurrence of such breach or a Material
Adverse Effect.   (d) Neither Party nor any of their respective Subsidiaries
shall be required to provide access to or to disclose information where such
access or disclosure would violate or prejudice the rights of its customers,
jeopardize the attorney-client or similar privilege with respect to such
information or contravene any Law, rule, regulation, Order, judgment, decree,
fiduciary duty, or agreement entered into prior to the date of this   25 
31  Agreement. The Parties will use their reasonable efforts to make
appropriate substitute disclosure arrangements, to the extent practicable, in
circumstances in which the restrictions of the preceding sentence apply.  
8.6 Press Releases. Prior to the Effective Time, Regions and Morgan
shall consult with each other as to the form and substance of any press
release materially related to this Agreement or any other transaction
contemplated hereby; provided, that nothing in this Section 8.6 shall be
deemed to prohibit any Party from making any disclosure which its counsel
deems necessary or advisable in order to satisfy such Party\'s disclosure
obligations imposed by Law.   8.7 No Solicitation. Except with respect to
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, Morgan agrees that
it shall not, and shall use its reasonable efforts to cause its officers,
directors, agents, Affiliates, and Representatives not to, directly or
indirectly, initiate, solicit, encourage or knowingly facilitate (including
by way of furnishing confidential information) any inquiries or the making of
any Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
Morgan and its Board of Directors shall be permitted (i) to the extent
applicable, to comply with Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the
1934 Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) to engage in any
discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any Person
in response to an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal by any
such Person, if and only to the extent that (a) Morgan\'s Board of Directors
concludes in good faith and consistent with its fiduciary duties to Morgan\'s
stockholders under applicable Law that such Acquisition Proposal
could reasonably be expected to result in a Superior Proposal, (b) prior to
providing any information or data to any Person in connection with an
Acquisition Proposal by any such Person, Morgan\'s Board of Directors
receives from such Person an executed confidentiality agreement containing
terms at least as stringent as those contained in the Morgan Confidentiality
Agreement, and (c) prior to providing any information or data to any Person
or entering into discussions or negotiations with any Person, Morgan\'s Board
of Directors notifies Regions promptly of such inquiries, proposals, or
offers received by, any such information requested from, or any such
discussions or negotiations sought to be initiated or continued with, any of
its Representatives indicating, in connection with such notice, the name of
such Person and the material terms and conditions of any inquiries, proposals
or offers. Morgan agrees that it will promptly keep Regions informed of the
status and terms of any such proposals or offers and the status and terms of
any such discussions or negotiations. Morgan agrees that it will, and will
cause its officers, directors and Representatives to, immediately cease and
cause to be terminated any activities, discussions, or negotiations existing
as of the date of this Agreement with any parties conducted heretofore with
respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Morgan agrees that it will use
reasonable best efforts to promptly inform its directors, officers, key
employees, agents, and Representatives of the obligations undertaken in this
Section 8.7. Nothing in this Section 8.7 shall (i) permit Morgan to terminate
this Agreement (except as specifically provided in Article 10 of this
Agreement) or (ii) affect any other obligation of Regions or Morgan under
this Agreement.   8.8 Tax Treatment. Each of the Parties undertakes and
agrees to use its reasonable efforts to cause the Merger, and to take no
action which would cause the Merger not, to qualify for treatment as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code for federal income tax purposes.   8.9 Agreement of Affiliates. Morgan
has disclosed in Section 8.9 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum each Person
whom it reasonably believes may be deemed an "affiliate" of Morgan for
purposes of Rule 145 under the 1933 Act. Morgan shall use its reasonable
efforts to cause each such Person to deliver to Regions not later than the
Effective Time, a written agreement, in substantially the form of Exhibit 3,
providing that such Person will not sell, pledge, transfer, or otherwise
dispose of the shares of Morgan Common Stock held by such Person except as
contemplated by such agreement or by this Agreement and will not sell,
pledge, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the shares of Regions Common Stock
to be received by such Person upon consummation of the Merger except
in compliance with applicable provisions of the 1933 Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder. Shares of Regions Common Stock issued to such
affiliates of Morgan in exchange for shares of Morgan Common Stock shall not
be transferable, regardless of whether each such affiliate has provided the
written agreement referred to in this Section 8.9 (and Regions shall be
entitled to place restrictive legends upon certificates for shares of Regions
Common Stock issued to affiliates of Morgan pursuant to this Agreement to
enforce the provisions of this Section 8.9), except as provided   26 
32  herein. Regions shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement under the 1933 Act for the purposes of resale of
Regions Common Stock by such affiliates.   8.10 Employee Benefits and
Contracts. (a) Following the Effective Time, Regions at its election shall
either (i) provide generally to officers and employees of the Morgan
Companies, who at or after the Effective Time become employees of a Regions
Company ("Continuing Employees"), employee benefits under employee benefit
plans, on terms and conditions which when taken as a whole are substantially
similar to those currently provided by the Regions Companies to their
similarly situated officers and employees, or (ii) maintain for the benefit
of the Continuing Employees, the employee benefits plans maintained by Morgan
and/or any Morgan Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective
Time, provided that after the Effective Time there is no material
reduction (determined on an overall basis) in the benefits provided under the
Morgan employee benefit plans.   (b) In the case of Regions\' election to
provide employee benefits under Section 8.10(a)(i) of this Agreement, for
purposes of participation and vesting (but not accrual of benefits) under
Regions\' employee benefit plans, (i) service under any qualified defined
benefit plans of any Morgan Company or any of its predecessors shall be
treated as service under Regions\' qualified defined benefit plans, (ii)
service under any qualified defined contribution plans of any Morgan Company
or any of its predecessors shall be treated as service under Regions\'
qualified defined contribution plans, and (iii) service under any
other employee benefit plans of any Morgan Company or any of its predecessors
shall be treated as service under any similar employee benefit plans
maintained by Regions. Regions shall cause the Regions welfare benefit plans
that cover the Continuing Employees after the Effective Time to (i) waive any
waiting period and restrictions and limitations for preexisting conditions or
insurability (except for pre-existing conditions that were excluded under
Morgan\'s welfare benefit plans), and (ii) cause any deductible, co-
insurance, or maximum out-of- pocket payments made by the Continuing
Employees under Morgan\'s welfare benefit plans to be credited to such
Continuing Employees under the Regions welfare benefit plans, so as to reduce
the amount of any deductible, co-insurance, or maximum out-of-pocket payments
payable by the Continuing Employees under the Regions welfare benefit plans.
The continued coverage of the Continuing Employees under the employee
benefits plans maintained by Morgan and/or any Morgan Subsidiary immediately
prior to the Effective Time during a transition period continuing for a
reasonable period of time after the Effective Time shall be deemed to provide
the Continuing Employees with benefits that are no less favorable than those
offered to other employees of Regions and its Subsidiaries, provided that
after the Effective Time there is no material reduction (determined on an
overall basis) in the benefits provided under the Morgan employee benefit
plans.   (c) Regions shall and shall cause Morgan and its Subsidiaries to
honor all employment, severance, consulting, and other compensation Contracts
disclosed in Sections 7.2 or 8.10 of the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum to
Regions between any Morgan Company and any current or former director,
officer, or employee thereof, and all provisions for vested benefits or other
vested amounts earned or accrued through the Effective Time under the Morgan
Benefit Plans. Regions shall be responsible for the fees related to the
termination of the Morgan Benefit Plans.   8.11 Indemnification. (a) From
and after the Effective Time, in the event of any threatened or actual claim,
action, suit, proceeding, or investigation, whether civil, criminal, or
administrative, including, without limitation, any such claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation in which any person who is now, or has been at
any time prior to the date of this Agreement, or who becomes prior to the
Effective Time, a director or officer of Morgan or any Morgan Subsidiary (the
"Indemnified Parties") is, or is threatened to be, made a party based in
whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to
(i) the fact that he is or was a director, officer, or employee of Morgan,
any of the Morgan Subsidiaries, or any of their respective predecessors, or
(ii) this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby,
whether in any case asserted or arising before or after the Effective Time,
Regions shall indemnify and hold harmless, as and to the fullest extent
permitted by Law, each such Indemnified Party against any Liability
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses in advance of the final
disposition of any claim, suit, proceeding, or investigation to each
Indemnified Party to the fullest extent permitted by Law upon receipt of any
undertaking required by applicable Law), judgments, fines, and amounts paid
in settlement in connection with any such threatened or actual claim, action,
suit, proceeding, or investigation, and in the event of any such threatened
or actual claim,  27  33  action, suit, proceeding, or investigation
(whether asserted or arising before or after the Effective Time), the
Indemnified Parties may retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to them;
provided, however, that (a) Regions shall have the right to assume the
defense thereof and upon such assumption Regions shall not be liable to any
Indemnified Party for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other
expenses subsequently incurred by any Indemnified Party in connection with
the defense thereof, except that if Regions elects not to assume such defense
or counsel for the Indemnified Parties reasonably advises the Indemnified
Parties that there are issues which raise conflicts of interest between
Regions and the Indemnified Parties, the Indemnified Parties may
retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to them, and Regions shall pay the
reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Parties, (b)
Regions shall not be liable for any settlement effected without its prior
written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), and (c)
Regions shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnified Party when and
if a court of competent jurisdiction shall ultimately determine, and such
determination shall have become final and nonappealable, that indemnification
of such Indemnified Party in the manner contemplated hereby is prohibited by
applicable Law. Regions\' obligations under this Section 8.11(a) continue in
full force and effect for a period of six years after the Effective Time;
provided, however, that all rights to indemnification in respect of any claim
(a "Claim") asserted or made within such period shall continue until the
final disposition of such Claim.   (b) Regions agrees that all rights to
indemnification and all limitations on Liability existing in favor of the
directors, officers, and employees of Morgan and its Subsidiaries (the
"Covered Parties") as provided in their respective Articles of Incorporation,
Bylaws, or similar governing instruments as in effect as of the date of this
Agreement with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time shall
survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect, and shall be
honored by such entities or their respective successors as if they were the
indemnifying party thereunder, without any amendment thereto, for a period of
six years after the Effective Time; provided, however, that all rights to
indemnification in respect of any Claim asserted or made within such period
shall continue until the final disposition of such Claim; provided, further,
however, that nothing contained in this Section 8.11(b) shall be deemed to
preclude the liquidation, consolidation, or merger of Morgan or any Morgan
Subsidiary, in which case all of such rights to indemnification and
limitations on Liability shall be deemed to so survive and continue
notwithstanding any such liquidation, consolidation, or merger.
Without limiting the foregoing, in any case in which approval by Regions is
required to effectuate any indemnification, Regions shall direct, at the
election of the Indemnified Party, that the determination of any such
approval shall be made by independent counsel mutually agreed upon between
Regions and the Indemnified Party.   (c) Regions, from and after the
Effective Time, will directly or indirectly cause the persons who served as
directors or officers of Morgan at or before the Effective Time to be covered
by Morgan\'s existing directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy
(provided that Regions may substitute therefor policies of at least the same
coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which are not less
advantageous than such policy). Such insurance coverage, shall commence at
the Effective Time and will be provided for a period of no less than three
years after the Effective Time.   (d) If Regions or any of its successors or
assigns shall consolidate with or merge into any other Person and shall not
be the continuing or surviving Person of such consolidation or merger or
shall transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any Person, then and
in each case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of Regions shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section
8.11.   (e) The provisions of this Section 8.11 are intended to be for the
benefit of and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her
heirs and representatives.   8.12 Exemption from Liability Under Section
16(b). If Morgan delivers to Regions in a timely fashion prior to the
Effective Time accurate information regarding those officers and directors of
Morgan subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act
(the "Morgan Insiders"), the number of shares of Morgan Common Stock held or
to be held by each such Morgan Insider expected to be exchanged for the
Regions Common Stock in the Merger, and the number and description of the
options to purchase shares of Morgan Common Stock held by each such Morgan
Insider and expected to be converted into options to purchase the Regions
Common Stock in the Merger, the Board of Directors of Regions, or a committee
of   28  34  non-employee directors thereof (as such term is defined for
purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the 1934 Act), shall reasonably promptly
thereafter, and in any event prior to the Effective Time, adopt a resolution
providing that the receipt by the Morgan Insiders of the Regions Common Stock
in exchange for shares of Morgan Common Stock, and of options to purchase
shares of the Regions Corporation Common Stock upon conversion of options to
purchase Morgan Common Stock, in each case pursuant to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and to the extent such securities are listed
in the information provided by Morgan, are approved by such Board of
Directors or by such committee thereof, and are intended to be exempt from
Liability pursuant to Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act, such that any such
receipt shall be so exempt. Morgan shall take all such steps as may be
required to cause the transactions contemplated by Section 3.5 of this
Agreement and any other dispositions of Morgan equity securities (including
derivative securities) in connection with this Agreement by each individual
who is a director or officer of Morgan to be exempt under Rule
16b-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act.   8.13 Investment Companies. If the
Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby constitute a deemed
"assignment" (as defined in the Investment Company Act and the investment
Advisers Act) of the advisory agreement with any Morgan Investment
Company:   (a) Morgan shall, and shall use all reasonable efforts to cause
the  Morgan Subsidiaries to, use all reasonable efforts to obtain approval
of  each Fund Board, pursuant to and in conformity with, Section 15(a)(4)
of  the Investment Company Act and SEC Rule 15a-4 promulgated under the 
Investment Company Act of an interim investment advisory agreement for such 
Investment Company with a Regions Subsidiary serving as adviser or 
subadviser, having the same advisory fees in effect as of the date hereof 
and becoming effective prior to the Effective Time, and which agreement  will
be in a form satisfying the requirements of Rule  15a-4(b)(2)(iv) - (vi).  
(b) In addition to taking the actions specified in Section 8.13(a),  Morgan
shall, and shall use all reasonable efforts to cause the Morgan  Subsidiaries
to cooperate with Regions and use all reasonable efforts to  obtain, at the
sole expense of Regions, and to cause each Morgan Investment  Company to
obtain, as promptly as practicable but in no case later than 150  days after
the execution of the interim investment advisory agreement, the  approval of
such Fund Board and its stockholders, pursuant to and in  conformity with the
provisions of Section 15 of the Investment Company Act  and SEC rules
thereunder applicable thereto, of a new Investment Company  advisory
agreement for such Morgan Investment Company with a Regions  Subsidiary
serving as adviser or subadviser, such agreement having the  terms that are
in the aggregate no less favorable to Regions than the  existing
agreement.   (c) Morgan and the Morgan Subsidiaries shall cooperate with
Regions  and (i) use all reasonable efforts to cause to be obtained all
consents and  approvals necessary to be obtained by Morgan, any Morgan
Subsidiary or each  Morgan Investment Company in order for the Parties to
consummate the  transactions contemplated by this Section 8.13, (ii) use all
reasonable  efforts to cause each Morgan Investment Company and its
stockholders to  give or obtain any such consents or approvals relating to
such Morgan  Investment Company and to use all reasonable efforts to cause
each Morgan  Investment Company to prepare, file with and obtain clearance
from the SEC  and all other Regulatory Authorities having jurisdiction, as
promptly as  practicable after the date hereof, all proxy solicitation
material required  to be filed with the SEC and all other Regulatory
Authorities and  distributed to the stockholders of such Morgan Investment
Company with  respect to the actions to be approved by the stockholders of
such Morgan  Investment Company in connection with this Agreement, and (iii)
use all  reasonable efforts to cause such Morgan Investment Company to mail
such  proxy solicitation materials to such stockholders promptly after
clearance  thereof by the SEC and to convene a meeting of the stockholders of
such  Morgan Investment Company as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
mailing of the proposal as described in subsection (ii) hereof, all such 
consents and proxy solicitation materials to be in form reasonably 
satisfactory to Regions, which shall reimburse, as incurred, all expenses  of
Morgan and the Morgan Subsidiaries in connection with such matters. The 
Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to assure the satisfaction of the 
conditions set forth in Section 15(f) of the Investment Company Act with 
respect to each Morgan Investment Company.   29  35   8.14 Management
Contract Consents. As soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof,
Morgan shall, and shall cause any Morgan Subsidiary that is a registered
investment adviser (each an "Adviser") to inform its investment advisory
clients of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and request each
such client\'s written consent to the deemed assignment of its
management contract resulting from the change in ownership of Morgan and the
relevant Adviser resulting from the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and use all reasonable efforts to obtain such consent on or before
the Effective Time. While Morgan shall request affirmative written consents
from each Adviser\'s clients to such deemed assignment, a negative consent
will constitute valid consent to the extent permitted by applicable Law and
the applicable management contract if (i) a negative consent is not expressly
prohibited by the management contract (for purposes of this Agreement, it is
assumed that, unless an agreement expressly requires written consent to an
"assignment" as defined under the Investment Advisers Act, then such
"negative consent" or "silence" is permissible hereunder and thereunder),
(ii) a notice describing the change in control and the negative consent
substantially in form reasonably acceptable to Regions and Morgan is sent to
each client, and (iii) 60 days elapse from the date that notice is received
at the client\'s office during which period the client continues to have its
account managed by the applicable Adviser.   8.15 Retention Program. At the
Effective Time, Regions will establish a retention pool to be used to retain
key employees of Morgan as set forth in Section 8.15 of the Morgan Disclosure
Memorandum.   ARTICLE 9   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS TO
CONSUMMATE   9.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party. The respective
obligations of each Party to perform this Agreement and to consummate the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions, unless waived by both Parties
pursuant to Section 11.6 of this Agreement:   (a) Stockholder Approval. The
stockholders of Morgan shall have  approved this Agreement as and to the
extent required by Law and by the  provisions of any governing
instruments.   (b) Regulatory Approvals. All Consents of, filings and
registrations  with, and notifications to (including the effectiveness of the
declaration  of election of financial holding company status by Regions), all
Regulatory  Authorities required for consummation of the Merger shall have
been  obtained or made and shall be in full force and effect and all
waiting  periods required by Law shall have expired. No Consent obtained from
any  Regulatory Authority which is necessary to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby shall be conditioned or restricted in a manner which 
would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time.   (c) Consents and
Approvals. Each Party shall have obtained any and  all Consents required for
consummation of the Merger (other than those  referred to in Section 9.1(b)
of this Agreement) or for the preventing of  any Default under any Contract
or Permit of such Party which, if not  obtained or made, is reasonably likely
to have, individually or in the  aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on such
Party after the Effective  Time.   (d) Legal Proceedings. No court or
governmental or Regulatory  Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have
enacted, issued,  promulgated, enforced, or entered any Law or Order (whether
temporary,  preliminary, or permanent) which is then in effect which
prohibits,  restrains, or makes illegal consummation of the transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement.   (e) Registration Statement. The
Registration Statement shall be  effective under the 1933 Act, no stop orders
suspending the effectiveness  of the Registration Statement shall have been
issued, no action, suit,  proceeding, or investigation by the SEC to suspend
the effectiveness  thereof shall have been initiated and be continuing.  
(f) Tax Opinion. Regions and Morgan shall have received a written  opinion
from Alston and Bird LLP and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz,  respectively, in
a form reasonably satisfactory to such Party  30  36   (the "Tax
Opinions"), dated the date of the Effective Time, substantially  to the
effect that, (i) the Merger will constitute a reorganization within  the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, (ii) no gain or  loss
will be recognized by holders of Morgan Common Stock who exchange all  of
their Morgan Common Stock solely for Regions Common Stock pursuant to  the
Merger (except with respect to any cash received in lieu of a  fractional
share interest in Regions Common Stock), (iii) the tax basis of  the Regions
Common Stock received (including fractional shares deemed  received and
redeemed) by holders of Morgan Common Stock who exchange all  of their Morgan
Common Stock solely for Regions Common Stock in the Merger  will be the same
as the tax basis of the Morgan Common Stock surrendered in  exchange for the
Regions Common Stock, and (iv) the holding period of the  Regions Common
Stock received (including fractional shares deemed received  and redeemed) by
holders who exchange all of their Morgan Common Stock  solely for Regions
Common Stock in the Merger will be the same as the  holding period of the
Morgan Common Stock surrendered in exchange therefor,  provided that such
Morgan Common Stock is held as a capital asset at the  Effective Time. In
rendering such Tax Opinions, such counsel shall be  entitled to rely upon
representations of officers of Morgan and Regions  reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to such counsel.   9.2 Conditions to Obligations of
Regions. The obligations of Regions to perform this Agreement and consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions, unless waived by Regions pursuant
to Section 11.6(a) of this Agreement:   (a) Representations and Warranties.
For purposes of this Section  9.2(a), the accuracy of the representations and
warranties of Morgan set  forth in this Agreement shall be assessed as of the
date of this Agreement  and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as
though all such  representations and warranties had been made on and as of
the Effective  Time (provided that representations and warranties which speak
as of the  date of this Agreement or some other date shall speak only as of
such  date). The representations and warranties of Morgan set forth in
Sections  5.2(a) and 5.3 of this Agreement shall be true and correct (except
for  inaccuracies which are de minimis in amount). The representations and 
warranties of Morgan set forth in Sections 5.19, 5.21, and 5.22 of this 
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects. There shall 
not exist inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of Morgan set 
forth in this Agreement (including the representations and warranties set 
forth in Sections 5.2(a), 5.3, 5.19, 5.21, and 5.22 of this Agreement) such 
that the aggregate effect of such inaccuracies has, or is reasonably likely 
to have, a Material Adverse Effect on Morgan; provided that, for purposes  of
this sentence only, those representations and warranties which are  qualified
by references to "material," "Material Adverse Effect," or  variations
thereof, or to the "Knowledge" of Morgan or to a matter being  "known" by
Morgan shall be deemed not to include such qualifications.   (b) Performance
of Agreements and Covenants. Each and all of the  agreements and covenants of
Morgan to be performed and complied with  pursuant to this Agreement and the
other agreements contemplated hereby  prior to the Effective Time shall have
been duly performed and complied  with in all material respects.   (c)
Certificates. Morgan shall have delivered to Regions (i) a  certificate,
dated as of the Effective Time and signed on Morgan\'s behalf  by its duly
authorized officers, to the effect that the conditions set  forth in Sections
9.2(a) and 9.2(b) of this Agreement have been satisfied,  and (ii) certified
copies of resolutions duly adopted by (1) Morgan\'s Board  of Directors
evidencing the taking of all corporate action necessary to  authorize the
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, and  the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (2) Morgan\'s  stockholders
evidencing the approval of this Agreement, all in such  reasonable detail as
Regions and its counsel shall request.   9.3 Conditions to Obligations of
Morgan. The obligations of Morgan to perform this Agreement and consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions, unless waived by Morgan pursuant to
Section 11.6(b) of this Agreement:   (a) Representations and Warranties. For
purposes of this Section  9.3(a), the accuracy of the representations and
warranties of Regions set  forth in this Agreement shall be assessed as of
the date of this Agreement  and as of the Effective Time with the same effect
as though all such  representations and  31  37   warranties had been
made on and as of the Effective Time (provided that  representations and
warranties which speak as of the date of this Agreement  or some other date
shall speak only as of such date). The representations  and warranties of
Regions set forth in Sections 6.2(a) and 6.3 of this  Agreement shall be true
and correct (except for inaccuracies which are de  minimis in amount). The
representations and warranties of Regions set forth  in Sections 6.13, 6.15,
and 6.16 of this Agreement shall be true and  correct in all material
respects. There shall not exist inaccuracies in the  representations and
warranties of Regions set forth in this Agreement  (including the
representations and warranties set forth in Sections 6.2(a),  6.3, 6.13,
6.15, and 6.16 of this Agreement) such that the aggregate effect  of such
inaccuracies has, or is reasonably likely to have, a Material  Adverse Effect
on Regions; provided that, for purposes of this sentence  only, those
representations and warranties which are qualified by  references to
"material," "Material Adverse Effect," or variations thereof,  or to the
"Knowledge" of Regions or to a matter being "known" by Regions  shall be
deemed not to include such qualifications.   (b) Performance of Agreements
and Covenants. Each and all of the  agreements and covenants of Regions to be
performed and complied with  pursuant to this Agreement and the other
agreements contemplated hereby  prior to the Effective Time shall have been
duly performed and complied  with in all material respects.   (c)
Certificates. Regions shall have delivered to Morgan (i) a  certificate,
dated as of the Effective Time and signed on Regions\' behalf  by its duly
authorized officers, to the effect that the conditions set  forth in Sections
9.3(a) and 9.3(b) of this Agreement have been satisfied,  and (ii) certified
copies of resolutions duly adopted by Regions\' Board of  Directors
evidencing the taking of all corporate action necessary to  authorize the
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, and  the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, all in such  reasonable detail as
Morgan and its counsel shall request.   ARTICLE 10   TERMINATION   10.1
Termination. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and
notwithstanding the approval of this Agreement by the stockholders of Morgan,
this Agreement may be terminated and the Merger abandoned at any time prior
to the Effective Time:   (a) By mutual consent of the Board of Directors of
Regions and the  Board of Directors of Morgan; or   (b) By the Board of
Directors of either Party (provided that the  terminating Party is not then
in breach of any representation or warranty  contained in this Agreement
under the applicable standard set forth in  Section 9.2(a) of this Agreement
in the case of Morgan and Section 9.3(a)  of this Agreement in the case of
Regions or in material breach of any  covenant or other agreement contained
in this Agreement) in the event of an  inaccuracy of any representation or
warranty of the other Party contained  in this Agreement which cannot be or
has not been cured within 30 days  after the giving of written notice to the
breaching Party of such  inaccuracy and which inaccuracy would provide the
terminating Party the  ability to refuse to consummate the Merger under the
applicable standard  set forth in Section 9.2(a) of this Agreement in the
case of Morgan and  Section 9.3(a) of this Agreement in the case of Regions;
or   (c) By the Board of Directors of either Party (provided that the 
terminating Party is not then in breach of any representation or warranty 
contained in this Agreement under the applicable standard set forth in 
Section 9.2(a) of this Agreement in the case of Morgan and Section 9.3(a)  in
the case of Regions or in material breach of any covenant or other  agreement
contained in this Agreement) in the event of a material breach by  the other
Party of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement  which cannot
be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of  written notice
to the breaching Party of such breach; or   32  38   (d) By the Board of
Directors of either Party in the event (i) any  Consent of any Regulatory
Authority required for consummation of the Merger  and the other transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been denied by  final nonappealable action of
such authority, or (ii) the stockholders of  Morgan fail to vote their
approval of this Agreement at the Stockholders\'  Meeting where this
Agreement was presented to such stockholders for  approval and voted upon;
or   (e) By the Board of Directors of either Party in the event that the 
Merger shall not have been consummated by August 31, 2001, if the failure  to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on or before such date  is
not caused by any breach of this Agreement by the Party electing to 
terminate pursuant to this Section 10.1(e).   10.2 Effect of Termination. In
the event of the termination and abandonment of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 10.1 of this Agreement, this Agreement shall become void and have no
effect, and none of Regions, Morgan, any of their respective Subsidiaries, or
any of the officers or directors of any of them, shall have any Liability of
any nature whatsoever hereunder or in conjunction with the transactions
contemplated hereby, except that (i) the provisions of Section 8.5(b) of this
Agreement, this Section 10.2, Section 10.3, and Article 11 of this Agreement
shall survive any such termination and abandonment, and (ii) a termination of
this Agreement shall not relieve the breaching Party from Liability for an
uncured willful breach of a representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement
of such Party contained in this Agreement. The Termination Fee Agreement
shall be governed by its terms as to its termination.   10.3 Non-Survival
of Representations and Covenants. The respective representations, warranties,
obligations, covenants, and agreements of the Parties shall not survive the
Effective Time, except for those covenants and agreements which by their
terms apply in whole or in part after the Effective Time.   ARTICLE 11  
MISCELLANEOUS   11.1 Definitions. (a) Except as otherwise provided herein,
the capitalized terms set forth below shall have the following meanings:  
"Acquisition Proposal" with respect to a Party shall mean any tender  offer
or exchange offer or any proposal for a merger, acquisition of all of  the
stock or assets of, or other business combination involving such Party  or
any of its Subsidiaries or the acquisition of a substantial equity  interest
in, or a substantial portion of the assets of, such Party or any  of its
Subsidiaries.   "Affiliate" of a Person shall mean any other Person
directly, or  indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controlling,
controlled by  or under common control with such Person.   "Agreement"
shall mean this Agreement and Plan of Merger, including  the Exhibits
delivered pursuant hereto and incorporated herein by  reference.   "AMEX"
shall mean this American Stock Exchange.   "Average Price" shall mean the
average of the daily volume weighted  averages of the trading prices of
Regions Common Stock as reported on the  Nasdaq NMS (as reported by The Wall
Street Journal or, if not reported  thereby, another authoritative source
agreed to by Morgan and Regions) for  the ten consecutive full trading days
in which such shares are traded on  the Nasdaq NMS ending at the close of
trading on the second full trading  day immediately preceding the Effective
Time. If the price of Regions  Common Stock is adjusted at any time following
the first day of such period  and prior to the Effective Time by reason of
any action by Regions of the  nature described in the second sentence of
Section 3.2 of this Agreement,  then all prices preceding such adjustment
shall themselves be adjusted so  as to be comparable with those following
such adjustment.   "BHC Act" shall mean the federal Bank Holding Company Act
of 1956, as  amended.   "CBOE" shall mean the Chicago Board Options
Exchange.   33  39   "CFTC" shall mean the Commodities Futures Trading
Commission.   "Confidentiality Agreement" shall mean that certain
Confidentiality  Agreement, dated November 22, 2000, by and between Morgan
and Regions.   "Consent" shall mean any consent, approval, authorization,
clearance,  exemption, waiver, or similar affirmation by any Person pursuant
to any  Contract, Law, Order, or Permit.   "Contract" shall mean any
written or oral agreement, arrangement,  commitment, contract, indenture,
instrument, lease, understanding, or  undertaking of any kind or character to
which any Person is a party or that  is binding on any Person or its capital
stock, assets, or business.   "CSE" shall mean the Chicago Stock
Exchange.   "Default" shall mean (i) any breach or violation of or default
under  any Contract, Order, or Permit, (ii) any occurrence of any event that
with  the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would constitute
a  breach or violation of or default under any Contract, Order, or Permit,
or  (iii) any occurrence of any event that with or without the passage of
time  or the giving of notice would give rise to a right to terminate or
revoke,  change the current terms of, or renegotiate, or to accelerate,
increase, or  impose any Liability under, any Contract, Order, or Permit,
where, in any  such event, such Default is reasonably likely to have,
individually or in  the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on a Party.  
"Delaware Certificate of Merger" shall mean the certificate of merger  to be
executed by Regions and filed with the Secretary of State of the  State of
Delaware, relating to the Merger as contemplated by Section 1.1 of  this
Agreement.   "DGCL" shall mean the Delaware General Corporation Law.  
"Environmental Laws" shall mean all Laws relating to pollution or  protection
of human health or the environment (including ambient air,  surface water,
ground water, land surface, or subsurface strata) and which  are
administered, interpreted, or enforced by the United States  Environmental
Protection Agency and state and local agencies with  jurisdiction over, and
including common law in respect of, pollution or  protection of the
environment, including the Comprehensive Environmental  Response Compensation
and Liability Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.  ("CERCLA"), the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, 42  U.S.C. 6901 et seq.,
and other Laws relating to emissions, discharges,  releases, or threatened
releases of any Hazardous Material, or otherwise  relating to the
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,  storage, disposal,
transport, or handling of any Hazardous Material.   "ERISA" shall mean the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of  1974, as amended.   "Exhibits"
1 through 3, inclusive, shall mean the Exhibits so marked,  copies of which
are attached to this Agreement. Such Exhibits are hereby  incorporated by
reference herein and made a part hereof, and may be  referred to in this
Agreement and any other related instrument or document  without being
attached hereto.   "Fund Board" shall mean board of trustees or directors of
each Morgan  Investment Company.   "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted
accounting principles,  consistently applied during the periods involved.  
"Hazardous Material" shall mean (i) any hazardous substance, hazardous 
material, hazardous waste, regulated substance, or toxic substance (as  those
terms are defined by any applicable Environmental Laws), and (ii) any 
chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, petroleum, petroleum products that are 
or become regulated under any applicable local, state, or federal Law (and 
specifically shall include asbestos requiring abatement, removal, or 
encapsulation pursuant to the requirements of governmental authorities and 
any polychlorinated biphenyls).   34  40   "HSR Act" shall mean Section
7A of the Clayton Act, as added by Title  II of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,  and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Intellectual Property" shall mean
copyrights, patents, trademarks,  service marks, service names, trade names,
applications therefor,  technology rights and licenses, computer software
(including any source or  object codes therefor or documentation relating
thereto), trade secrets,  franchises, know-how, inventions and other
intellectual property rights.   "Internal Revenue Code" shall mean the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   "Investment Advisers Act" shall mean the
Investment Advisers Act of  1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   "Investment Company" shall have the meaning set
forth in the  Investment Company Act.   "Investment Company Act" shall mean
the Investment Company Act of  1940, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Knowledge" as used with respect to a
Person (including references to  such Person being aware of a particular
matter) shall mean the personal  knowledge of the chairman, president, or
chief financial officer of such  Person.   "Law" shall mean any code, law,
ordinance, regulation, rule, or  statute applicable to a Person or its
assets, Liabilities, or business,  including those promulgated, interpreted,
or enforced by any Regulatory  Authority.   "Liability" shall mean any
direct or indirect, primary or secondary,  liability, indebtedness,
obligation, penalty, cost, or expense (including  costs of investigation,
collection, and defense), claim, deficiency, or  guaranty of any type,
whether accrued, absolute or contingent, liquidated  or unliquidated, matured
or unmatured, or otherwise.   "Lien" shall mean any mortgage, pledge,
reservation, restriction  (other than a restriction on transfers arising
under the Securities Laws),  security interest, or claim, lien, or
encumbrance of any nature whatsoever  of, on, or with respect to any property
or property interest, other than  (i) Liens for property Taxes not yet due
and payable, and (ii) for  depository institution Subsidiaries of a Party,
pledges to secure deposits,  and other Liens incurred in the ordinary course
of the banking business.   "Litigation" shall mean any action, arbitration,
cause of action,  claim, complaint, criminal prosecution, demand letter,
governmental or  other examination or investigation, hearing, inquiry,
administrative or  other proceeding, or notice (written or oral) by any
Person alleging  potential Liability, but shall not include regular, periodic
examinations  of depository institutions and their Affiliates by Regulatory
Authorities.   "Material Adverse Effect" on a Party shall mean an event,
change, or  occurrence which, individually or together with any other event,
change, or  occurrence, has a material adverse impact on (i) the financial
condition,  results of operations, or business of such Party and its
Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of such Party to perform
its  obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the Merger or the
other  transactions contemplated by this Agreement, provided that "Material 
Adverse Effect" shall not be deemed to include the impact of (a) changes in 
banking and similar Laws of general applicability or interpretations  thereof
by courts or governmental authorities, (b) changes in GAAP or  regulatory
accounting principles generally applicable to banks, investment  banks,
broker-dealers, and their holding companies, (c) actions and  omissions of a
Party (or any of its Subsidiaries) taken with the prior  informed consent of
the other Party in contemplation of the transactions  contemplated hereby,
(d) general economic or market conditions or the  securities industry in
general, and (e) this Agreement or the announcement  thereof.   "Morgan
Common Stock" shall mean the $.625 par value common stock of  Morgan.  35 
41   "Morgan Companies" shall mean, collectively, Morgan and all Morgan 
Subsidiaries.   "Morgan Disclosure Memorandum" shall mean the written
information  entitled "Morgan Disclosure Memorandum" delivered prior to the
execution of  this Agreement to Regions describing in reasonable detail the
matters  contained therein and, with respect to each disclosure made
therein,  specifically referencing each Section or subsection of this
Agreement under  which such disclosure is being made. Information disclosed
with respect to  one Section or subsection shall not be deemed to be
disclosed for any other  Section or subsection of this Agreement. The
inclusion of any matter in  this document shall not be deemed an admission or
otherwise to imply that  any such matter is material for purposes of this
Agreement.   "Morgan Financial Statements" shall mean (i) the consolidated 
statements of condition (including related notes and schedules, if any) of 
Morgan as of October 31, 2000, and as of July 31, 2000, and 1999, and the 
related statements of income, changes in stockholders\' equity, and cash 
flows (including related notes and schedules, if any) for the three months 
ended October 31, 2000 and for each of the three years ended July 31, 2000, 
1999, and 1998, as filed by Morgan in SEC Documents, and (ii) the 
consolidated statements of condition of Morgan (including related notes and 
schedules, if any) and related statement of income, change in stockholders 
equity, and cash flows (including related notes and schedules, if any) 
included in SEC Documents filed with respect to periods ended subsequent to 
October 31, 2000.   "Morgan Stock Plans" shall mean the existing stock
option and other  stock-based compensation plans of Morgan, including,
without limitation,  the stock option plans and programs of any Persons
acquired by Morgan or a  Morgan Subsidiary.   "Morgan Subsidiaries" shall
mean the Subsidiaries of Morgan, which  shall include the Morgan Subsidiaries
described in Section 5.4 of this  Agreement and any corporation, bank,
savings association, or other  organization acquired as a Subsidiary of
Morgan in the future and owned by  Morgan at the Effective Time.   "MSRB"
shall mean the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board.   "NASD" shall mean
the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.   "Nasdaq NMS" shall
mean the National Market System of The Nasdaq Stock  Market.   "1933 Act"
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the  rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "1934 Act" shall mean the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.   "NYFE" shall mean the New York Futures Exchange, Inc.  
"NYSE" shall mean the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.   "Order" shall mean any
administrative decision or award, decree,  injunction, judgment, order,
quasi-judicial decision or award, ruling, or  writ of any federal, state,
local, or foreign or other court, arbitrator,  mediator, tribunal,
administrative agency, or Regulatory Authority.   "Party" shall mean either
Morgan or Regions, and "Parties" shall mean  both Morgan and Regions.  
"Permit" shall mean any federal, state, local, and foreign  governmental
approval, authorization, certificate, easement, filing,  franchise, license,
or permit from governmental authorities that are  required for the operation
of a Party\'s respective businesses.   "Permitted Issuances" shall mean
issuances of Morgan Common Stock  pursuant to and in accordance with (i) the
Morgan Deferred Compensation  Plan, (ii) the Morgan 2000 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan, (iii) the Morgan  2000 Equity Compensation Plan which, in the
aggregate for the plans  described in clauses (ii) and (iii), are currently
estimated to be 640,000  shares of Morgan Common   36  42   Stock prior
to the Effective Time, or (iv) issuances of Rights or of Morgan  Common Stock
otherwise permitted by Regions.   "Person" shall mean a natural person or
any legal, commercial, or  governmental entity, such as, but not limited to,
a corporation, general  partnership, joint venture, limited partnership,
limited liability company,  trust, business association, group acting in
concert, or any person acting  in a representative capacity.   "PHLX" shall
mean the Philadelphia Stock Exchange, Inc.   "Proxy Statement" shall mean
the proxy statement used by Morgan to  solicit the approval of its
stockholders of the transactions contemplated  by this Agreement, which shall
include the prospectus of Regions relating  to the issuance of the Regions
Common Stock to holders of Morgan Common  Stock.   "reasonable efforts"
shall mean the reasonable best efforts of a  Party, but shall not require any
Party to take any commercially  unreasonable action.   "Regions Common
Stock" shall mean the $.625 par value common stock of  Regions.   "Regions
Companies" shall mean, collectively, Regions and all Regions 
Subsidiaries.   "Regions Financial Statements" shall mean (i) the
consolidated  statements of condition (including related notes and schedules,
if any) of  Regions as of September 30, 2000 and as of December 31, 1999 and
1998, and  the related statements of income, changes in stockholders\'
equity, and cash  flows (including related notes and schedules, if any) for
the nine months  ended September 30, 2000 and for each of the three years
ended December 31,  1999, 1998, and 1997, as filed by Regions in SEC
Documents, and (ii) the  consolidated statements of condition of Regions
(including related notes  and schedules, if any) and related statements of
income, changes in  stockholders\' equity, and cash flows (including related
notes and  schedules, if any) included in SEC Documents filed with respect to
periods  ended subsequent to September 30, 2000.   "Regions Subsidiaries"
shall mean the Subsidiaries of Regions and any  corporation, bank, savings
association, or other organization acquired as a  Subsidiary of Regions in
the future and owned by Regions at the Effective  Time.   "Registration
Statement" shall mean the Registration Statement on Form  S-4, or other
appropriate form, including any pre-effective or  post-effective amendments
or supplements thereto, filed with the SEC by  Regions under the 1933 Act
with respect to the shares of Regions Common  Stock to be issued to the
stockholders of Morgan in connection with the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   "Regulatory Authorities" shall mean, collectively, the
Federal Trade  Commission, the United States Department of Justice, the Board
of the  Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the
Comptroller of  the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the
Office of  Thrift Supervision, the Internal Revenue Service, all state
regulatory  agencies having jurisdiction over the Parties and their
respective  Subsidiaries, the NASD, the NYSE, and the SEC.  
"Representative" shall mean any investment banker, financial advisor, 
attorney, accountant, consultant, or other representative of a Person.  
"Rights" shall mean, with respect to any Person, securities, or  obligations
convertible into or exercisable for, or giving any Person any  right to
subscribe for or acquire, or any options, calls, or commitments  relating to,
or any stock appreciation right or other instrument the value  of which is
determined in whole or in part by reference to the market price  or value of,
shares of capital stock of such Person.   "SEC" shall mean the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission.   "SEC Documents" shall mean all forms,
proxy statements, registration  statements, reports, schedules, and other
documents filed, or required to  be filed, by a Party or any of its
Subsidiaries with the SEC.   37  43   "Securities Laws" shall mean the
1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the  Investment Company Act, the Investment Advisers
Act, the Trust Indenture  Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and
regulations of any Regulatory  Authority promulgated thereunder.   "SIA"
shall mean the Securities Industry Association.   "SIPC" shall mean the
Securities Investor Protection Corporation.   "Stockholders\' Meeting" shall
mean the meeting of the stockholders of  Morgan to be held pursuant to
Section 8.1 of this Agreement, including any  adjournment or adjournments
thereof.   "Subsidiaries" shall have the meaning assigned in Rule 1-02(x)
of  Regulation S-X of the SEC; provided, there shall not be included any
such  entity acquired through foreclosure or any such entity the equity 
securities of which are owned or controlled in a fiduciary capacity.  
"Superior Proposal" means, with respect to Morgan, any written  Acquisition
Proposal made by a Person other than Regions which is for (i)  (a) a merger,
reorganization, consolidation, share exchange, business  combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or similar  transaction involving
Morgan as a result of which either (1) Morgan\'s  stockholders prior to such
transaction (by virtue of their ownership of  Morgan\'s shares) in the
aggregate cease to own at least 50% of the voting  securities of the entity
surviving or resulting from such transaction (or  the ultimate parent entity
thereof) or (2) the individuals comprising the  Board of Directors of Morgan
prior to such transaction do not constitute a  majority of the board of
directors of such ultimate parent entity, (b) a  sale, lease, exchange,
transfer, or other disposition of at least 50% of  the assets of Morgan and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a single  transaction or a series of
related transactions, or (c) the acquisition,  directly or indirectly, by a
Person of beneficial ownership of 25% or more  of the common stock of Morgan
whether by merger, consolidation, share  exchange, business combination,
tender, or exchange offer or otherwise, and  (ii) which is otherwise on terms
which the Board of Directors of Morgan in  good faith concludes (after
consultation with its financial advisors and  outside counsel), taking into
account, among other things, all legal,  financial, regulatory, and other
aspects of the proposal (including the  impact of the Termination Fee
Agreement) and the Person making the  proposal, (a) would, if consummated,
result in a transaction that is more  favorable to its stockholders (in their
capacities as stockholders), from a  financial point of view, than the
transactions contemplated by this  Agreement, and (b) is reasonably capable
of being completed.   "Support Agreement" shall mean the various support
agreements, each in  substantially the form of Exhibit 1.   "Surviving
Corporation" shall mean Regions as the surviving  corporation resulting from
the Merger.   "Tax" or "Taxes" shall mean all federal, state, local, and
foreign  taxes, levies, imposts, duties, or other like assessments,
including  income, gross receipts, excise, employment, sales, use, transfer,
license,  payroll, franchise, severance, stamp, occupation, windfall
profits,  environmental, federal highway use, commercial rent, customs
duties,  capital stock, paid-up capital, profits, withholding, Social
Security,  single business and unemployment, disability, real property,
personal  property, registration, ad valorem, value added, alternative or
add-on  minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind whatsoever, imposed or 
required to be withheld by the United States or any state, local, or  foreign
government or subdivision or agency thereof, including any related  interest
and penalties, or additions thereto.   "Tax Return" shall mean any report,
return, information return, or  other information required to be supplied to
a taxing authority in  connection with Taxes, including any return of an
affiliated or combined or  unitary group that includes a Party or its
Subsidiaries.   "Taxable Period" shall mean any period prescribed by any
governmental  authority, including the United States or any state, local, or
foreign  government or subdivision or agency thereof for which a Tax Return
is  required to be filed or Tax is required to be paid.   "TBCA" shall mean
the Tennessee Business Corporation Act.   38  44   "Tennessee Articles of
Merger" shall mean the Articles of Merger  executed by Regions and filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of  Tennessee relating to the Merger as
contemplated by Section 1.1 of this  Agreement.   "Termination Fee
Agreement" shall mean that certain termination fee  agreement by and between
Morgan and Regions substantially in the form of  Exhibit 2.   (b) The terms
set forth below shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the referenced
sections:    ~~
 Adviser..................................................... Section
8.14 Aggregate Cash Amount....................................... Section
3.1(c) Cash Election Shares........................................ Section
3.1(c) Claim....................................................... Section
8.11(a) Client...................................................... Section
5.25(a) Closing..................................................... Section
1.2 Continuing Employees........................................ Section
8.10 Covered Parties............................................. Section
8.11(b) Current Forms............................................... Section
5.11(c) Effective Time.............................................. Section
1.3 Election Deadline........................................... Section
3.1(c) Election Form............................................... Section
3.1(c) Election Form Record Date................................... Section
3.1(c) Exchange Agent.............................................. Section
3.1(b) Exchange Fund............................................... Section
4.1(a) Exchange Ratio.............................................. Section
3.1(b) Indemnified Parties......................................... Section
8.11(a) Mailing Date................................................ Section
3.1(c) Merger...................................................... Section
1.1 Merger Shares............................................... Section
3.1(b) Morgan Benefit Plans........................................ Section
5.14(a) Morgan Contracts............................................ Section
5.15(a) Morgan ERISA Affiliate...................................... Section
5.14(e) Morgan ERISA Plan........................................... Section
5.14(a) Morgan Insiders............................................. Section
8.12 Morgan Investment Company................................... Section
5.26(a) Morgan Pension Plan......................................... Section
5.14(a) Morgan Property............................................. Section
5.10(b) Morgan Rights............................................... Section
3.5(a) Morgan SEC Reports.......................................... Section
5.5(a) New Certificates............................................ Section
4.1(a) No Election Shares.......................................... Section
3.1(c) Old Certificates............................................ Section
3.1(c) Per Share Cash Consideration................................ Section
3.1(c) Regions SEC Reports......................................... Section
6.5(a) Stock Designees............................................. Section
3.1(c)    39  45   ~~  Takeover
Laws............................................... Section 5.21 Tax
Opinions................................................ Section
9.1(f) Treasury Shares............................................. Section
3.1(b)    (c) Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to
include the plural, and any plural term the singular. Whenever the words
"include," "includes," or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall
be deemed followed by the words "without limitation."   11.2 Expenses. (a)
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 11.2, each of the Parties shall
bear and pay all direct costs and expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder, including filing,
registration, and application fees, printing fees, and fees and expenses of
its own financial or other consultants, investment bankers, accountants, and
counsel, except that Regions shall bear and pay the filing fees payable in
connection with the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement and one
half of the printing costs incurred in connection with the printing of the
Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement.   (b) Nothing contained in
this Section 11.2 shall constitute or shall be deemed to constitute
liquidated damages for the willful breach by a Party of the terms of this
Agreement or otherwise limit the rights of the nonbreaching Party.   11.3
Brokers and Finders. Except for Lazard Freres and Co. LLC as to Morgan and
Salomon Smith Barney as to Regions, each of the Parties represents
and warrants that neither it nor any of its officers, directors, employees,
or Affiliates has employed any broker or finder or incurred any Liability for
any financial advisory fees, investment bankers\' fees, brokerage fees,
commissions, or finders\' fees in connection with this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby. In the event of a claim by any broker or
finder based upon his, her, or its representing or being retained by or
allegedly representing or being retained by Morgan or Regions, each of Morgan
and Regions, as the case may be, agrees to indemnify and hold the other Party
harmless of and from any Liability in respect of any such claim.   11.4
Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
this Agreement (including the Morgan Disclosure Memorandum) constitutes the
entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereunder and supersedes all prior arrangements or
understandings with respect thereto, written or oral, other than the
Confidentiality Agreement, which shall remain in effect. Nothing in this
Agreement expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person, other
than the Parties or their respective successors, any rights, remedies,
obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, other than
as provided in Section 8.13 of this Agreement.   11.5 Amendments. To the
extent permitted by Law, this Agreement may be amended by a subsequent
writing signed by each of the Parties upon the approval of the Boards of
Directors of each of the Parties, whether before or after stockholder
approval of this Agreement has been obtained; provided, that the provisions
of this Agreement relating to the manner or basis in which shares of Morgan
Common Stock will be exchanged for Regions Common Stock or cash shall not be
amended after the Stockholders\' Meeting without the requisite approval of
the holders of the issued and outstanding shares of Morgan Common Stock
entitled to vote thereon.   11.6 Waivers. (a) Prior to or at the Effective
Time, Regions, acting through its Board of Directors, chief executive
officer, chief financial officer, or other authorized officer, shall have the
right to waive any Default in the performance of any term of this Agreement
by Morgan, to waive or extend the time for the compliance or fulfillment by
Morgan of any and all of its obligations under this Agreement, and to waive
any or all of the conditions precedent to the obligations of Regions under
this Agreement, except any condition which, if not satisfied, would result in
the violation of any Law. No such waiver shall be effective unless in writing
signed by a duly authorized officer of Regions except that any unfulfilled
conditions shall be deemed to have been waived at the Effective Time.  
40  46   (b) Prior to or at the Effective Time, Morgan, acting through its
Board of Directors, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or
other authorized officer, shall have the right to waive any Default in the
performance of any term of this Agreement by Regions, to waive or extend the
time for the compliance or fulfillment by Regions of any and all of its
obligations under this Agreement, and to waive any or all of the conditions
precedent to the obligations of Morgan under this Agreement, except any
condition which, if not satisfied, would result in the violation of any Law.
No such waiver shall be effective unless in writing signed by a duly
authorized officer of Morgan except that any unfulfilled conditions shall be
deemed to have been waived at the Effective Time.   (c) The failure of any
Party at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof
shall in no manner affect the right of such Party at a later time to enforce
the same or any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any condition
or of the breach of any term contained in this Agreement in one or more
instances shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing
waiver of such condition or breach or a waiver of any other condition or of
the breach of any other term of this Agreement.   11.7 Assignment. Except as
expressly contemplated hereby, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests, or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any Party hereto
(whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent
of the other Party. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Parties and
their respective successors and assigns.   11.8 Notices. All notices or
other communications which are required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and sufficient if delivered by hand, by facsimile transmission, by
registered or certified mail, postage pre-paid, or by courier or overnight
carrier, to the persons at the addresses set forth below (or at such other
address as may be provided hereunder), and shall be deemed to have been
delivered as of the date so delivered:    ~~  Morgan: Morgan Keegan,
Inc.  Fifty North Front Street  Memphis, Tennessee 38103  Telecopy Number:
(901) 529-5344  Attention: Allen B. Morgan, Jr.  Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer Copy to Counsel: Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz  51 West
52nd Street  New York, New York 10019-6150  Telecopy Number: (212)
403-2000  Attention: Edward D. Herlihy, Esq. Regions: Regions Financial
Corporation  417 North 20th Street  Birmingham, Alabama 35203  Telecopy
Number: (205) 326-7571  Attention: Richard D. Horsley  Vice Chairman and
Executive  Financial Officer Copy to Counsel: Regions Financial
Corporation  417 North 20th Street  Birmingham, Alabama 35203  Telecopy
Number: (205) 326-7751  Attention: Samuel E. Upchurch, Jr.  General
Counsel    41  47   11.9 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware,
without regard to any applicable principles of conflicts of Laws, except to
the extent that the Laws of the State of Tennessee relate to the consummation
of the Merger.   11.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two
or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   11.11
Captions. The captions contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and are not part of this Agreement.   11.12 Interpretations. Neither
this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or
resolved against any Party, whether under any rule of construction or
otherwise. No Party to this Agreement shall be considered the draftsman. The
Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement has been reviewed,
negotiated, and accepted by all Parties and their attorneys and shall be
construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used
so as fairly to accomplish the purposes and intentions of the Parties.  
11.13 Enforcement of Agreement. The Parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement was not performed in accordance with its specific terms or was
otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the Parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any
court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity.   11.14 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement which
is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or
unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining
terms and provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any
other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be
unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is
enforceable.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this
Agreement to be executed on its behalf and its corporate seal to be hereunto
affixed and attested by officers thereunto as of the day and year first above
written.    ~~  ATTEST: MORGAN KEEGAN, INC.  By: /s/ JOSEPH C. WELLER
By: /s/ ALLEN B. MORGAN, JR. 
---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
Allen B. Morgan, Jr.  Joseph C. Weller Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Secretary  [CORPORATE SEAL]  ATTEST: REGIONS FINANCIAL CORPORATION  By:
/s/ SAMUEL E. UPCHURCH, JR. By: /s/ CARL E. JONES, JR. 
---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
Carl E. Jones, Jr.  Samuel E. Upchurch, Jr. Executive Officer  Corporate
Secretary President and Chief  [CORPORATE SEAL]    42   '

