 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION    1 
EXHIBIT 99.1       AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION   AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION ("Reorganization Agreement" or "Agreement") dated
as of July 9, 2000, by and among Premier National Bancorp Inc. ("Seller"), a
New York corporation having its principal executive office at P.O. Box 310,
Route 55 Lagrangeville, NY 12540, MandT; Bank Corporation ("Purchaser"), a New
York corporation having its principal executive office at One MandT; Plaza,
Buffalo, New York 14614, and Olympia Financial Corp. ("Merger Sub"), a
Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser having
its registered office at 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware.  
WITNESSETH   WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire that Seller shall be
acquired by Purchaser through the merger ("Merger") of Seller with and into
Merger Sub, with Merger Sub as the surviving corporation ("Surviving
Corporation") pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger substantially in
the form attached hereto as Annex A ("Plan of Merger"); and   WHEREAS,
following the consummation of the Merger, Premier National Bank ("Seller
Bank"), a banking subsidiary of Seller, which shall be a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Surviving Corporation following the Merger, shall merge
with and into Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company ("Purchaser Bank"), a
bank subsidiary of Purchaser ("Bank Merger"), pursuant to an Agreement and
Plan of Merger ("Bank Merger Agreement") in a form to be specified by
Purchaser; and   WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to provide for
certain undertakings, conditions, representations, warranties and covenants
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby;   NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the premises and of the mutual representations,
warranties and covenants herein contained and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE 1. 
DEFINITIONS   1.1 "Advisory Board" is defined in Section 4.15 hereof.  
1.2 "Amex" shall mean the American Stock Exchange.   1.3 "Agreement" is
defined in the preamble hereto.   1.4 "Bank Holding Company Act" shall mean
the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended.  2  1.5 "Banking Board"
shall mean the New York State Banking Board.   1.6 "Bank Merger" is defined
in the recitals hereto.   1.7 "Bank Merger Agreement" is defined in the
recitals hereto.   1.8 "Cash Consideration" is defined in the Plan
of Merger.   1.9 "Claim" is defined in Section 4.11(g) hereof.   1.10
"Closing Date" is defined in Section 4.9 hereof.   1.11 "Code" shall mean
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.   1.12 "Commission" or "SEC"
shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.   1.13 "Confidentiality
Agreement" is defined in Section 4.5 hereof.   1.14 "Covered Parties" is
defined in Section 4.11(g) hereof.   1.15 "DPC Shares" is defined in the
Plan of Merger.   1.16 "Effective Date" is defined in Section 4.9
hereof.   1.17 "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended.   1.18 "ERISA Affiliate" is defined in Section
2.13(a) hereof.   1.19 "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    1.20 "FDIA" shall mean the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act.   1.21 "FDIC" shall mean the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation.   1.22 "Federal Reserve Board" shall mean the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   1.23 "Indemnified Parties" is
defined in Section 4.11(f) hereof.   1.24 "Insurance Amount" is defined in
Section 4.11(h) hereof.   1.25 "Intellectual Property" means domestic and
foreign letters patent, patents, patent applications, patent licenses,
software licensed or owned, know-how licenses, trade names, common law and
other trademarks, service marks, licenses of trademarks, trade names and/or
service marks, trademark registrations and applications, service mark
registrations and applications and copyright registrations and
applications.   1.26 "JP Morgan" is defined in Section 2.18
hereof.       - 2 -  3  1.27 "KBW" is defined in Section 2.18
hereof.   1.28 "knowledge" and its correlative terms shall mean, with
respect to Seller or Purchaser, the knowledge of the executive officers
of the Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, after due inquiry, with
respect to matters within the areas of responsibility of the respective
executive officers.   1.29 "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean, with
respect to Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, a material adverse effect
on the business, results of operations or financial condition of such party
and the Subsidiaries of the party taken as a whole or a material adverse
effect on such party\'s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; provided, however, that in determining whether a Material Adverse
Effect has occurred there shall be excluded any effect on the referenced
party the cause of which is (i) any change in banking or similar laws, rules
or regulations of general applicability or interpretations thereof by courts
or governmental authorities, (ii) any change in generally accepted accounting
principles or regulatory accounting requirements applicable to banks or their
holding companies generally, (iii) general changes in conditions, including
interest rates, in the banking industry or in the global or United States or
Northeast regional economy or financial markets, with respect to clause (i),
(ii) or (iii), to the extent that a change does not materially affect the
referenced party to a materially different extent than other similarly
situated banking organizations, and (iv) any action or omission of Seller or
Purchaser or any Subsidiary of either of them taken with the prior written
consent of Purchaser or Seller, as applicable, in contemplation of the
Merger.   1.30 "Merger" is defined in the recitals hereto.   1.31 "Merger
Consideration" is defined in the Plan of Merger.   1.32 "Merger Sub" is
defined in the preamble of this Agreement.   1.33 "NYSE" shall mean The New
York Stock Exchange.   1.34 "OCC" shall mean the Office of the Comptroller
of Currency.   1.35 "Option Agreement" shall mean the Stock
Option Agreement dated of even date herewith between Seller and Purchaser
pursuant to which Seller will grant Purchaser the right to purchase certain
shares of Seller Common Stock.   1.36 "Plan of Merger" is defined in the
recitals hereto.   1.37 "Previously Disclosed" shall mean disclosed prior
to the execution hereof in (i) an SEC Document filed with the SEC subsequent
to January 1, 2000 and prior to the date hereof or (ii) a letter dated of
even date herewith from the party making such disclosure and delivered to the
other party prior to the execution hereof. Any information disclosed by one
party to the other for any purpose hereunder shall be deemed to be disclosed
for all purposes hereunder. The inclusion of any matter in information
Previously Disclosed shall not be deemed an admission or otherwise to imply
that any such matter is material for purposes of this Agreement.   1.38
"Previously Disclosed Individuals" is defined in Section 4.11(b)
hereof.       - 3 -  4  1.39 "Proxy Statement" shall mean the
proxy statement/prospectus (or similar documents) together with any
supplements thereto sent to the shareholders of Seller to solicit their votes
in connection with this Agreement and the Plan of Merger.   1.40
"Purchaser" is defined in the preamble of this Agreement.   1.41 "Purchaser
Bank" is defined in the recitals hereof.   1.42 "Purchaser Common Stock" is
defined in Section 3.1 hereof.   1.43 "Purchaser Financial Statements"
shall mean (i) the consolidated balance sheets of Purchaser as of March 31,
2000 and as of December 31, 1999 and 1998 and the related consolidated
statements of income, cash flows and changes in shareholders\' equity
(including related notes, if any) for the three months ended March 31, 2000
and each of the three years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997,
respectively, as filed by Purchaser in SEC Documents and (ii) the
consolidated balance sheets of Purchaser and related consolidated statements
of income, cash flows and changes in shareholders\' equity (including related
notes, if any) as filed by Purchaser in SEC Documents as of dates or with
respect to periods ended subsequent to March 31, 2000.   1.44 "Purchaser
Plan" is defined in Section 3.10 hereof.   1.45 "Purchaser Preferred Stock"
is defined in Section 3.1 hereof.   1.46 "Registration Statement" shall
mean the registration statement with respect to the Purchaser Common Stock to
be issued in connection with the Merger as declared effective by the
Commission under the Securities Act and as amended from time to time.  
1.47 "Rights" shall mean warrants, options, rights, convertible securities
and other arrangements or commitments which obligate an entity to issue or
dispose of any of its capital stock, and stock appreciation rights,
performance units and other similar stock-based rights whether they obligate
the issuer thereof to issue stock or other securities or to pay cash.   1.48
"Reorganization Agreement" is defined in the recitals hereto.   1.49 "SEC
Documents" shall mean all reports and registration statements filed, or
required to be filed, by a party hereto pursuant to the Securities Laws.  
1.50 "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
1.51 "Securities Laws" shall mean the Securities Act; the Exchange Act; the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; the Investment Advisers Act of
1940, as amended; the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended; and the rules
and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.   1.52 "Seller" is
defined in the preamble of this Agreement.   1.53 "Seller Bank" is defined
in the recitals hereto.       - 4 -  5  1.54 "Seller Common Stock" is
defined in Section 2.1 hereof.   1.55 "Seller Employees" is defined in
Section 4.11(a) hereof.   1.56 "Seller Financial Statements" shall mean (i)
the consolidated balance sheets of Seller as of March 31, 2000 and as of
December 31, 1999 and 1998 and the related consolidated statements of income
and expense, cash flows and stockholders\' equity (including related notes,
if any) for the three months ended March 31, 2000 and each of the three years
ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively, as filed by Seller in
SEC Documents and (ii) the consolidated balance sheets of Seller and
related consolidated statements of income and expense, cash flows and changes
in stockholders\' equity (including related notes, if any) as filed by Seller
in SEC Documents with respect to periods ended subsequent to March 31,
2000.   1.57 "Seller Plans" is defined in Section 2.13(a) hereof.   1.58
"Seller Preferred Stock" is defined in Section 2.1 hereof.   1.59 "Seller
Stock Option Plans" is defined in the Plan of Merger.   1.60 "Stock
Consideration" is defined in the Plan of Merger.   1.61 "Subsidiary" or
"Subsidiaries" shall mean with respect to any party, any bank, corporation,
partnership or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated,
which is consolidated with such party for financial reporting purposes;
provided, however, that "Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" shall not include any
subsidiary trust formed for the purpose of issuing trust preferred or similar
securities.   1.62 "Surviving Corporation" is defined in the
recitals hereto.   1.63 "Takeover Laws" is defined in Section 2.28
hereof.   1.64 "Takeover Proposal" is defined in Section
4.7(b)(13) hereof.   1.65 "Tax," collectively, "Taxes" shall mean all
taxes, however denominated, including any interest, penalties, criminal
sanctions or additions to tax (including, without limitation, any
underpayment penalties for insufficient estimated tax payments) or other
additional amounts that may become payable in respect thereof (or in respect
of a failure to file any Tax Return when and as required), imposed by any
federal, state, local or foreign government or any agency or political
subdivision of any such government, which taxes shall include, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, all income taxes, payroll and
employment taxes, withholding taxes (including withholding taxes in
connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent
contractor, creditor, stockholder or other person or entity), unemployment
insurance taxes, social security (or similar) taxes, sales and use taxes,
excise taxes, franchise taxes, gross receipts taxes, occupation taxes, real
and personal property taxes, stamp taxes, value added taxes, transfer taxes,
profits or windfall profits taxes, licenses in the nature of taxes, estimated
taxes, severance taxes, duties (custom and others), workers\' compensation
taxes, premium taxes, environmental taxes (including taxes under Section 59A
of the Code), disability taxes,       - 5 -  6 registration taxes,
alternative or add-on minimum taxes, estimated taxes, and other fees,
assessments, charges or obligations of the same or of a similar nature.  
1.66 "Tax Return," collectively, "Tax Returns" shall mean all returns,
reports, estimates, information statements or other written submissions, and
any schedules or attachments thereto, required or permitted to be filed
pursuant to the statutes, rules and regulations of any federal, state, local
or foreign government Tax authority, including but not limited to, original
returns and filings, amended returns, claims for refunds,
information returns, ruling requests, administrative or judicial filings,
accounting method change requests, responses to revenue agents\' reports
(federal, state or local) and settlement documents.   1.67 "Trust Account
Shares" is defined in the Plan of Merger.   ARTICLE 2.  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER   Except as Previously Disclosed, Seller hereby
represents and warrants to Purchaser and Merger Sub as follows:   2.1.
CAPITAL STRUCTURE OF SELLER   The authorized capital stock of Seller
consists of (i) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per
share ("Seller Preferred Stock") none of which is issued and outstanding and
(ii) 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.80 per share ("Seller
Common Stock"), of which, as of July 7, 2000, 15,799,535 shares were issued
and outstanding and 644,359 shares were held in treasury, and since that date
no shares have been issued other than on exercise of Rights Previously
Disclosed. As of the date hereof, no shares of Seller Preferred Stock or
Seller Common Stock are reserved for issuance, except as Previously Disclosed
and except for 3,144,107 shares of Seller Common Stock reserved for issuance
pursuant to the Option Agreement. Seller has Previously Disclosed a list of
all currently outstanding options for the purchase of Seller Common Stock,
the number of shares of Seller Common Stock subject to such options, whether
such options are vested or unvested, the vesting schedule for unvested
options and the vesting or other treatment of all unvested options in the
event of a change of control of Seller. All outstanding shares of Seller
Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid
and nonassessable. Seller does not have and is not bound by any Rights which
are authorized, issued or outstanding with respect to the capital stock of
Seller except (i) for the Option Agreement, (ii) as Previously Disclosed, and
(iii) as set forth above. None of the shares of Seller\'s capital stock
has been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any person.   2.2.
ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND AUTHORITY OF SELLER   Seller is a duly
incorporated corporation, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of New York with full corporate power and authority to
carry on its business as now conducted and is duly licensed or qualified to
do business in the states of the United States and foreign jurisdictions
where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business
requires such qualification, except where the failure to have such corporate
power and authority       - 6 -  7 or to be so licensed or qualified
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Seller is registered as a
bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act.   2.3. OWNERSHIP
OF SELLER SUBSIDIARIES; CAPITAL STRUCTURE OF SELLER SUBSIDIARIES   As of
the date hereof, Seller does not own, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of
the outstanding capital stock or other voting securities of any corporation,
bank or other organization except the Seller Subsidiaries as Previously
Disclosed. Seller has Previously Disclosed to Purchaser a list of all of the
Subsidiaries, including a summary description of each
Subsidiary\'s activities and the authority under which each Subsidiary is
held by Seller or Seller Bank, as the case may be. Except as Previously
Disclosed, the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests
of each Seller Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued and
are fully paid and (except as provided by applicable law) nonassessable and
all such shares or equity interests are directly or indirectly owned by
Seller free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances. No Seller
Subsidiary has or is bound by any Rights which are authorized, issued or
outstanding with respect to the capital stock or other equity interests of
any Seller Subsidiary and, except as Previously Disclosed, there are no
agreements, understandings or commitments relating to the right of Seller to
vote or to dispose of said shares. None of the shares of capital stock or
other equity interests of any Seller Subsidiary has been issued in violation
of the preemptive rights of any person.   2.4. ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND
AUTHORITY OF SELLER SUBSIDIARIES   Each Seller Subsidiary is a duly
incorporated corporation, banking association or other organization, validly
existing and in good standing under applicable laws, except where the failure
to be duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Each Seller Subsidiary (i) has full
power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted, and (ii) is
duly licensed or qualified to do business in the states of the United States
and foreign jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the
conduct of its business requires such licensing or qualification, except
where failure to have such corporate power and authority or to be so licensed
or qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Each Seller
Subsidiary has all federal, state, local and foreign governmental
authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the
failure to be so authorized would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Seller. Seller Bank is a member in good standing of the Federal Home Loan
Bank of New York and owns the requisite amount of shares therein and is a
qualified seller and servicer for the Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corporation.   2.5. AUTHORIZED AND EFFECTIVE AGREEMENT   (a) Seller has
all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform all of
its obligations under this Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger and
the Option Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Reorganization
Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Option Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate action in respect thereof on
the part of Seller, except for the affirmative vote of the holders of two
thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares of Seller Common Stock, which is the
only shareholder vote       - 7 -  8 required to approve the Plan of
Merger pursuant to the New York Business Corporation Law and Seller\'s Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Seller\'s Bylaws. The
Board of Directors of Seller has directed that this Agreement and the Plan of
Merger be submitted to Seller\'s stockholders for approval at a special
meeting to be held as soon as practicable. The Board of Directors of Seller
has approved the Merger as contemplated by Section 8 of Seller\'s Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.   (b) Assuming the
accuracy of the representation contained in Section 3.5(b) hereof, this
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger constitute legal, valid and
binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against it in accordance with
their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws of
general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights and to
general equity principles.   (c) Neither the execution and delivery of
this Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger or the Option Agreement,
nor consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor
compliance by Seller with any of the provisions hereof or thereof shall (i)
conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of the articles or
certificate of incorporation or association, charter or bylaws of Seller or
any Seller Subsidiary, (ii) assuming the consents and approvals contemplated
by Section 4.3 hereof and the consents and approvals which are Previously
Disclosed are duly obtained, constitute or result in a breach of any term,
condition or provision of, or constitute a default under, or give rise to any
right of termination, cancellation or acceleration with respect to, or result
in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or asset
of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary pursuant to, any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, license, agreement or other instrument or obligation, or
(iii) assuming the consents and approvals contemplated by Section 4.3 hereof
and the consents and approvals which are Previously Disclosed are duly
obtained, violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or
regulation applicable to Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, except (in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii) above) for such violations, rights, conflicts,
breaches, creations or defaults which, either individually or in the
aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.   (d) Other
than (i) the filing of the Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement
with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Laws, (ii) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger and other appropriate merger documents required by the
Delaware General Corporation Law and the New York Business Corporation Law
and with their respective Secretaries of State, (iii) the filing of
appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which
the parties to the Bank Merger Agreement are qualified to do business, and
(iv) as contemplated by Section 4.3 hereof, no consent, approval or
authorization of, or declaration, notice, filing or registration with,
any governmental or regulatory authority, or any other person, is required to
be made or obtained by Seller or any Seller Subsidiary on or prior to the
Closing Date in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the Plan of Merger or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except where the failure to
obtain such consents would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. As
of the date hereof, Seller is not aware of any reason that the condition set
forth in Section 5.1(b) of this Agreement, including the proviso thereto,
would not be satisfied.       - 8 -  9  2.6. SEC DOCUMENTS;
REGULATORY FILINGS   Seller has filed all SEC Documents required by the
Securities Laws since December 31, 1994 and such SEC Documents complied, as
of their respective dates, in all material respects with the Securities Laws.
Seller and each Seller Subsidiary has filed all reports required by statute
or regulation to be filed with any federal or state bank regulatory agency,
except where the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on Seller, and such reports were prepared in accordance with the applicable
statutes, regulations and instructions in existence as of the date of filing
of such reports in all material respects.   2.7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS;
BOOKS AND RECORDS; MINUTE BOOKS   The Seller Financial Statements filed by
Seller in SEC Documents prior to the date of this Agreement fairly present,
and the Seller Financial Statements filed by Seller after the date of this
Agreement will fairly present, the consolidated financial position of Seller
and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the
consolidated income, changes in stockholders\' equity and cash flows of
Seller and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods then ended in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to
financial institutions applied on a consistent basis except as disclosed
therein and except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form
10-Q and subject to normal recurring year-end adjustments. The books and
records of Seller and each Seller Subsidiary fairly reflect in all material
respects the transactions to which it is a party or by which its properties
are subject or bound. Such books and records have been properly kept and
maintained and are in compliance with all applicable legal and accounting
requirements in all material respects. The minute books of Seller and each
Seller Subsidiary contain records which are accurate in all material respects
of all corporate actions of its shareholders and Board of
Directors (including committees of its Board of Directors).   2.8. MATERIAL
ADVERSE CHANGE   Seller has not, on a consolidated basis, suffered any
change in its financial condition, results of operations or business since
December 31, 1999 which individually or in the aggregate with any other such
changes would constitute a Material Adverse Effect with respect to
Seller.   2.9. ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES   Neither Seller nor any
Seller Subsidiary has any liability (contingent or otherwise), excluding
contractually assumed contingencies, that is material to Seller on a
consolidated basis, or that, when combined with all similar undisclosed
liabilities, would be material to Seller on a consolidated basis, except as
disclosed in the Seller Financial Statements filed with the SEC prior to the
date hereof and except for liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of
business subsequent to December 31, 1999.   2.10. PROPERTIES   Seller and
the Seller Subsidiaries have good and marketable title free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances, charges, defaults or equitable interests to all of the
properties and assets, real and personal, which, individually or in the
aggregate, are material to the business of Seller       - 9 -  10 and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and which are reflected on the
Seller Financial Statements as of December 31, 1999 or acquired after such
date, except (i) liens for taxes not yet due and payable, (ii) pledges to
secure deposits and other liens incurred in the ordinary course of banking
business, (iii) such imperfections of title, easements and encumbrances, if
any, as are not material in character, amount or extent and (iv) dispositions
and encumbrances for adequate consideration in the ordinary course of
business. All leases pursuant to which Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, as
lessee, leases real and personal property which, individually or in the
aggregate, are material to the business of Seller and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole are valid and enforceable in accordance with their respective
terms except where the failure of such lease or leases to be valid and
enforceable would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on Seller. All tangible property used in the business of
Seller and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole is in good condition, reasonable
wear and tear excepted, and is usable in the ordinary course of business
consistent with Seller\'s past practices.   2.11. LOANS   (a) Each loan
reflected as an asset in the Seller Financial Statements, except for loans
repaid since that time, (i) is evidenced by notes, agreements or other
evidences of indebtedness which are true, genuine and what they purport to
be, (ii) to the extent secured, has been secured by valid liens and security
interests which have been perfected, and (iii) is the legal, valid and
binding obligation of the obligor named therein, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance and
other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\'
rights and to general equity principles, in each case other than loans as to
which the failure to satisfy the foregoing standards, individually or in the
aggregate, after taking into account reserves for loan losses, would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.   (b) The allowance for loan losses
reflected on the Seller Financial Statements, as of their respective dates,
is in all material respects consistent with the requirements of generally
accepted accounting principles to provide for reasonably anticipated losses
with respect to Seller\'s loan portfolio based upon information reasonably
available to Seller at the time.   2.12. TAX MATTERS   (a) Seller and each
Seller Subsidiary have timely filed, or have timely requested filing
extensions for, federal income tax returns for each year through December 31,
1999 and have timely filed, or caused to be filed, or have timely requested
filing extensions for, all other Tax Returns required to be filed with
respect to Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, except where the failure to file
timely such federal income and other Tax Returns would not, in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. All Taxes due by or on behalf of
Seller or any Seller Subsidiary have been paid or adequate reserves have been
established on the Seller Financial Statements for the payment of such Taxes,
except where any such failure to pay or establish adequate reserves would
not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Neither
Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary will have any liability for any such Taxes
in excess of the amounts so paid or reserves or accruals so established
except where such liability would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Seller.       - 10 -  11  (b) All Tax Returns filed by Seller and each
Seller Subsidiary are complete and accurate in all material respects. Neither
Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is delinquent in the payment of any material
Tax, and, except as Previously Disclosed, none of them has requested any
extension of time within which to file any Tax Returns which have not since
been filed. Except as Previously Disclosed or as fully settled and paid or
accrued on the Seller Financial Statements, to Seller\'s knowledge, no
material audit examination, deficiency, adjustment, refund claim or
litigation with respect to Tax Returns, paid Taxes, unpaid Taxes or Tax
attributes of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary has been proposed, asserted or
assessed (tentatively or otherwise). Except as Previously Disclosed, there
are currently no agreements in effect with respect to Seller or any Seller
Subsidiary to extend the period of limitations for the assessment or
collection of any material Tax.   (c) Neither the transactions contemplated
hereby nor the termination of the employment of any employees of Seller or
any Seller Subsidiary prior to or following consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will result in Seller or any Seller Subsidiary (or any
successor thereof) making or being required to make any "excess parachute
payment" as that term is defined in Section 280G of the Code.   (d) Except
as Previously Disclosed, neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is a party
to any agreement (other than an agreement exclusively among Seller and the
Seller Subsidiaries) providing for the allocation or sharing of, or
indemnification for, taxes.   (e) Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary
is required to include in income any adjustment in any taxable period ending
after the date hereof pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code.   (f) Neither
Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary has executed or entered into any written
agreement with any Tax authority conceding or agreeing to any treatment of
Taxes or Tax attributes, including, without limitation, Internal Revenue
Service Form 870 or Form 870-AD, closing agreement or special closing
agreement, affecting the Seller or any Seller Subsidiary pursuant to Section
7121 of the Code or any predecessor provision thereof or any similar
provision of state, local or foreign law, which agreement would have a
material impact on the calculation of the Taxes of Purchaser or any Purchaser
Subsidiary after the Effective Date.   (g) For purposes of this Section 2.12
and Section 2.27, (i) references to Seller and any Seller Subsidiary shall
include predecessors thereof and (ii) "Seller Subsidiary" shall include each
Subsidiary (as defined in Article 1 hereof) of Seller, and each corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity which
Seller controls directly or indirectly (through one or more intermediaries).
For purposes of the previous sentence, "control" means the possession, direct
or indirect, of the power either (1) to vote fifty percent (50%) or more of
the voting interests of a corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture or other entity, or (2) to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of a corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, whether by contract
or otherwise.       - 11 -  12  2.13. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS   (a) A
true and complete list of each material Seller Plan has been Previously
Disclosed. For purposes of this Section 2.13, the term "Seller Plan" means
each bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock purchase,
stock option, severance pay, medical, life or other insurance, profit-
sharing, or pension plan, program, agreement or arrangement, and each other
employee benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement,
sponsored, maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed to by
Seller or by any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that
together with Seller would be deemed a "single employer" under Section 414 of
the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate") for the benefit of any employee or director
or former employee or former director of Seller or any ERISA Affiliate of
Seller.   (b) With respect to each of the Seller Plans, Seller has made
available to Purchaser true and complete copies of each of the
following documents: (a) the Seller Plan and related documents (including all
amendments thereto); (b) the most recent annual reports, financial
statements, and actuarial reports, if any; (c) the most recent summary plan
description, together with each summary of material modifications, required
under ERISA with respect to such Seller Plan and all material communications
relating to each such Seller Plan; and (d) the most recent determination
letter received from the IRS with respect to each Seller Plan that is
intended to be qualified under the Code and all material communications to or
from the IRS or any other governmental or regulatory agency or authority
relating to each Seller Plan.   (c) No liability under Title IV of ERISA has
been incurred by Seller or any ERISA Affiliate of Seller that has not been
satisfied in full, and no condition exists that presents a material risk to
Seller or any ERISA Affiliate of Seller of incurring a liability under such
Title, other than liability for premium payments to the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation, which premiums have been or will be paid when due.  
(d) Neither Seller nor, to the knowledge of Seller, any ERISA Affiliate of
Seller, nor any of the Seller Plans, nor, to the knowledge of Seller, any
trust created thereunder, nor any trustee or administrator thereof has
engaged in a prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 406 of
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code) in connection with which Seller or any
ERISA Affiliate of Seller could reasonably be expected to, either directly or
indirectly, incur any material liability or material cost.   (e) Full
payment has been made, or will be made in accordance with Section 404(a)(6)
of the Code, of all amounts that Seller or any ERISA Affiliate of Seller is
required to pay under Section 412 of the Code or under the terms of the
Seller Plans.   (f) The fair market value of the assets held under
each Seller Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA equals or exceeds
the actuarial present value of all accrued benefits under each such Seller
Plan. No reportable event under Section 4043 of ERISA has occurred with
respect to any Seller Plan other than any reportable event occurring by
reason of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or a reportable
event for which the requirement of notice to the PBGC has been
waived.       - 12 -  13  (g) None of the Seller Plans is a
"multiemployer pension plan," as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of
ERISA, a "multiple employer welfare arrangement," as such term is defined in
Section 3(40) of ERISA, or a single employer plan that has two or more
contributing sponsors, at least two of whom are not under common control,
within the meaning of Section 4063(a) of ERISA.   (h) A favorable
determination letter has been issued by the Internal Revenue Service with
respect to each of the Seller Plans that is intended to be "qualified" within
the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code to the effect that such plan is so
qualified and, to the knowledge of Seller, no condition exists that could
adversely affect the qualified status of any such Seller Plan. Each of the
Seller Plans that is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 125 or
501(c)(9) of the Code satisfies such requirements in all material respects.
Each of the Seller Plans has been operated and administered in all material
respects in accordance with its terms and applicable laws, including but not
limited to ERISA and the Code.   (i) There are no actions, suits or claims
pending, or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened or anticipated (other
than routine claims for benefits) against any Seller Plan, the assets of any
Seller Plan or against Seller or any ERISA Affiliate of Seller with respect
to any Seller Plan. There is no judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order
of any court, governmental body, commission, agency or arbitrator outstanding
against or in favor of any Seller Plan or any fiduciary thereof (other than
rules of general applicability). There are no pending or, to the knowledge of
Seller, threatened audits, examinations or investigations by any governmental
body, commission or agency involving any Seller Plan.   (j) The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
result in, and is not a precondition to, (i) any current or former employee
or director of Seller or any ERISA Affiliate of Seller becoming entitled to
severance pay, unemployment compensation or any similar payment, (ii) any
acceleration in the time of payment or vesting, or increase in the amount, of
any compensation due to any such current or former employee or director, or
(iii) any renewal or extension of the term of any agreement regarding
compensation for any such current or former employee or director.   2.14.
CERTAIN CONTRACTS   (a) Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is a
party to, or is bound by, (i) any material contract as defined in Item
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC or any other contract or similar
arrangement reasonably deemed material by Seller\'s management, whether or
not made in the ordinary course of business (other than loans or loan
commitments and funding transactions in the ordinary course of business of
any Seller Subsidiary) or any agreement restricting the nature or geographic
scope of its business activities in any material respect, (ii) any agreement,
indenture or other instrument relating to the borrowing of money by Seller or
any Seller Subsidiary or the guarantee by Seller or any Seller Subsidiary of
any such obligation, in each case amounting singly or in the aggregate to
more than $100,000, other than agreements, indentures, instruments or
guarantees relating to transactions entered into in the ordinary course of
business, (iii) any agreement, arrangement or commitment relating to the
employment of a consultant who was formerly a director or executive officer
of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary or the employment, election, retention in
office or severance of any present or former director or       - 13 - 
14 officer of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, or (iv) any contract,
agreement or understanding with a labor union, in each case whether written
or oral.   (b) Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is in default under
any material agreement, commitment, arrangement, lease, insurance policy or
other instrument whether entered into in the ordinary course of business or
otherwise and whether written or oral, and there has not occurred any event
that, with the lapse of time or giving of notice or both, would constitute
such a default, except for such defaults which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.   2.15. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   There are no actions, suits or proceedings instituted, pending
or, to the knowledge of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, threatened against
Seller or any Seller Subsidiary or against any asset, interest or right of
Seller or any Seller Subsidiary which could reasonably be expected to,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.
To the knowledge of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, there are no actual or
threatened actions, suits or proceedings which present a claim to restrain or
prohibit the transactions contemplated herein or to impose any material
liability in connection therewith which could reasonably be expected to,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.
There are no actions, suits or proceedings instituted, pending or, to the
knowledge of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, threatened against any present
or, to Seller\'s knowledge former director or officer of Seller or any Seller
Subsidiary, that would reasonably be expected to give rise to a claim for
indemnification and that could reasonably be expected to, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.   2.16. COMPLIANCE
WITH LAWS   Except as Previously Disclosed, Seller and each Seller
Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with all statutes and
regulations applicable to the conduct of its business, and neither Seller nor
any Seller Subsidiary has received notification from any agency or department
of federal, state or local government (i) asserting a material violation of
any such statute or regulation, (ii) threatening to revoke any license,
franchise, permit or government authorization or (iii) restricting or in any
way limiting its operations, except for such noncompliance, violations,
revocations, limitations and restrictions which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Neither Seller nor
any Seller Subsidiary is subject to any regulatory or supervisory cease and
desist order, agreement, directive, memorandum of understanding or commitment
which would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Seller, and none of them has received any communication requesting that they
enter into any of the foregoing.   2.17. LABOR MATTERS   With respect to
their employees, neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is a party to any
labor agreement with any labor organization, group or association and has not
engaged in any unfair labor practice. Since January 1, 2000 and prior to the
date hereof, to Seller\'s knowledge, Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries have
not experienced any attempt by organized labor or its       - 14 - 
15 representatives to make Seller or any Seller Subsidiary conform to demands
of organized labor relating to their employees or to enter into a
binding agreement with organized labor that would cover the employees of
Seller or any Seller Subsidiary. To the knowledge of Seller and the Seller
Subsidiaries, there is no unfair labor practice charge or other complaint by
any employee or former employee of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary against
any of them pending before any court, arbitrator or governmental agency
arising out of Seller\'s or such Seller Subsidiary\'s activities, which
charge or complaint would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on Seller; there is no labor strike or labor disturbance
pending or, to the knowledge of Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries,
threatened against any of them; and neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary
has experienced a work stoppage or other material labor difficulty since
January 1, 2000.   2.18. BROKERS AND FINDERS   Neither Seller nor any
Seller Subsidiary, nor any of their respective officers, directors or
employees, has employed any broker, finder or financial advisor or incurred
any liability for any fees or commissions in connection with the transactions
contemplated herein or the Plan of Merger, except for Seller\'s retention of
Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, Inc. ("KBW") and J.P. Morgan and Co. ("JP Morgan") to
perform certain financial advisory services as Previously Disclosed. Prior to
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, JP Morgan has delivered to the
Board of Directors of Seller an opinion that the Merger Consideration is fair
from a financial point of view to the shareholders of Seller.   2.19.
INSURANCE   Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries each currently maintains
insurance in amounts considered by Seller and any Seller Subsidiary as
applicable, to be reasonably necessary for their operations. Neither Seller
nor any Seller Subsidiary has received any notice of a material premium
increase over current rates or cancellation with respect to any of its
insurance policies or bonds, and within the last three years, neither Seller
nor any Seller Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or
applied for, and Seller has no reason to believe that existing insurance
coverage cannot be renewed as and when the same shall expire, upon terms and
conditions substantially as favorable as those presently in effect, other
than possible increases in premiums or unavailability in coverage that have
not resulted from any extraordinary loss experience of Seller or any Seller
Subsidiary. Seller has Previously Disclosed a list of all outstanding claims
as of the date hereof by Seller or any Seller Subsidiary under any insurance
policy. The deposits of Seller Bank are insured by the FDIC in accordance
with the FDIA, and Seller Bank and its predecessors have paid all assessments
and filed all reports required by the FDIA.   2.20. ENVIRONMENTAL
LIABILITY   Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary has received any
written notice of any legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceeding,
claim or action and, to the knowledge of Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries,
there is no governmental investigation of any nature ongoing, in each case
that would reasonably be expected to result in the imposition, on Seller or
any Seller Subsidiary of any liability arising under any local, state or
federal environmental statute,       - 15 -  16 regulation or
ordinance including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, which liability
would have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller; except as Previously
Disclosed, there are no facts or circumstances known to Seller which would
reasonably be expected to form the basis for any such proceeding,
claim, action or governmental investigation that would impose any such
liability; and neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is subject to any
agreement, order, judgment, decree or memorandum by or with any court,
governmental authority, regulatory agency or third party imposing any such
liability.   2.21. ADMINISTRATION OF TRUST ACCOUNTS   Each Seller
Subsidiary has properly administered all common trust funds and collective
investment funds and all accounts for which it acts as a fiduciary or agent,
including but not limited to accounts for which it serves as a trustee,
agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator or
investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of the governing
documents and applicable state and federal law and regulation and common law,
except where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Neither Seller, any
Seller Subsidiary, nor any director, officer or employee of Seller or any
Seller Subsidiary acting on behalf of Seller or a Seller Subsidiary, has
committed any breach of trust with respect to any such common trust fund or
collective investment fund or fiduciary or agency account, and the
accountings for each such common trust fund or collective investment fund or
fiduciary or agency account are true and correct in all material respects and
accurately reflect the assets of such common trust fund or collective
investment fund or fiduciary or agency account, except for such breaches and
failures to be true, correct and accurate which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.   2.22.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY   Except as Previously Disclosed, Seller or a Seller
Subsidiary owns the entire right, title and interest in and to, or has valid
licenses with respect to, all of the Intellectual Property necessary in all
material respects to conduct the business and operations of Seller and the
Seller Subsidiaries as presently conducted, except where the failure to do so
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on Seller. The ownership, licensing or use of Intellectual Property by Seller
or its Subsidiaries does not conflict with, infringe, misappropriate or
otherwise violate the Intellectual Property rights of any other person or
entity. None of such Intellectual Property is subject to any outstanding
order, decree, judgment, stipulation, settlement, lien, charge, encumbrance
or attachment, which order, decree, judgment, stipulation, settlement, lien,
charge, encumbrance or attachment would have a Material Adverse Effect on
Seller. Except as Previously Disclosed, upon consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement Purchaser and the Purchaser Subsidiaries will
be entitled to continue to use all such Intellectual Property without the
payment of any fees, licenses or other payments (other than ongoing payments
required under license agreements for software used by Seller or the Seller
Subsidiaries in Previously Disclosed amounts consistent with past
practice).       - 16 -  17  2.23. RISK MANAGEMENT INSTRUMENTS   All
interest rate swaps, caps, floors, option agreements, futures and forward
contracts and other similar risk management arrangements to which Seller or a
Seller Subsidiary is a party, whether entered into for Seller\'s own account,
or for the account of one or more of the Seller Subsidiaries or
their customers, were entered into (i) in accordance with prudent business
practices and all applicable laws, rules, regulations and regulatory policies
and (ii) with counterparties believed to be financially responsible at the
time; and each of them constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation
of Seller or one of the Seller Subsidiaries, enforceable in accordance with
its terms (except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general
equity principles), and neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary nor to
Seller\'s knowledge, any other party thereto, is in breach of any of its
obligations under any such agreement or arrangement. Seller has previously
made available to Purchaser all of such agreements and arrangements that are
in effect as of the date of this Agreement.   2.24. REPURCHASE
AGREEMENTS   With respect to all agreements pursuant to which Seller or any
Seller Subsidiary has purchased securities subject to an agreement to resell,
if any, Seller or such Seller Subsidiary, as the case may be, has a valid,
perfected first lien or security interest in or evidence of ownership in book
entry form of the government securities or other collateral securing the
repurchase agreements, and the value of such collateral equals or exceeds the
amount of the debt secured thereby.   2.25. CERTAIN INFORMATION   When
the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto shall
become effective, and at all times subsequent to such effectiveness up to and
including the time of the Seller shareholders\' meeting to vote upon the
Merger, such Registration Statement and all amendments or supplements
thereto, with respect to all information set forth or incorporated by
reference therein furnished by Seller relating to Seller and the
Seller Subsidiaries, (i) shall comply in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of the Securities Laws, and (ii) shall not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements contained therein
not misleading. All information concerning Seller and its directors,
officers, shareholders and any Subsidiaries included (or submitted for
inclusion) in any application and furnished by it pursuant to Section 4.3 of
this Agreement shall be true, correct and complete in all material
respects.   2.26. YEAR 2000   The computer software operated by Seller and
any Seller Subsidiary which is material to the conduct of the business of
Seller and any Seller Subsidiary is capable of providing uninterrupted
millennium functionality to record, store, process and present calendar dates
falling on or after January 1, 2000 in substantially the same manner and with
the same functionality as such software records, stores, processes and
presents such calendar dates falling on or before December 31, 1999, and such
software and Seller and any Seller Subsidiary       - 17 - 
18 currently are otherwise in compliance with all relevant Regulatory
Authority guidance and requirements relating to the Year 2000 computer issues
including the statements of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination
Council, dated May 5, 1997, entitled "Year 2000 Project Management
Awareness," and December 1997, entitled "Safety and Soundness Guidelines
Concerning the Year 2000 Business Risk." The costs of the adaptations
referred to in this clause have not and will not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Seller.   2.27. TAX TREATMENT   As of the date of this
Agreement, Seller knows of no reason relating to it or any of the Seller
Subsidiaries which would reasonably cause it to believe that the Merger will
not qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.   2.28.
TAKEOVER LAWS   Seller has taken all action required to by taken by it in
order to exempt this Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the
Option Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby from,
and this Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Option
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby are exempt
from, the requirements of any "moratorium," "control share," "fair price,"
"affiliate transaction," "business combination," or other antitakeover laws
and regulations of any state (collectively, "Takeover Laws"), including,
without limitation, the State of New York.   ARTICLE 3.  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF  PURCHASER AND MERGER SUB   Except as Previously
Disclosed, Purchaser and Merger Sub hereby jointly and severally represent
and warrant to Seller as follows:   3.1. CAPITAL STRUCTURE OF PURCHASER  
The authorized capital stock of Purchaser consists at March 31, 2000 of (i)
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share ("Purchaser
Preferred Stock"), none of which were issued and outstanding and (ii)
15,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $5.00 per share
("Purchaser Common Stock"), of which, as of July 7, 2000, 7,650,380 shares
were issued and outstanding, 451,159 shares were held in treasury and
approximately 234,439 shares were reserved for issuance under plans or
arrangements relating to options or other Rights. All outstanding shares of
Purchaser capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are
fully paid and nonassessable. None of the shares of Purchaser\'s capital
stock has been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any person.
The shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
Merger have been duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the
terms of this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger, will be
validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free and clear of any
preemptive rights.       - 18 -  19  3.2. ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND
AUTHORITY OF PURCHASER   Purchaser is a duly incorporated corporation,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of New York, with full
corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and
is duly licensed or qualified to do business in the states of the United
States and foreign jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property
or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the
failure to have such corporate power and authority or to be so licensed or
qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser. Purchaser is
registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act.  
3.3. OWNERSHIP OF PURCHASER SUBSIDIARIES; CAPITAL STRUCTURE OF PURCHASER
SUBSIDIARIES   Purchaser has no Subsidiary other than: (i) Subsidiaries
disclosed in Purchaser\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 1999; (ii) Merger Sub; or (iii) any Subsidiary that, taken as a
whole together with other excluded Subsidiaries of Purchaser not Previously
Disclosed, is not a significant subsidiary under the SEC\'s Regulation S-X.
Except as Previously Disclosed, the outstanding shares of capital stock of
the Purchaser Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued and
are fully paid and (except as provided in 12 U.S.C. Section 55 or Section 114
of the New York Banking Law) nonassessable and all such shares are directly
or indirectly owned by Purchaser free and clear of all liens, claims and
encumbrances. No Purchaser Subsidiary has or is bound by any Rights which are
authorized, issued or outstanding with respect to the capital stock of any
Purchaser Subsidiary and, except as Previously Disclosed, there are no
agreements, understandings or commitments relating to the right of Purchaser
to vote or to dispose of said shares. None of the shares of capital stock of
any Purchaser Subsidiary has been issued in violation of the preemptive
rights of any person.   3.4. ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND AUTHORITY OF
PURCHASER SUBSIDIARIES   Each Purchaser Subsidiary is a duly organized
corporation or banking corporation, validly existing and in good standing
under applicable laws, except where the failure to be duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Purchaser. Each Purchaser Subsidiary (i) has full power and authority to
carry on its business as now conducted, and (ii) is duly licensed or
qualified to do business in the states of the United States and foreign
jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of
its business requires such licensing or qualification and where failure to
have such corporate power and authority or to be licensed or qualified would
have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser. Each Purchaser Subsidiary has
all federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorizations necessary
for it to own or lease its properties and assets and to carry on its business
as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to be so authorized
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.   3.5. AUTHORIZED
AND EFFECTIVE AGREEMENT   (a) Each of Purchaser and Merger Sub has all
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform all of its
obligations under this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger. The
execution and delivery of this Reorganization Agreement and the       -
19 -  20 Plan of Merger and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all
necessary corporate action in respect thereof on the part of Purchaser and
Merger Sub.   (b) Assuming the accuracy of the representation contained in
Section 2.5(b) hereof, this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of
Merger constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of each of Purchaser
and Merger Sub, in each case enforceable against it in accordance with their
respective terms subject, as to enforceability, to bankruptcy, insolvency and
other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\'
rights and to general equity principles.   (c) Neither the execution and
delivery of this Reorganization Agreement or the Plan of Merger, nor
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor
compliance by Purchaser or Merger Sub with any of the provisions hereof or
thereof shall (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of the
articles or certificate of incorporation or association, charter or bylaws of
Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary, (ii) assuming the consents and
approvals contemplated by Section 4.3 hereof and the consents and approvals
which are Previously Disclosed are duly obtained, constitute or result in a
breach of any term, condition or provision of, or constitute a default under,
or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration with
respect to, or result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon
any property or asset of Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary pursuant to,
any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, agreement or other instrument
or obligation, or (iii) assuming the consents and approvals contemplated by
Section 4.3 hereof and the consents and approvals which are Previously
Disclosed are duly obtained, violate any order, writ, injunction, decree,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to Purchaser or any Purchaser
Subsidiary, except (in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above) for such
violations, rights, conflicts, breaches, creations or defaults which, either
individually or in the aggregate, will not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Purchaser.   (d) Except for approvals specified in Section 4.3 hereof and
except as expressly referred to in this Reorganization Agreement, no consent,
approval or authorization of, or declaration, notice, filing or registration
with, any governmental or regulatory authority, or any other person, is
required to be made or obtained by Purchaser or Merger Sub on or prior to the
Closing Date in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the Plan of Merger or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby. As of the date hereof, Purchaser is not aware
of any reason that the condition set forth in Section 5.1(b) of this
Agreement, including the proviso thereto, would not be satisfied.   3.6. SEC
DOCUMENTS; REGULATORY FILINGS   Purchaser has filed all SEC Documents
required by the Securities Laws since December 31, 1994, and such SEC
Documents complied, as of their respective dates, in all material respects
with the Securities Laws. Purchaser and each of the Purchaser Subsidiaries
has filed all reports required by statute or regulation to be filed with any
federal or state bank regulatory agency, except where the failure to so file
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser, and such reports were
prepared in accordance with the applicable statutes, regulations and
instructions in existence as of the date of filing of such reports in all
material respects.       - 20 -  21  3.7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; BOOKS
AND RECORDS; MINUTE BOOKS   The Purchaser Financial Statements filed by
Purchaser in SEC documents prior to the date of this Agreement fairly
present, and the Purchaser Financial Statements filed by Purchaser in SEC
Documents after the date of the Agreement will fairly present the
consolidated financial position of Purchaser and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of
operations, changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flows of Purchaser and
its consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods then ended and each such
financial statement has been or will be, as the case may be, prepared
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applicable
to financial institutions applied on a consistent basis except as
disclosed therein and except in the case of unaudited statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q and subject to normal recurring year-end adjustments.
The books and records of Purchaser and each Purchaser Subsidiary fairly
reflect in all material respects the transactions to which it is a party or
by which its properties are subject or bound. Such books and records have
been properly kept and maintained and are in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable legal and accounting requirements. The minute
books of Purchaser and the Purchaser Subsidiaries contain records which are
accurate in all material respects of all corporate actions of its
shareholders and Board of Directors (including committees of its Board of
Directors).   3.8. MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE   Purchaser has not, on a
consolidated basis, suffered any change in its financial condition, results
of operations or business since December 31, 1999 which individually or in
the aggregate with any other such changes would constitute a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to Purchaser.   3.9. ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED
LIABILITIES   Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Subsidiary has any
liability (contingent or otherwise), excluding contractually assumed
contingencies, that is material to Purchaser on a consolidated basis, or
that, when combined with all similar undisclosed liabilities, would be
material to Purchaser on a consolidated basis, except as Previously
Disclosed, as disclosed in the Purchaser Financial Statements filed with the
SEC prior to the date hereof and except for liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of business subsequent to December 31, 1999.   3.10.
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS   Each of the Purchaser Plans complies in all
material respects with the requirements of applicable law, including ERISA
and the Code. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Purchaser Plan" means
each bonus, incentive compensation, severance pay, medical or other insurance
program, retirement plan, or other employee benefit plan program, agreement
or arrangement sponsored, maintained or contributed to by Purchaser or any
trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that together with Purchaser
or any of the Purchaser Subsidiaries would be deemed a "single employer"
under Section 414 of the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate") or under which Purchaser
or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability or obligation. No liability under
Title IV of ERISA has been incurred by Purchaser or any ERISA Affiliate that
has not been satisfied in full, and no condition exists that presents a
material risk to Purchaser or any ERISA       - 21 -  22 Affiliate of
incurring any such liability. Full payment has been made, or will be made in
accordance with Section 404(a)(6) of the Code of all amounts that Purchaser
or any ERISA Affiliate is required to pay under Section 412 of the Code or
under the terms of the Purchaser Plans, and no accumulated funding deficiency
(within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code) exists with respect to any
Purchaser Plan.   3.11. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   There are no actions, suits or
proceedings instituted, pending or, to the knowledge of Purchaser and Merger
Sub, threatened against Purchaser, Merger Sub or any Purchaser Subsidiary or
against any asset, interest or right of Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary
which could reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser. There are no actual or, to the
knowledge of Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary, threatened actions, suits
or proceedings which present a claim to restrain or prohibit the transactions
contemplated herein or to impose any material liability in connection
therewith which could reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.   3.12. COMPLIANCE
WITH LAWS   Except as Previously Disclosed, each of Purchaser and the
Purchaser Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all
statutes and regulations applicable to the conduct of its business, and none
of them has received notification from any agency or department of federal,
state or local government (i) asserting a material violation of any such
statute or regulation, (ii) threatening to revoke any license, franchise,
permit or government authorization or (iii) restricting or in any way
limiting its operations, except for such noncompliance, violations,
revocations, limitations and restrictions which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser. None of Purchaser
or any Purchaser Subsidiary is subject to any regulatory or supervisory cease
and desist order, agreement, directive, memorandum of understanding or
commitment which could be reasonably anticipated to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Purchaser, and none of them has received any communication
requesting that they enter into any of the foregoing.   3.13. TAX
MATTERS   (a) Purchaser and each Purchaser Subsidiary have timely filed, or
have timely requested filing extensions for, federal income tax returns for
each year through December 31, 1998 and have timely filed, or caused to be
filed, or have timely requested filing extensions for, all other Tax Returns
required to be filed with respect to Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary,
except where the failure to file timely such federal income and other Tax
Returns would not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on
Purchaser. All Taxes due by or on behalf of Purchaser or any
Purchaser Subsidiary have been paid or adequate reserves have been
established on the Purchaser Financial Statements for the payment of such
Taxes, except where any such failure to pay or establish adequate reserves
would not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.
Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Subsidiary will have any material
liability for any such Taxes in excess of the amounts so paid or reserves or
accruals so established except where such liability would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Purchaser.       - 22 -  23  (b) All Tax Returns
filed by Purchaser and each Purchaser Subsidiary are complete and accurate in
all material respects. Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Subsidiary is
delinquent in the payment of any material Tax, and, except as Previously
Disclosed, none of them has requested any extension of time within which to
file any Tax Returns which have not since been filed. Except as Previously
Disclosed or as fully settled and paid or accrued on the Purchaser Financial
Statements, to Purchaser\'s knowledge, no material audit examination,
deficiency, adjustment, refund claim or litigation with respect to Tax
Returns, paid Taxes, unpaid Taxes or Tax attributes of Purchaser or any
Purchaser Subsidiary has been proposed, asserted or assessed (tentatively or
otherwise).   (c) Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Subsidiary is a party
to any agreement (other than an agreement exclusively among Purchaser and the
Purchaser Subsidiaries) providing for the allocation or sharing of,
or indemnification for, Taxes.   (d) Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser
Subsidiary is required to include in income any adjustment in any taxable
period ending after the date hereof pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code
other than any adjustment for which it already has made an accrual.   (e)
Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Subsidiary has executed or entered into
any written agreement with any Tax authority conceding or agreeing to any
treatment of Taxes or Tax attributes, including, without limitation, Internal
Revenue Service Form 870 or Form 870-AD, closing agreement or special closing
agreement, affecting the Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary pursuant to
Section 7121 of the Code or any predecessor provision thereof or any similar
provision of state, local or foreign law, which agreement would have a
Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary.   (f) For
purposes of this Section 3.13 and Section 3.19, (i) references to Purchaser
and any Purchaser Subsidiary shall include predecessors thereof and (ii)
"Purchaser Subsidiary" shall include each Subsidiary (as defined in Article 1
hereof) of Purchaser, and each corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture or other entity which Purchaser controls directly or
indirectly (through one or more intermediaries). For purposes of the previous
sentence, "control" means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power
either (1) to vote fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting interests of a
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other
entity, or (2) to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture or other entity, whether by contract or otherwise.   3.14. BROKERS
AND FINDERS   Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Subsidiary, nor any of
their respective officers, directors or employees, has employed any broker,
finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any fees or
commissions in connection with the transactions contemplated herein or the
Plan of Merger.       - 23 -  24  3.15. INSURANCE   Purchaser and
the Purchaser Subsidiaries each currently maintains insurance in amounts
considered by Purchaser and any Purchaser Subsidiary as applicable, to be
reasonably necessary for their operations. Neither Purchaser nor any
Purchaser Subsidiary has received any notice of a material premium increase
or cancellation with respect to any of its insurance policies or bonds, and
within the last three years, neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Subsidiary
has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and Purchaser
has no reason to believe that existing insurance coverage cannot be renewed
as and when the same shall expire, upon terms and conditions substantially as
favorable as those presently in effect, other than possible increases in
premiums or unavailability in coverage that have not resulted from any
extraordinary loss experience of Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary.  
3.16. ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY   Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser
Subsidiary has received any written notice of any legal, administrative,
arbitral or other proceeding, claim or action and, to the knowledge of
Purchaser and the Purchaser Subsidiaries, there is no governmental
investigation of any nature ongoing, in each case that could reasonably be
expected to result in the imposition, on Purchaser or any Purchaser
Subsidiary of any liability arising under any local, state or federal
environmental statute, regulation or ordinance including, without limitation,
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of
1980, as amended, which liability would have a Material Adverse Effect on
Purchaser; except as Previously Disclosed, there are no facts or
circumstances known to Purchaser which could reasonably be expected to
form the basis for any such proceeding, claim, action or governmental
investigation that would impose any such liability; and neither Purchaser nor
any Purchaser Subsidiary is subject to any agreement, order, judgment, decree
or memorandum by or with any court, governmental authority, regulatory agency
or third party imposing any such liability.   3.17. CERTAIN INFORMATION  
When the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto shall
become effective, and at all times subsequent to such effectiveness up to and
including the time of the Seller shareholders\' meeting to vote upon the
Merger, such Registration Statement and all amendments or supplements
thereto, except with respect to all information set forth or incorporated by
reference therein furnished by Seller relating to Seller and the Seller
Subsidiaries, (i) shall comply in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Securities Laws, and (ii) shall not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements contained therein
not misleading. All information concerning Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders and any Subsidiaries included (or submitted for
inclusion) in any application and furnished by it pursuant to Section 4.3 of
this Agreement shall be true, correct and complete in all material
respects.       - 24 -  25  3.18. YEAR 2000   The computer software
operated by Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary which is material to the
conduct of Purchaser\'s or any Purchaser Subsidiary\'s business is capable of
providing uninterrupted millennium functionality to record, store, process
and present calendar dates falling on or after January 1, 2000 in
substantially the same manner and with the same functionality as such
software records, stores, processes and presents such calendar dates falling
on or before December 31, 1999, and such software and Purchaser or any
Purchaser Subsidiary currently are otherwise in compliance with all relevant
Regulatory Authority guidance and requirements relating to the Year 2000
computer issues including the statements of the Federal
Financial Institutions Examination Council, dated May 5, 1997, entitled "Year
2000 Project Management Awareness," and December 1997, entitled "Safety
and Soundness Guidelines Concerning the Year 2000 Business Risk." The costs
of the adaptations referred to in this clause will not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Purchaser.   3.19. TAX TREATMENT   As of the date of
this Agreement, Purchaser knows of no reason relating to it or any of the
Purchaser Subsidiaries which would reasonably cause it to believe that the
Merger will not qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
Code.   3.20. MERGER CONSIDERATION   Purchaser will have, at the Effective
Time, unissued shares of Common Stock and shares of Common Stock held in its
treasury that are not reserved for any other purpose sufficient to provide
the Stock Consideration and also will have available to it at the Effective
Time funds sufficient to provide the Cash Consideration.   ARTICLE 4. 
COVENANTS   4.1. SHAREHOLDERS\' MEETING   Seller shall submit this
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger to its shareholders for
approval at a special meeting to be held as soon as practicable. Subject to
the fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors of Seller as determined after
consultation with counsel, the Board of Directors of Seller shall recommend
that the shareholders of Seller vote in favor of such approval. At such
meeting, subject to the fiduciary or contractual duties of Purchaser with
respect to shares of Seller Common Stock held in fiduciary accounts,
Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, cause all shares of
Seller Common Stock then owned by Purchaser or any such Subsidiary, if any,
to be voted in favor of the adoption of this Reorganization Agreement and the
Plan of Merger.   4.2. PROXY STATEMENT; REGISTRATION STATEMENT   As
promptly as practicable after the date hereof, Purchaser and Seller shall
cooperate in the preparation of the Proxy Statement to be mailed to
the shareholders of Seller in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and to be filed by Purchaser as      
- 25 -  26 part of the Registration Statement. Purchaser and Seller shall
cooperate in the preparation of the Registration Statement and shall file
with the Commission the Registration Statement and cause the Registration
Statement to become effective as promptly as practicable after the date
hereof. Purchaser will advise Seller, promptly after it receives notice
thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto has become effective or any supplement or amendment has
been filed, of the issuance of any stop order, of the suspension of
qualification of the Purchaser Common Stock issuable in connection with the
Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threat
of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any comments or request by the
SEC for the amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or for
additional information. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event
shall occur that should be set forth in an amendment of or a supplement to
the Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement, Purchaser, Merger Sub and
Seller shall cooperate with each other in the preparation of any amendment or
supplement thereto, and each shall notify the other of the receipt of any
comments of the SEC with respect to the Registration Statement or the Proxy
Statement and of any requests by the SEC for any amendment or supplement
thereto or for additional information, and shall provide to the other
promptly copies of all correspondence between Purchaser or Seller, as the
case may be, or any of its Representatives with respect to the Registration
Statement or the Proxy Statement. Purchaser shall give Seller and its counsel
the opportunity to review the Registration Statement and all responses to
requests for additional information by and replies to comments of the SEC
before their being filed with, or sent to, the SEC, and Purchaser shall
prepare and file with the SEC such amendment or supplement as soon thereafter
as is reasonably practicable. Each of Seller, Purchaser and Merger Sub agrees
to use its best efforts, after consultation with the other parties hereto, to
respond promptly to all such comments of and requests by the SEC and to cause
(x) the Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC at the
earliest practicable time and to be kept effective as long as is necessary to
consummate the Merger, and (y) the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
holders of Seller Common Stock entitled to vote at the meeting of the
stockholders of Seller at the earliest practicable time. Purchaser shall take
all actions necessary to register or qualify the shares of Purchaser Common
Stock to be issued in the Merger pursuant to all applicable state "blue sky"
or securities laws and shall maintain such registrations or qualifications in
effect for all purposes hereof. Purchaser shall apply for, and shall use
reasonable best efforts to obtain, approval to list the shares of Purchaser
Common Stock to be issued in the Merger on the NYSE, subject to official
notice of issuance, prior to the Effective Date.   4.3. APPLICATIONS   As
promptly as practicable after the date hereof, and after a reasonable
opportunity for review by counsel to Seller, Purchaser shall submit any
requisite applications for prior approval of, and notices with respect
to, the transactions contemplated herein, in the Plan of Merger and in the
Bank Merger Agreement, to (i) the Federal Reserve Board pursuant to Sections
3 and 4 of the Bank Holding Company Act and the Bank Merger Act, (ii) the New
York Banking Board pursuant to Section 142 of the New York Banking Law, and
(iii) the OCC pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 5.33(g)(3), and each of the
parties hereto shall, and they shall cause their respective subsidiaries to,
submit any applications, notices or other filings to any other state or
federal government agency, department or body the approval of which is
required for consummation of the Merger and the Bank Merger. Seller and
Purchaser each represents and warrants to the other that all information
concerning it and its directors, officers, shareholders and
subsidiaries       - 26 -  27 included (or submitted for inclusion) in
any such application and furnished by it shall be true, correct and complete
in all material respects. Purchaser will provide all information and
communications requested by the applicable governmental or regulatory
authorities, and Purchaser will proceed diligently and in good faith to
obtain the requisite regulatory approvals.   4.4. BEST EFFORTS   (a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
and Seller shall each use its reasonable best efforts in good faith, and each
of them shall cause its Subsidiaries to use their reasonable best efforts in
good faith, to (i) furnish such information as may be required in connection
with the preparation of the documents referred to in Sections 4.2 and 4.3
above, and (ii) take or cause to be taken all action necessary or desirable
on its part so as to permit consummation of the Merger on or at the earliest
possible date, including, without limitation, (1) obtaining the consent or
approval of each individual, partnership, corporation, association or other
business or professional entity whose consent or approval is required for
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, provided that neither
Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary shall agree to make any payments or
modifications to agreements in connection therewith without the prior written
consent of Purchaser, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and
(2) requesting the delivery of appropriate opinions, consents and
letters from its counsel and independent auditors. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, no party hereto shall take or fail to take, or
cause or permit its Subsidiaries to take or fail to take, or to the best of
its ability permit to be taken or omitted to be taken by any third persons,
any action that would substantially impair the prospects of completing the
Merger pursuant to this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger, that
would materially delay such completion, or that would adversely affect the
qualification of the Merger as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code; provided that nothing herein contained shall preclude
Purchaser from exercising its rights under the Option Agreement. In the event
that either party has taken any action, whether before, on or after the date
hereof, that would adversely affect such qualification, each party shall take
such action as the other party may reasonably request to cure such effect to
the extent curable without a Material Adverse Effect on either of the
parties.   (b) Unless prohibited by applicable law, Seller shall give
prompt notice to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall give prompt notice to Seller,
of (i) the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any event known to it which
occurrence or failure would be reasonably likely to cause any representation
or warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate at any
time from the date hereof to the Closing Date such that the condition set
forth in Section 5.2(a) or 5.3(a), as applicable, would not be met if such
failure to be true or accurate were to occur or be continuing on the Closing
Date, and (ii) any material failure of Seller or Purchaser known to Seller or
Purchaser, as the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder, and
each party shall use all reasonable best efforts to remedy such failure.  
(c) From the date of this Agreement through the Effective Date, to the extent
permitted by law, Seller shall, and shall cause the Seller Subsidiaries to,
provide such assistance to Purchaser at Purchaser\'s expense and as it shall
reasonably request to assist Purchaser in converting and transferring as soon
as practicable after the Effective Date all information       - 27 - 
28 concerning the loans, deposits and other assets and liabilities of Seller
and the Seller Subsidiaries into Purchaser\'s own data processing system,
with a view to facilitating the integration of Purchaser\'s and Seller\'s
systems and otherwise combining Purchaser\'s and Seller\'s operations upon
consummation of the Merger; provided, however, that neither Seller nor any
Seller Subsidiary shall be required to take any action pursuant to this
sentence that would interfere unreasonably with the ongoing operations of
Seller or such Seller Subsidiary. After execution of this Agreement, to the
extent permitted by law and contracts to which they are a party, Seller shall
provide Purchaser with computer file instructions with respect to the
information in its data processing system regarding the assets and
liabilities of Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries, together with operational
procedures designed to implement the transfer of such information to
Purchaser, with a view to facilitating the integration of Purchaser\'s and
Seller\'s systems and otherwise combining Purchaser\'s and Seller\'s
operations upon consummation of the Merger. After execution of this
Agreement, Seller and Purchaser shall each designate an individual to serve
as liaison concerning the transfer of data processing information and other
similar operational matters and to consult as to whether and when Seller will
proceed with its pending data processing conversion.   (d) In the event that
this Agreement is terminated without the transactions contemplated hereby
having been consummated, upon the request of Seller, Purchaser will and will
cause its representatives to promptly redeliver or cause to be redelivered,
or, at its sole discretion, destroy or caused to be destroyed, all copies of
documents and information furnished by Seller, as the case may be, or its
representatives to such party and its representatives in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and destroy or cause to be
destroyed all notes, memoranda, summaries, analyses, compilations and other
writings related thereto or based thereon prepared by Purchaser or its
representatives.   (e) Each party shall provide and shall request
its auditors to provide the other party with such historical financial
information regarding it (and related audit reports and consents) as the
other party may reasonably request for disclosure purposes under the
Securities Laws.   4.5. INVESTIGATION AND CONFIDENTIALITY   Seller and
Purchaser each will keep the other advised of all material developments
relevant to its business and to consummation of the transactions contemplated
herein and in the Plan of Merger. Purchaser and Seller each may make or cause
to be made such investigation of the financial and legal condition of the
other as such party reasonably deems necessary or advisable in connection
with the transactions contemplated herein and in the Plan of
Merger, provided, however, that such investigation shall be conducted during
normal business hours on reasonable notice and shall be reasonably related to
such transactions and shall not interfere unnecessarily with normal
operations. Purchaser and Seller agree to furnish the other and the other\'s
advisors with such financial data and other information with respect to its
business and properties as such other party shall from time to time
reasonably request. No investigation pursuant to this Section 4.5 shall
affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty made by, or the
conditions to the obligations to consummate the Merger of, any party hereto.
Each party hereto shall hold all information furnished by the other party or
any of such party\'s Subsidiaries or representatives pursuant to this
Agreement in confidence to the extent required       - 28 -  29 by,
and in accordance with, the provisions of the confidentiality
agreement, dated June 14, 2000, between Seller and Purchaser (the
"Confidentiality Agreement").   4.6. PRESS RELEASES   Seller and
Purchaser shall agree with each other as to the form and substance of any
press release related to this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and shall consult each
other as to the form and substance of other public disclosures related
thereto, provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall prohibit any
party, following notification to the other parties, from making any
disclosure which is required by applicable law or NYSE or Amex rules.   4.7.
ACTIONS PENDING THE MERGER   (a) Prior to the Closing Date, and except as
otherwise provided for by this Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger,
the Option Agreement, or consented to or approved by the other party hereto,
each of Purchaser and Seller shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries
to, use its reasonable best efforts to preserve in all material respects
its properties, business and relationships with customers, employees and
other persons.   (b) Seller shall not, and shall not permit any of
the Seller Subsidiaries to, except with the prior written consent of
Purchaser and except as Previously Disclosed or expressly contemplated or
permitted by this Agreement, the Plan of Merger, or the Option Agreement:  
(1) carry on its business other than in the usual, regular and ordinary
course in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted;   (2) in
the case of Seller only, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or
other distribution in respect of its capital stock other than its regular
quarterly cash dividends on Seller Common Stock in amounts not in excess of
$0.15 per share except as permitted by Section 4.14;   (3) issue any shares
of its capital stock or permit any treasury shares to become outstanding
other than pursuant to the Option Agreement or pursuant to Seller\'s Dividend
Reinvestment Plan or Rights outstanding at the date hereof or that become
outstanding hereafter in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;   (4)
incur any additional debt obligation or other obligation for borrowed money
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;   (5) issue, grant or authorize any Rights or effect any
recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split or like
change in capitalization, or redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire
any shares of its capital stock except for Trust Account Shares and DPC
Shares, and except for shares to be used to fulfill Seller\'s obligations
under the Seller Stock Option Plans, the Premier National Bancorp Retirement
and Thrift Plan and the Seller Dividend Reinvestment Plan; provided, however,
that in order to fulfill such obligations, Seller shall acquire the necessary
shares of Seller Common Stock solely through open market purchases or shall
use       - 29 -  30 shares of Seller Common Stock then held in
treasury; notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller may continue to purchase and
place into treasury Seller Common Stock in accordance with Seller\'s past
practice, as Previously Disclosed, subject to applicable legal
restrictions;   (6) amend its articles or certificate of incorporation or
association or bylaws; impose, or suffer the imposition, on any share of
stock of any Seller Subsidiary held by Seller of any lien, charge or
encumbrance, or permit any such lien, charge or encumbrance to exist
except, in each case, for liens, charges and encumbrances which have been
Previously Disclosed;    (7) merge with any other corporation,
savings association or bank or permit any other corporation, savings
association or bank to merge into it or consolidate with any other
corporation, savings association or bank; acquire control over any other
firm, bank, corporation, savings association or organization or create any
Subsidiary;   (8) waive or release any right or cancel or compromise any
debt or claim that is material to Seller on a consolidated basis;   (9)
liquidate or sell or dispose of any material assets or acquire any material
assets; except as Previously Disclosed, make any capital expenditure in
excess of $100,000 in any instance or $500,000 in the aggregate; or, except
as Previously Disclosed, establish new branches or other similar facilities,
close existing branches or similar facilities or enter into or modify any
leases or other contracts relating thereto;   (10) increase the rate of
compensation of, pay or agree to pay any bonus to, or provide any other
employee benefit or incentive to, any of its directors, officers or
employees, except in a manner consistent with past practice or as required by
law or contractual obligation in effect as of the date hereof, except that
Seller may pay, in the ordinary course of business in amounts consistent with
Seller\'s past practice, all annual bonuses for calendar 2000 to such
employees who remain employed by Seller as of the Closing Date in accordance
with past practice and the terms of any bonus plan, up to the aggregate
amount Previously Disclosed to Purchaser.   (11) change its lending,
investment, asset/liability management or other material banking policies in
any material respect except as may be required by applicable law, regulation
or order;   (12) change its methods of accounting in effect at December 31,
1999, except as required by changes in generally accepted accounting
principles concurred in by its independent certified public accountants, or
change any of its methods of reporting income, deductions or other items for
federal income tax purposes from those employed in the preparation of its
federal income tax returns for the year ended December 31, 1999, except as
required by applicable law;   (13) authorize or permit any of its
officers, directors, employees or agents to directly or indirectly solicit,
initiate or encourage any inquiries relating to, or the making of any
proposal which constitutes, a "Takeover Proposal" (as defined below), or,
except to the extent its Board of Directors determines to be legally required
for the discharge of its fiduciary duties, (i) recommend or endorse any
Takeover Proposal, (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations, (iii)
provide third parties with any nonpublic information, relating to any such
inquiry or proposal,       - 30 -  31 or (iv) otherwise facilitate any
effort or attempt to make or implement a Takeover Proposal; provided,
however, that Seller may communicate information about any such Takeover
Proposal to its shareholders if, in the judgment of Seller\'s Board of
Directors, after consultation with outside counsel, such communication is
necessary in order to comply with its fiduciary duties to Seller\'s
shareholders required under applicable law. Seller will take all actions
necessary or advisable to inform the appropriate individuals or entities
referred to in the first sentence hereof of the obligations
undertaken herein. Seller will notify Purchaser immediately if any such
inquiries or Takeover Proposals are received by, any such information is
requested from, or any such negotiations or discussions are sought to be
initiated or continued with, Seller, and Seller will promptly inform
Purchaser in writing of all of the relevant details with respect to the
foregoing. As used in this Agreement, "Takeover Proposal" shall mean any
tender or exchange offer, proposal for a merger, consolidation or other
business combination involving Seller or any Seller Subsidiary or any
proposal or offer to acquire in any manner a substantial equity interest in,
or a substantial portion of the assets of, Seller or any Seller Subsidiary
other than the transactions contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the
Plan of Merger and the Option Agreement; or   (14) agree to do any of the
foregoing.   (c) Purchaser shall not, and shall not permit any of
the Purchaser Subsidiaries to, except with the prior written consent of
Seller or as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the Plan
of Merger or the Option Agreement, carry on its business other than in the
usual, regular and ordinary course in substantially the same manner as
heretofore conducted.   (d) For purposes of this Section 4.7, consent or
written consent, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have been given by a
party if such party has received a request for consent hereunder from the
other party and has not in any way responded to that request within 10
business days of the receipt of such request. Purchaser will make available
Michael P. Pinto, Gary Paul and Michael Piemonte with respect to facilitating
such consents.   4.8. CERTAIN POLICIES   Prior to the Effective Date, to
the extent permitted by law, Seller shall, consistent with generally accepted
accounting principles and on a basis mutually satisfactory to it and
Purchaser, modify and change its loan, litigation and real estate valuation
policies and practices (including loan classifications and levels of
reserves) so as to be applied on a basis that is consistent with that of
Purchaser; provided, however, that Seller shall not be obligated to take any
such action pursuant to this Section 4.8 unless and until (i) Purchaser
irrevocably acknowledges to Seller in writing that all conditions to its
obligation to consummate the Merger have been satisfied; and (ii) Purchaser
irrevocably waives in writing any and all rights that it may have
to terminate this Agreement and Plan of Merger and Seller has obtained
the approval of this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger from
its shareholders.   4.9. CLOSING; ARTICLES OF MERGER   The transactions
contemplated by this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger shall be
consummated at a closing to be held at the offices of the law firm of Arnold
and Porter, 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York on a date between January 2,
2001 and February 15, 2001       - 31 -  32 determined by the
Purchaser with 5 days prior notice to Seller, or if later, the first business
day following satisfaction of the conditions to consummation of the Merger
set forth in Article 5 hereof other than conditions to be satisfied at the
Closing (such later date, the "Closing Date"). In connection with such
Closing, Merger Sub and Seller shall execute a certificate of merger and
shall cause such certificate to be delivered, as soon as practicable on
the Closing Date, to (i) the Delaware Secretary of State in accordance with
Section 251(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and (ii) the New
York Department of State in accordance with Section 904 of the New York
Business Corporation Law. The Merger shall be effective at the time and on
the date (the "Effective Date"), not later than two business days after the
Closing Date, specified in such certificate of merger.   4.10.
AFFILIATES   Seller and Purchaser shall cooperate and use their best efforts
to identify those persons who may be deemed to be "affiliates" of Seller
within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated by the Commission under the
Securities Act. Seller shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause each
person so identified to deliver to Purchaser, no later than 30 days prior to
the Effective Date, a written Affiliate Agreement in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A.   4.11. SELLER EMPLOYEES; DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT;
INDEMNIFICATION   (a) On and after the Effective Date (or as
soon thereafter as may be practicable), all persons who are employed by
Seller and/or any of the Seller Subsidiaries on such date ("Seller
Employees") shall be employed on terms and conditions (including benefits)
that in the aggregate are no less favorable (as determined by Purchaser in
its reasonable discretion and good faith after consultation with Seller) with
respect to their employment by Purchaser and its Subsidiaries after the
Effective Date than those generally afforded to other similarly situated
employees of Purchaser or its Subsidiaries, subject to the terms and
conditions under which those employee benefits are made available to such
employees and provided that (i) for purposes of (A) determining eligibility
for and vesting of such employee benefits (and not for pension benefit
accrual purposes), (B) determining levels of short-term disability benefits,
vacation benefits and severance benefits under any severance pay arrangement
(to the extent any such arrangement applies to employees generally and gives
credit for length of service with Purchaser or a Purchaser Subsidiary), and
(C) if applicable, satisfying any waiting periods concerning "preexisting
conditions," service with Seller or a Seller Subsidiary or any predecessor
thereto prior to the Effective Date shall be treated as service with an
"employer" to the same extent as if such persons had been employees of
Purchaser, and (ii) copayments and expenses paid by the Seller Employees
prior to the Effective Date under the Seller Plans that provide medical
benefits shall be treated as if paid under Purchaser\'s employee
benefit plans that provide medical benefits for purposes of determining
satisfaction of copayment and deductible requirements under such Purchaser
plans, and provided, further, that this Section 4.11(a) shall not be
construed (A) to limit the ability of Purchaser and its Subsidiaries to
terminate the employment of any employee at any time for any reason or to
review employee benefits programs from time to time and to make such changes
as they deem appropriate or (B) to require Purchaser or its Subsidiaries to
provide employees or former employees of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries
with post-retirement medical benefits more favorable than those provided to
new hires at Purchaser. Purchaser agrees to honor, or to cause the
appropriate Purchaser Subsidiary       - 32 -  33 to honor, in
accordance with their terms all employment, severance and employee benefit
plans, contracts, agreements and arrangements, and understandings Previously
Disclosed, provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent Purchaser
from amending or terminating any such plan, contract, or agreement
in accordance with its terms and applicable law. The continued coverage of
the Seller Employees under the employee benefit plans maintained by Seller
and/or any Seller Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective Date (the
"Seller Plans") during a transition period of no more than 6 months shall be
deemed to provide the Seller Employees with benefits that are no less
favorable than those offered to other employees of Purchaser and any
Purchaser Subsidiary; provided, that after the Effective Date there is no
material reduction in the benefits provided under the Seller Plans. No
provision of this Section 4.11(a) shall create any third party beneficiary
rights in any employee or former employee of Seller (including any
beneficiary or dependent thereof) in respect of continued employment (or
resumed employment) or any other matter.   (b) The Merger shall be deemed to
constitute a "change in control" for purposes of each Seller Plan,
employment, severance, consulting and change in control agreement that, as
Previously Disclosed to Purchaser, contains "change in control" provisions.
On and after the Effective Date, the individuals Previously Disclosed to
Purchaser (the "Previously Disclosed Individuals") shall be deemed to have
"good reason" or to have experienced a "triggering event" as the case may be
under their respective employment agreements with Seller, all as Previously
Disclosed to Purchaser.   (c) Prior to the Effective Date, Seller shall take
all actions that may be requested by Purchaser in writing upon advance notice
of not less than 45 days with respect to (i) causing one or more Seller Plans
to terminate as of the Effective Date or for benefit accrual and entitlements
to cease as of the Effective Date, (ii) causing the continuation on and after
the Effective Date of any contract, arrangement or insurance policy relating
to any Seller Plan for such period as may be requested by Purchaser, or
(iii) cooperating with Purchaser to facilitate the merger of any Seller Plan
into any Purchaser Plan on or following the Effective Date. ; provided,
however, that with respect to any such action: (1) Purchaser shall, at
Seller\'s request, reimburse Seller for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by Seller with respect to such action; (2) such action shall have no
material effect on the Seller Plans prior to the Effective Date; (3) Seller
shall not be required to take any action that would result in a breach of its
obligations under this Agreement; and (4) Seller shall not be required to
take any action that would result in a violation of the terms of any Seller
Plan or of any applicable law or regulation.   (d) Purchaser\'s Board of
Directors shall take all requisite action to elect, as of the Effective Date,
Mr. T. Jefferson Cunningham III as a director of Purchaser, and, subject to
the Board\'s fiduciary duties, shall nominate Mr. Cunningham for re-election
as a director of Purchaser for the next succeeding three years.   (e)
Purchaser shall cause Purchaser Bank\'s Board of Directors to take all
requisite action to elect, as of the Effective Date, Mr. T. Jefferson
Cunningham III as a director of Purchaser Bank, and shall cause the board of
directors of Purchaser Bank, subject to the board\'s fiduciary duties, to
nominate Mr. Cunningham for re-election as a director of Purchaser Bank for
the next succeeding three years.       - 33 -  34  (f) In the event of
any threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation,
whether civil, criminal or administrative, including, without limitation, any
such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation in which any person who
is now, or has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement, or who
becomes prior to the Effective Date, a director or officer of Seller (the
"Indemnified Parties") is, or is threatened to be, made a party based in
whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to
(i) the fact that he is or was a director, officer or employee of Seller, or
any Seller Subsidiary or any of their respective predecessors or (ii) this
Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the Option Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, whether in any case asserted or
arising before or after the Effective Date, the parties hereto agree to
cooperate and use their best efforts to defend against and respond thereto.
On and after the Effective Date, Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless,
as and to the fullest extent permitted by law, each such Indemnified Party
against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including
reasonable attorney\'s fees and expenses in advance of the final disposition
of any claim, suit, proceeding or investigation to each Indemnified Party to
the fullest extent permitted by law upon receipt of any undertaking required
by applicable law), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in
connection with any such threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding
or investigation, and in the event of any such threatened or actual claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether asserted or arising before
or after the Effective Date), the Indemnified Parties may retain counsel
reasonably satisfactory to them after consultation with Purchaser; provided,
however, that (1) Purchaser shall have the right to assume the defense
thereof and upon such assumption Purchaser shall not be liable to
any Indemnified Party for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other
expenses subsequently incurred by any Indemnified Party in connection with
the defense thereof, except that if Purchaser elects not to assume such
defense or counsel for the Indemnified Parties reasonably advises the
Indemnified Parties that there are issues which raise conflicts of interest
between Purchaser and the Indemnified Parties, the Indemnified Parties may
retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to them after notification, and
Purchaser shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the
Indemnified Parties, (2) Purchaser shall be obligated pursuant to this
paragraph to pay for only one firm of counsel for all Indemnified Parties,
(3) Purchaser shall not be liable for any settlement effected without its
prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), and
(4) Purchaser shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnified Party
when and if a court of competent jurisdiction shall ultimately determine, and
such determination shall have become final and nonappealable, that
indemnification of such Indemnified Party in the manner contemplated hereby
is prohibited by applicable law. Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim
Indemnification under this Section 4.11(f), upon learning of any such claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify Purchaser
thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to so notify
Purchaser shall not relieve it of its obligations hereunder except (and only)
to the extent that such failure materially prejudices Purchaser.   (g)
Purchaser agrees that all rights to indemnification and all limitations on
liability existing in favor of the directors, officers and employees of
Seller and any Seller Subsidiary (the "Covered Parties") as provided in their
respective Certificates of Incorporation, Bylaws or similar governing
documents as in effect as of the date of this Agreement with respect to
matters occurring prior to the Effective Date shall survive the Merger
and shall continue in full force and effect, and shall be honored by such
entities or their respective successors as if they were the indemnifying
party thereunder, without any amendment thereto, for a period of
six       - 34 -  35 years from the Effective Date; provided, however,
that all rights to indemnification in respect of any claim ("Claim") asserted
or made within such period shall continue until the final disposition of such
Claim; provided, further, however, that nothing contained in this Section
4.11(g) shall be deemed to preclude the liquidation, consolidation or merger
of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, in which case all of such rights to
indemnification and limitations on liability shall be deemed to so survive
and continue as an obligation of Purchaser or the successor to Seller or the
Seller Subsidiary notwithstanding any such liquidation, consolidation or
merger.   (h) Purchaser, from and after the Effective Date will use its
reasonable best efforts directly or indirectly to cause the persons
who served as directors or officers of Seller on or before the Effective Date
to be covered by Seller\'s existing directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance policy (provided that Purchaser may substitute therefor policies of
at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which
are not less advantageous than such policy) but in no event shall any insured
person be entitled under this Section 4.11(h) to insurance coverage more
favorable than that provided to him or her in such capacities as of the date
hereof with respect to acts or omissions resulting from their service as such
on or prior to the Effective Date. Such insurance coverage, if available,
shall commence on the Effective Date and will be provided for a period of no
less than four years after the Effective Date; provided, however, that in no
event shall Purchaser be required to expend more than 200% of the current
amount expended by Seller (the "Insurance Amount") to maintain or procure
insurance coverage pursuant hereto and, provided, further, that the Insurance
Amount shall be deemed reasonable for purposes of this Section 4.11(h).
Seller agrees to renew any such existing insurance or to purchase any
"discovery period" insurance provided for thereunder at Purchaser\'s
request.   (i) In the event Purchaser or any of its successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the
continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation
or merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its
properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, to the
extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of Purchaser assume the obligations set forth in this section.  
(j) The provisions of Section 4.11(f), (g), (h) and (i) are intended to be
for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and
their respective heirs and representatives and shall be in addition to the
provisions regarding indemnification and insurance contained in the New York
Business Corporation Law, in contracts or otherwise.   4.12. SELLER
SUBSIDIARIES   Seller undertakes and agrees that, if reasonably so requested
by Purchaser, it shall take all necessary action to facilitate the merger
of Seller Subsidiaries with Subsidiaries of Purchaser or the dissolution of
such Seller Subsidiaries effective at or after the Effective Date; provided
however, that in no event shall the Closing be delayed in order to facilitate
any such merger or dissolution and provided, further, however, that Seller
shall not be required to take any action that could adversely affect the
qualification of the Merger as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code.       - 35 -  36  4.13. VOTING AGREEMENTS  
Each director of Seller shall, within 30 days of the date hereof, enter into
a voting agreement with Purchaser pursuant to which such director agrees to
vote all shares of Seller Common Stock with respect to which such director
shall have voting rights on the record date for the special meeting of Seller
in favor of the Merger and further agrees not to dispose of any shares of
Seller Common Stock he or she holds as of the date of such voting
agreement prior to the close of business on such record date.   4.14.
DIVIDENDS   After the date of this Agreement, each of Purchaser and Seller
shall coordinate with the other the declaration of any dividends in respect
of Purchaser Common Stock and Seller Common Stock and the record dates and
payment dates relating thereto, it being the intention of the parties hereto
that holders of Purchaser Common Stock or Seller Common Stock shall not
receive two dividends, or fail to receive one dividend, for any single
calendar quarter with respect to their shares of Purchaser Common Stock
and/or Seller Common Stock and any shares of Purchaser Common Stock any such
holder receives in exchange therefor in the Merger. Notwithstanding the
foregoing limitation, the holders of Seller Common Stock shall be entitled to
receive dividends at the current level on a pro rata basis for any period
less than a calendar quarter up to the Effective Date, provided that in
determining the amount of any special dividend on Seller Common Stock, Seller
shall deduct the pro rata portion of any dividend in respect of Purchaser
Common Stock for the same period at the current rate to be received by such
holders with respect to such period, taking into account the expected
Exchange Ratio.   4.15. ADVISORY BOARDS   Promptly following the Effective
Date, Purchaser shall cause (i) 10 members of Seller\'s Board of Directors,
identified by Seller prior to the Effective Date and reasonably acceptable to
Purchaser to become members of the Hudson Valley Advisory Board of Purchaser
Bank (the "Advisory Board"), (ii) Mr. T. Jefferson Cunningham III to be
elected Chairman of the Advisory Board and (iii) such members to be appointed
or elected for a period of not less than 24 months after the Effective Date
as members of the Advisory Board, the function of which is to advise
Purchaser Bank on business conditions and opportunities in the Hudson Valley
region and on such other matters as Purchaser Bank may reasonably or
customarily request of such a Board. Each such advisory director shall be
paid for such services a fee according to a fee schedule to be established by
Purchaser; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything else in this
Section 4.15, no fee shall be paid for meetings of the Advisory Board not
actually attended; and Purchaser Bank shall have no obligation to
continue the services of any member of the Advisory Board who acts in a
manner detrimental to Purchaser Bank.   4.16. SECTION 16   Seller shall,
reasonably promptly following the date hereof, provide to Purchaser a list of
(a) the directors and officers (as such terms are used under Section 16 of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder) of
Seller, (b) the number of shares of Purchaser Common Stock and options
thereon expected to be received pursuant to the Merger, as       - 36
-  37 appropriate, by each such officer or director on the Effective Date on
account of shares of Seller Common Stock, and options thereon, reasonably
expected to be held by such directors and officers immediately prior to the
Effective Date and (c) a description of the material terms of such options.
Prior to the Effective Date, (a) the Seller Board of Directors shall take
such actions consistent with the SEC\'s interpretive guidance to approve the
disposition of Seller Common Stock, and options thereon, by each director and
officer of Seller for purposes of Rule 16b-3(e) such that the deemed "sale"
of such Seller Common Stock and options thereon by such persons pursuant to
the Merger shall be exempt from liability pursuant to Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act, and (b) the Purchaser Board of Directors shall take such action
consistent with the SEC\'s interpretive guidance to approve the acquisition
of Purchaser Common Stock by each director and officer of Purchaser for
purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the Exchange Act such that the deemed
"purchase" of such Purchaser Common Stock, and options thereon, by such
persons pursuant to the Merger shall be exempt from liability pursuant to
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.   4.17. TAKEOVER LAWS   No party hereto
shall take any action that would cause the transactions contemplated by this
Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger or the Option Agreement to be
subject to the requirements imposed by any Takeover Law, and each of them
shall take all necessary steps within its control to exempt (or ensure the
continued exemption of) the transactions contemplated by this Reorganization
Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Option Agreement from, or if necessary
challenge the validity or applicability of, any applicable Takeover Law, as
now or hereafter in effect.   ARTICLE 5.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   5.1.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER, MERGER SUB AND SELLER  
The respective obligations of the parties to effect the Merger shall be
subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions at or prior
to the Closing Date:   (a) The stockholder approval contemplated by Section
2.5 hereof, shall have been duly and validly taken;   (b) The parties
hereto shall have received all regulatory approvals required or mutually
deemed necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Bank Merger Agreement,
all notice periods and waiting periods required after the granting of any
such approvals shall have passed and all conditions contained in any such
approval required to have been satisfied prior to consummation of such
transactions shall have been satisfied, provided, however, that no such
approval shall have imposed any condition or requirement that, in the
reasonable opinion of the Board of Directors of Purchaser or Seller
so materially and adversely affects the anticipated economic and business
benefits to Purchaser or Seller, respectively, of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement as to render consummation of such transactions
inadvisable;       - 37 -  38  (c) The Registration Statement
(including any post-effective amendment thereto) shall be effective under the
Securities Act, and no proceeding shall be pending, or to the knowledge of
Purchaser, threatened by the Commission to suspend the effectiveness of such
Registration Statement, and Purchaser shall have received all state
securities or "Blue Sky" permits or other authorizations, or confirmations as
to the availability of an exemption from registration requirements as may be
necessary;   (d) To the extent that any lease, license, loan, financing
agreement or other contract or agreement to which Seller or any Seller
Subsidiary is a party requires the consent of or waiver from the other party
thereto as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, such
consent or waiver shall have been obtained, unless the failure to obtain such
consents or waivers, individually or in the aggregate, would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on Seller;   (e) None of the parties hereto shall
be subject to any order, decree or injunction of a court or agency of
competent jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of
Merger;   (f) The shares of Purchaser Common Stock that may be issued in
the Merger shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to
official notice of issuance; and   (g) Purchaser shall have received an
opinion of Arnold and Porter, and Seller shall have received an opinion from
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley and McCloy LLP, in each case in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser and Seller, as the case may be, dated as
of the Effective Date, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of
facts, representations and assumptions set forth or referred to in such
opinion, the Merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization or part of a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code, and that, provided the Merger is such a
reorganization:   (i) Seller, Purchaser and Merger Sub will each be a party
to such reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code;  
(ii) No gain or loss will be recognized by Purchaser, Merger Sub or Seller as
a result of the Merger (except for amounts resulting from any required change
in accounting methods, any income and deferred gain recognized pursuant to
Treasury regulations issued under Section 1502 of the Code, or other
exceptions as set forth in such opinion);   (iii) No gain or loss will be
recognized by Seller shareholders with respect to shares of Purchaser Common
Stock received in exchange for all of their shares of Seller Common
Stock;   (iv) The gain, if any, realized by Seller shareholders who receive
Purchaser Common Stock and cash (other than cash in lieu of a fractional
share interest of Purchaser Common Stock) in exchange for their shares of
Seller Common Stock, will be recognized by each such shareholder, but in an
amount not in excess of the amount of cash received. If the exchange has the
effect of the distribution of a dividend, then the amount of the      
- 38 -  39 gain recognized shall be treated as a dividend. No loss will be
recognized by such Seller shareholders on the exchange;   (v) each seller
shareholder\'s aggregate tax basis in any shares of Purchaser Common Stock
received in the transaction will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of
the shares of Seller Common Stock such shareholder surrendered in the
exchange therefor, decreased by the amount of any cash received by the
shareholder and increased by the amount of any income or gain recognized by
the shareholder in the exchange; and   (vi) Each Seller shareholder\'s
holding period in any shares of Purchaser Common Stock received in the
transaction will, in each instance, include the period during which the
shares of Seller Common Stock surrendered in exchange therefor were held,
provided that such shares of Seller Common Stock were held as capital assets
by the shareholder on the Effective Date.   In rendering the opinions
described in this subsection (g), Arnold and Porter and Milbank, Tweed, Hadley
and McCloy LLP may rely on representations and facts as provided by Purchaser
and Seller, including, without limitation, the representations set forth in
Revenue Procedure 86-42, 1986-2 C.B. 722.   5.2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
OBLIGATIONS OF SELLER   The obligations of Seller to effect the Merger shall
be subject to satisfaction of the following additional conditions at or prior
to the Closing Date unless waived by Seller pursuant to Section 6.4
hereof:   (a) The representations and warranties of Purchaser and Merger
Sub set forth in Article 3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the date of this Reorganization Agreement and as of
the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (or on the date
when made in the case of any representation and warranty which specifically
relates to an earlier date), except as otherwise contemplated by this
Reorganization Agreement or consented to in writing by Seller; provided,
however, that (i) in determining whether or not the condition contained in
this paragraph (a) shall be satisfied, no effect shall be given to any
exceptions in such representations and warranties relating to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect and (ii) the condition contained in this paragraph
(a) shall be deemed to be satisfied unless the failure of such
representations and warranties to be so true and correct constitute,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser;  
(b) Purchaser and Merger Sub shall have in all material respects performed
all obligations and complied with all covenants required by this
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger to be performed or complied
with at or prior to the Closing Date;   (c) Each of Purchaser and Merger Sub
shall have delivered to Seller a certificate, dated the Closing Date and
signed by its respective Chairman, CEO, Executive Vice President or Senior
Vice President to the effect that the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a)
and (b) of this section have been satisfied; and       - 39 -  40 
(d) T. Jefferson Cunningham III shall have been elected as a member of the
Board of Directors of Purchaser and Purchaser Bank, effective upon the
Effective Date, and the Consulting Agreement between Mr. Cunningham and
Purchaser dated the date hereof shall remain in full force and effect unless
terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.   5.3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
TO OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER AND MERGER SUB   The respective obligations of
Purchaser and Merger Sub to effect the Merger shall be subject to
satisfaction of the following additional conditions at or prior to the
Closing Date unless waived by Purchaser pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof:  
(a) The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article 2
hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing
Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (or on the date when made
in the case of any representation and warranty which specifically relates to
an earlier date), except as affected by the transactions contemplated by this
Reorganization Agreement or consented to in writing by Purchaser; provided,
however, that (i) in determining whether or not the condition contained in
this paragraph (a) shall be satisfied, no effect shall be given to any
exceptions in such representations and warranties relating to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect and (ii) the condition contained in this paragraph
(a) shall be deemed to be satisfied unless the failure of such
representations and warranties to be so true and correct constitute,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Seller;  
(b) Seller shall have in all material respects performed all obligations and
complied with all covenants required by this Reorganization Agreement and the
Plan of Merger to be performed or complied with at or prior to the Closing
Date; and   (c) Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser and Merger Sub a
certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by its Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer or any Executive Vice President to the effect
that the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section have
been satisfied.   ARTICLE 6.  TERMINATION, WAIVER AND AMENDMENT   6.1.
TERMINATION   This Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger may
be terminated, either before or after approval by the shareholders of
Seller:   (a) At any time on or prior to the Effective Date, by the mutual
consent in writing of the parties hereto;   (b) At any time on or prior to
the Closing Date, by Purchaser in writing, if Seller has, or by Seller in
writing, if Purchaser or Merger Sub has, in any material respect, breached
(i) any covenant or agreement contained herein or in the Plan of Merger or
(ii) any representation or warranty contained herein, and in either case (x)
such breach has not been cured by 30 days after the date on which written
notice of such breach is given to the party       - 40 - 
41 committing such breach and (y) such breach would entitle the non-
breaching party not to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby under
Article 5 hereof;   (c) At any time, by any party hereto in writing, if
the applications for prior approval referred to in Section 4.3 hereof have
been finally denied, and the time period for appeals and requests
for reconsideration has run, or if any governmental entity of
competent jurisdiction shall have issued a final nonappealable order
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger;   (d) At any time, by any
party hereto in writing, if the shareholders of Seller do not approve the
transactions contemplated herein upon a vote held at the special meeting duly
called for that purpose or any adjournment thereof;   (e) By any party
hereto in writing, if the Closing Date has not occurred by the close of
business on June 30, 2001 unless the failure of the Closing to occur by such
date shall be due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate this
Agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements set forth
herein;   (f) By Seller, upon the execution by Seller of a definitive
agreement relating to a Takeover Proposal (as defined in Section 4.7(b)(13)),
provided that (i) Seller shall have complied with its obligations under
Section 4.7(b)(13) hereof, (ii) the Board of Directors of Seller shall have
determined, after having received the advice of outside legal counsel
to Seller and the advice of Seller\'s financial advisor, that such action
is necessary for the Board of Directors to act in a manner consistent with
its fiduciary duties under applicable law and (iii) concurrent with
its notification of termination, Seller will wire to an account designated
by Purchaser $24 million in immediately available funds, less Total Profit
as defined in the Option Agreement, if any, theretofor actually realized
by Purchaser, whereupon the option granted to Purchaser pursuant to the
Option Agreement shall lapse (including with respect to shares as to which an
exercise has been made under the Stock Option Agreement but which shares have
not yet been issued); or   (g) At any time, by Seller, if there is a
"change of control" of Purchaser (as defined below). A "change of control"
shall mean any business combination involving Purchaser following which the
shareholders of Purchaser immediately before the business combination own
less than 60% of the shares of the survivor.   6.2. EFFECT OF
TERMINATION   In the event this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of
Merger is terminated pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof, this Agreement and the
Plan of Merger shall become void and have no effect, except that (i) the
provisions relating to confidentiality and expenses set forth in Sections 4.5
and 7.1 hereof, respectively, shall survive any such termination and (ii) a
termination pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(i) or (b)(ii) shall not relieve the
breaching party from liability for an uncured willful breach of such covenant
or agreement or representation or warranty giving rise to such
termination.       - 41 -  42  6.3. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS,
WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS   All representations, warranties and covenants in
this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger or in any instrument
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall expire on, and be terminated and
extinguished at, the Effective Date other than covenants that by their terms
are to survive or be performed after the Effective Date; provided, that no
such representations, warranties or covenants shall be deemed to be
terminated or extinguished so as to deprive Purchaser, Merger Sub or Seller
(or any director, officer or controlling person thereof) of any defense in
law or equity which otherwise would be available against the claims of any
person, including, without limitation, any shareholder or former shareholder
of either Purchaser or Seller, the aforesaid representations, warranties and
covenants being material inducements to the consummation by Purchaser, Merger
Sub and Seller of the transactions contemplated herein.   6.4. WAIVER  
Except where not permitted by law, Purchaser and Seller, respectively, by
written instrument signed by an executive officer of such party, may at
any time (whether before or after approval of this Reorganization Agreement
and the Plan of Merger by the shareholders of Purchaser and Seller) extend
the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of
Seller, on the one hand, or Purchaser or Merger Sub, on the other hand, and
may waive (i) any inaccuracies of such parties in the representations or
warranties contained in this Agreement, the Plan of Merger or any document
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, (ii) compliance with any of the
covenants, undertakings or agreements of such parties, or satisfaction of any
of the conditions precedent to its obligations, contained herein or in the
Plan of Merger or (iii) the performance by such parties of any of its
obligations set out herein or therein; provided, however, that no such
waiver, or amendment or supplement contemplated by Section 6.5, executed
after approval of this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger by the
shareholders of Seller shall, without the further approval thereof, change
the amount or kind of Merger Consideration.   6.5. AMENDMENT OR
SUPPLEMENT   This Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger may be
amended or supplemented at any time only by mutual agreement of the parties
hereto or thereto. Any such amendment or supplement must be in writing and
approved by their respective Boards of Directors and/or officers authorized
thereby and shall be subject to the proviso in Section 6.4 hereto.  
ARTICLE 7.  MISCELLANEOUS   7.1. EXPENSES   Each party hereto shall bear
and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with the
transactions contemplated in this Reorganization Agreement, including fees
and expenses of its own financial consultants, accountants and counsel,
except that Purchaser and Seller each shall bear and pay 50% of all printing
and mailing costs and filing fees associated with the Registration Statement
and the Proxy Statement.       - 42 -  43  7.2. ENTIRE AGREEMENT  
This Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Option Agreement
contain the entire agreement between the parties with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder and supersede all
prior arrangements or understandings with respect thereto, written or oral,
other than documents referred to herein or therein and the Confidentiality
Agreement, which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
except as inconsistent herewith. The terms and conditions of this
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger shall inure to the benefit of
and be binding upon the parties hereto and thereto and their respective
successors. Except as specifically set forth herein (including as set forth
in Section 4.11(j) hereof and, with respect to the Previously Disclosed
Individuals, Section 4.11(b) hereof), or in the Plan of Merger, nothing in
this Reorganization Agreement or the Plan of Merger, expressed or implied, is
intended to confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto and thereto,
and their respective successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or
liabilities. This Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger, taken
together, shall constitute a plan of reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368 of the Code.   7.3. NO ASSIGNMENT   No party hereto may assign
any of its rights or obligations under this Reorganization Agreement to any
other person.   7.4. ALTERNATIVE STRUCTURE   Notwithstanding any provision
of this Reorganization Agreement to the contrary, Purchaser may, with the
written consent of Seller, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, elect,
subject to the filing of all necessary applications and the receipt of all
required regulatory approvals, to modify the structure of the acquisition of
Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries set forth herein, provided, that (i) the
federal income tax consequences of any transactions created by such
modification shall not be other than those set forth in Section 5.1(g)
hereof, (ii) the consideration to be paid to the holders of the Seller Common
Stock is not thereby changed in kind or reduced in amount as a result of such
modification and (iii) such modification will not materially delay or
jeopardize the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger.   7.5. NOTICES   All
notices or other communications which are required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and sufficient if delivered personally or sent and
received by facsimile transmission or overnight express or by registered
or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:   If to
Seller:   Premier National Bancorp, Inc.  P.O. Box 310  Route 55 
Lagrangeville, New York 12540  Attn: T. Jefferson Cunningham III,
Chairman       - 43 -  44  Facsimile No: 914-471-1114   With a
required copy to:   Milbank, Tweed, Hadley and McCloy LLP  1 Chase Manhattan
Plaza  New York, New York 10005-1413  Attn: Robert O\'Hara, Esq.  Facsimile
No: 212-530-5219      If to Purchaser or Merger Sub:   MandT; Bank
Corporation  One MandT; Plaza  Buffalo, New York 14240  Attn: Michael Pinto,
Executive Vice President and Chief  Financial Officer  Facsimile No:
716-842-5177   With a required copy to:   MandT; Bank Corporation  One MandT;
Plaza  Buffalo, New York 14240  Attn: Richard A. Lammert, Esq.  Facsimile
No: 716-842-5177   and to:   Arnold and Porter  555 Twelfth Street, N.W. 
Washington, D.C. 20004  Attn: Steven Kaplan, Esquire  Facsimile No:
202-942-5999   7.6. CAPTIONS   The captions contained in this
Reorganization Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of
this Reorganization Agreement.   7.7. COUNTERPARTS   This Reorganization
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such
counterpart shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but all such
counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement.       - 44
-  45  7.8. GOVERNING LAW   This Reorganization Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York applicable to agreements made and entirely to be performed within such
jurisdiction, except to the extent federal law may be applicable.   7.9.
INVALID PROVISIONS   If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any present or future law or order,
and if the rights or obligations of any party hereto under this Agreement
will not be materially and adversely affected thereby, (i) such provision
will be fully severable, (ii) this Agreement will be construed and enforced
as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a
part hereof, and (iii) the remaining provision of this Agreement will remain
in full force and effect and will not be affected by illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom.   7.10. ENFORCEMENT
OF AGREEMENT   The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur
in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement was not performed
in accordance with its specified terms or was otherwise breached. It
is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of competent
jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity.   [Remainder of this page left intentionally
blank.]       - 45 -  46  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound hereby, have caused this Reorganization
Agreement to be executed in counterparts by their duly authorized officers
and their corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and attested by their
officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the day and year first above
written.     ~~  Attest MandT; BANK CORPORATION    /s/ Michael S.
Piemonte By /s/ Michael P. Pinto --------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------ Michael S.
Piemonte Michael P. Pinto Asst. Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer  (SEAL)   Attest OLYMPIA FINANCIAL
CORP.    /s/ Michael S. Piemonte By /s/ Michael P.
Pinto --------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------ Michael S.
Piemonte Michael P. Pinto Asst. Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer    (SEAL)   Attest PREMIER NATIONAL
BANCORP, INC.    /s/ Paul A. Maisch By /s/ T. Jefferson Cunningham
III --------------------------
-----------------------------------------------  T. Jefferson Cunningham
III  Chairman  (SEAL)        - 46 -  47  ANNEX A     AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER OF  PREMIER NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.  WITH AND INTO OLYMPIA
FINANCIAL CORP.    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER ("Plan of Merger") dated as
of July 9, 2000 by and between Premier National Bancorp Inc. ("Seller"), a
New York corporation having its principal executive office at P.O. Box 310,
Route 55 Lagrangeville, NY 12540 and Olympia Financial Corp. ("Merger Sub"),
a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
having its registered office at 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, and
joined in by MandT; Bank Corporation ("Purchaser"), a New York corporation
having its principal executive office at One MandT; Plaza, Buffalo, New York
14614.    WITNESSETH   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of
Seller, Merger Sub and Purchaser deem the merger of Seller with and into
Merger Sub, under and pursuant to the terms and conditions herein set forth
or referred to, desirable and in the best interests of the respective
corporations and their respective shareholders, and the respective Boards of
Directors of Seller, Merger Sub and Purchaser have adopted resolutions
approving this Plan of Merger and an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
dated of even date herewith ("Reorganization Agreement"); and   WHEREAS,
the parties hereto desire that Seller shall be acquired by Purchaser through
the merger of Seller with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub as the
surviving corporation, subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan of
Merger and the Reorganization Agreement; and   WHEREAS, the parties hereto
intend that the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("the Code").   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements
herein contained, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:  48 
ARTICLE 1.  MERGER   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan of
Merger, at the Effective Time (as hereinafter defined), Seller shall be
merged with and into Merger Sub, pursuant to the provisions of, and with the
effect provided in the New York Business Corporation Law and the Delaware
General Corporation Law (said transaction being hereinafter referred to as
the "Merger"). At the Effective Time, the separate existence of Seller shall
cease and Merger Sub, as the surviving entity, shall continue unaffected and
unimpaired by the Merger. (Merger Sub as existing at and after the Effective
Time being hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Surviving
Corporation").   ARTICLE 2.  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS  
Subject to Section 4.11(g) of the Reorganization Agreement, the Certificate
of Incorporation and the Bylaws of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws
of the Surviving Corporation, in each case until amended in accordance with
applicable law.   ARTICLE 3.  BOARD OF DIRECTORS   The directors and
officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in
accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation.   ARTICLE 4.  CAPITAL   At the Effective Time, all of the
shares of capital stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall remain outstanding and unchanged by virtue
of the Merger and shall constitute all of the issued and outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.   ARTICLE 5.  CONVERSION
AND EXCHANGE OF SELLER  SHARES; FRACTIONAL SHARE INTERESTS   1. At the
Effective Time, each share of the common stock of Seller, par value $0.80 per
share ("Seller Common Stock"), issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (except as provided in Section 2 of this Article 5, and
subject to Sections 5 and 7 of this Article 5), shall, by virtue of the
Merger, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof, become and be converted into, at the election of the holder
as provided in and subject to the limitations set forth in this Article 5,
either (i) the right to receive $21 in cash without interest (the
"Cash Consideration") or (ii) an amount of common stock of Purchaser, par
value $5.00 per share ("Purchaser Common Stock") equal to the quotient (the
"Exchange Ratio") of (A) $21 divided by (B) the Market Value (as defined
below) of a share of Purchaser Common Stock (the "Stock Consideration"). For
purposes of this Plan of Merger, the "Market Value" of the       - 2
-  49 Purchaser Common Stock shall be the average of the average of the high
and low prices of the Purchaser Stock on the New York Stock Exchange-
Composite Transactions List (as reported by The Wall Street Journal or, if
not reported therein, another comparable authoritative source) for the 10
trading days immediately preceding the date on which the Effective Time
occurs. The Cash Consideration and the Stock Consideration are sometimes
referred to herein collectively as the "Merger Consideration."   2. At the
Effective Time, all shares of Seller Common Stock held in the treasury of
Seller or owned beneficially by any Subsidiary of Seller other than in a
fiduciary capacity ("Trust Account Shares") or in connection with a
debt previously contracted ("DPC Shares") and all shares of Seller Common
Stock owned by Purchaser or owned beneficially by any subsidiary of Purchaser
other than Trust Account Shares and DPC Shares shall be canceled and no cash,
stock or other property shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   3. (a)
An election form (an "Election Form") and other appropriate and customary
transmittal materials, which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,
and risk of loss and title to the certificates theretofore representing
Seller Common Stock ("Certificates") shall pass, only upon proper delivery of
such Certificates to a bank or trust company designated by Purchaser and
reasonably satisfactory to Seller (the "Exchange Agent") in such form as
Seller and Purchaser shall mutually agree shall be mailed on the Mailing Date
(as defined below) to each holder of record of shares of Seller Common Stock
(other than holders of shares of Seller Common Stock to be cancelled as
provided in Section 2 of this Article 5) as of a record date which shall be
the same date as the record date for eligibility to vote on the Merger. The
"Mailing Date" shall be the date on which proxy materials relating to the
Merger are mailed to holders of shares of Seller Common Stock.   (b) Each
Election Form shall entitle the holder of shares of Seller Common Stock (or
the beneficial owner through appropriate and customary documentation and
instructions) to (i) elect to receive the Cash Consideration for all of such
holder\'s shares (a "Cash Election"), (ii) elect to receive the Stock
Consideration for all of such holder\'s shares (a "Stock Election"),
(iii) elect to receive the Cash Consideration with respect to some of such
holder\'s shares and the Stock Consideration with respect to such holder\'s
remaining shares (a "Mixed Election"), or (iv) make no election or to
indicate that such holder has no preference as to the receipt of the Cash
Consideration or the Stock Consideration (a "Non-Election"). Holders of
record of shares of Seller Common Stock who hold such shares as nominees,
trustees or in other representative capacities (a "Representative") may
submit multiple Election Forms; provided, that such Representative certifies
that each such Election Form covers all the shares of Seller Common Stock
held by that Representative for a particular beneficial owner. Shares of
Seller Common Stock as to which a Cash Election has been made are referred to
herein as "Cash Election Shares." Shares of Seller Common Stock as to which a
Stock Election has been made are referred to herein as "Stock Election
Shares." Shares of Seller Common Stock as to which no election or a Non-
Election has been made are referred to as "Non-Election Shares." The
aggregate number of shares of Seller Common Stock with respect to which a
Stock Election has been made is referred to herein as the "Stock Election
Number."   (c) To be effective, a properly completed Election Form shall
be submitted to the Exchange Agent on or before 5:00 p.m. New York City time
on the 30th calendar day following       - 3 -  50 the Mailing Date
(or such other time and date as Seller and Purchaser may mutually agree) (the
"Election Deadline"). An election shall have been properly made only if the
Exchange Agent shall have actually received a properly completed Election
Form by the Election Deadline. An Election Form shall be deemed properly
completed only if accompanied by one or more Certificates (or customary
affidavits and, if required by Purchaser pursuant to Section 8 of this
Article 5, indemnification regarding the loss or destruction of such
Certificates or the guaranteed delivery of such Certificates) representing
all shares of Seller Common Stock covered by such Election Form, together
with duly executed transmittal materials included with the Election Form. Any
Seller shareholder may at any time prior to the Election Deadline change his
or her election by written notice received by the Exchange Agent prior to the
Election Deadline accompanied by a properly completed and signed revised
Election Form. Any Seller shareholder may, at any time prior to the Election
Deadline, revoke his or her election by written notice received by
the Exchange Agent prior to the Election Deadline or by withdrawal prior to
the Election Deadline of his or her Certificates, or of the guarantee of
delivery of such Certificates, previously deposited with the Exchange Agent.
All elections shall be revoked automatically if the Exchange Agent is
notified in writing by Purchaser and Seller that this Plan of Merger has been
terminated. If a shareholder either (i) does not submit a properly completed
Election Form by the Election Deadline, or (ii) revokes its Election Form and
does not thereafter duly deliver a properly completed Election Form to the
Exchange Agent prior to the Election Deadline, the shares of Seller Common
Stock held by such shareholder shall be designated "Non-Election Shares."
Purchaser shall cause the Certificates representing Seller Common Stock
described in (ii) to be promptly returned without charge to the person
submitting the Election Form upon written request to that effect from the
person who submitted the Election Form. Subject to the terms of this Plan of
Merger and of the Election Form, the Exchange Agent shall have reasonable
discretion to determine whether any election, revocation or change has been
properly or timely made and to disregard immaterial defects in any Election
Form, and any good faith decisions of the Exchange Agent regarding such
matters shall be binding and conclusive.   (d) Notwithstanding any other
provision contained in this Plan of Merger, 50% of the total number of shares
of Seller Common Stock outstanding on the date hereof, less the aggregate
number of shares of Seller Common Stock acquired by Purchaser pursuant to the
Reorganization Agreement or Seller prior to the Effective Time (the "Stock
Conversion Number") shall be converted into the Stock Consideration and the
remaining outstanding shares of Seller Common Stock shall be converted into
the Cash Consideration (in each case, excluding shares of Seller Common Stock
to be cancelled as provided in Section 2 of this Article 5 (the shares
remaining outstanding after such exclusion constituting, for purposes of this
Plan of Merger the "Outstanding Seller Shares"); provided, however, that for
federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger should qualify as
a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code and,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in order that the
Merger will not fail to satisfy continuity of interest requirements under
applicable federal income tax principles relating to reorganizations under
Section 368(a) of the Code, as reasonably determined by Arnold and Porter and
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley and McCloy LLP, Purchaser shall increase the number of
outstanding Seller shares that will be converted into the Stock Consideration
and reduce the number of outstanding Seller shares that will be converted
into the right to receive the Cash Consideration.       - 4 -  51  (e)
Within five (5) business days after the later to occur of the Election
Deadline or the Effective Time, Purchaser shall cause the Exchange Agent to
effect the allocation among holders of Seller Common Stock of rights to
receive the Cash Consideration and the Stock Consideration as follows:   (i)
If the Stock Election Number exceeds the Stock Conversion  Number, then all
Cash Election Shares and all Non-Election Shares  shall be converted into the
right to receive the Cash Consideration,  and, subject to Section 7 of this
Article 5, each holder of Stock  Election Shares will be entitled to receive
the Stock Consideration  in respect of that number of Stock Election Shares
equal to the  product obtained by multiplying (x) the number of Stock
Election  Shares held by such holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of
which  is the Stock Conversion Number and the denominator of which is the 
Stock Election Number, with the remaining number of such holder\'s  Stock
Election Shares being converted into the right to receive the  Cash
Consideration;   (ii) If the Stock Election Number is less than the Stock 
Conversion Number (the amount by which the Stock Conversion Number  exceeds
the Stock Election Number being referred to herein as the  "Shortfall
Number"), then all Stock Election Shares shall be  converted into the right
to receive the Stock Consideration and the  Non-Election Shares and Cash
Election Shares shall be treated in the  following manner:   (A) if the
Shortfall Number is less than or equal to the  number of Non-Election Shares,
then all Cash Election Shares  shall be converted into the right to receive
the Cash  Consideration and, subject to Section 7 of Article 5, each  holder
of Non-Election Shares shall receive the Stock  Consideration in respect of
that number of Non-Election Shares  equal to the product obtained by
multiplying (x) the number of  Non-Election Shares held by such holder by (y)
a fraction, the  numerator of which is the Shortfall Number and the
denominator  of which is the total number of Non-Election Shares, with the 
remaining number of such holder\'s Non-Election Shares being  converted into
the right to receive the Cash Consideration; or   (B) if the Shortfall
Number exceeds the number of  Non-Election Shares, then all Non-Election
Shares shall be  converted into the right to receive the Stock
Consideration,  and, subject to Section 7 of this Article 5, each holder of 
Cash Election Shares shall receive the Stock Consideration in  respect of
that number of Cash Election Shares equal to the  product obtained by
multiplying (x) the number of Cash Election  Shares held by such holder by
(y) a fraction, the numerator of  which is the amount by which (1) the
Shortfall Number exceeds  (2) the total number of Non-Election Shares and the
denominator  of which is the total number of Cash Election Shares, with the 
remaining number of such holder\'s Cash Election Shares being  converted into
the right to receive the Cash Consideration.       - 5 -  52  For
purposes of this Section 3(e), if Purchaser is obligated to increase the
number of Outstanding Seller Shares to be converted into shares of Purchaser
Common Stock as a result of the application of the last clause of Section
3(d) above, then the higher number shall be substituted for the
Stock Conversion Number in the calculations set forth in this Section
3(e).   (f) All of the shares of Seller Common Stock converted into
and exchangeable for the Merger Consideration pursuant to this Article 5
shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and cease
to exist as of the Effective Time, subject, however, to the Purchaser\'s
obligation to pay, in accordance with and subject to the limitations of
Section 4.14 of the Reorganization Agreement, any dividends which may have
been declared by Seller on such shares of Purchaser Common Stock in
accordance with the terms of this Plan of Merger and which remained unpaid as
of the Effective Time. Each Certificate previously representing any such
shares of Seller Common Stock shall thereafter represent the right to receive
the Merger Consideration pursuant to this Article 5, as allocated among the
holders of Seller Common Stock in accordance with this Section 3.   (g) At
the Effective Time, Purchaser shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited,
with the Exchange Agent, for exchange in accordance with this Section 3,
certificates representing the aggregate number of shares of Purchaser Common
Stock into which the outstanding shares of Seller Common Stock shall be
converted pursuant to this Article 5, and cash in the amount of the aggregate
Cash Consideration and the aggregate amount of cash to be paid in lieu of
fractional shares. As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, the
Exchange Agent shall mail to all holders of record of Seller Common Stock who
did not previously submit completed Election Forms letters of
transmittal specifying the procedures for the delivery of such holders\'
certificates to the Exchange Agent and describing the Merger Consideration
such holders will receive therefor. Also as soon as practicable after the
Effective Time (with allowance for the mailing of the letters of transmittal
described in the preceding sentence), the Exchange Agent shall distribute to
holders of shares of Seller Common Stock, upon surrender to the Exchange
Agent (to the extent not previously surrendered with an Election Form) of one
or more Certificates for cancellation, (i) a certificate representing that
number of whole shares of Purchaser Common Stock, if any, that such holder
has the right to receive pursuant to this Plan of Merger, and (ii) a check
for an amount equal to the cash, if any, which such holder has the right to
receive pursuant to this Plan of Merger (including any cash in lieu of any
fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock to which such holder is entitled
pursuant to Section 7 hereof and any dividends or other distributions to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to the provisions set forth below). In
no event shall the holder of any such surrendered Certificates be entitled to
receive interest on any of the Cash Consideration or cash in lieu of
fractional share interests to be received in the Merger. If a check is to be
issued in the name of a person other than the person in whose name the
Certificates surrendered for exchange therefor are registered, it shall be a
condition of the exchange that the person requesting such exchange shall pay
to the Exchange Agent any transfer taxes required by reason of issuance of
such check to a person other than the registered holder of the Certificates
surrendered, or shall establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the
Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. No dividends
or other distributions declared after the Effective Time with respect to
Purchaser Common Stock shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Certificate until the holder thereof shall surrender such Certificate in
accordance with this Article 5. After the surrender of a Certificate in
accordance with this Article 5, the record holder thereof shall be entitled
to receive any such dividends or other distributions, without any interest
thereon,       - 6 -  53 which theretofore had become payable with
respect to shares of Purchaser Common Stock, if any, represented by such
Certificate. Certificates surrendered for exchange by any person who is an
"affiliate" of Seller for purposes of Rule 145(c) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, shall not be exchanged for certificates representing shares
of Purchaser Common Stock until Purchaser has received the written agreement
of such person contemplated by Section 4.10 of the Reorganization Agreement.
If any certificate for shares of Purchaser Common Stock is to be issued in a
name other than that in which a Certificate surrendered for exchange is
issued, the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed and
otherwise in proper form for transfer and the person requesting such exchange
shall affix any requisite stock transfer tax stamps to the Certificate
surrendered or provide funds for their purchase or establish to the
reasonable satisfaction of Purchaser or its agent that such taxes have
been paid or are not payable. Any portion of the Merger Consideration which
remains undistributed to the shareholders of Seller for six months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to Purchaser, upon demand, and any
shareholders of Seller who have not theretofore complied with this Article 5
shall thereafter look only to Purchaser (subject to abandoned property,
escheat and other similar laws) as general creditors for payment of their
claim for Purchaser Common Stock or Cash Consideration and any cash in lieu
of fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock and any dividends or
distributions with respect to Seller Common Stock. The Exchange Agent shall
send notice to the shareholders of Seller who have not submitted their
Certificates 90 days after the Effective Time, and again 120 days after such
time.   4. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of Seller shall
be closed and no transfer of Seller Common Stock shall thereafter be made
or recognized. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates representing
such shares are presented for transfer to the Exchange Agent, they shall
be cancelled and exchanged for the Merger Consideration as provided in
this Article 5. Any other provision of this Plan of Merger notwithstanding,
neither Purchaser or its agent nor any party to the Merger shall be liable to
a holder of Seller Common Stock for any amount paid or properly delivered in
good faith to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar law.   5. In the event that prior to the
Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Purchaser Common Stock shall have
been increased, decreased or changed into or exchanged for a different number
or kind of shares or securities by reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, stock dividend, stock split or other like changes in
Purchaser\'s capitalization, then an appropriate and proportionate adjustment
shall be made to the Stock Consideration (including the Exchange Ratio) and
the formulas contained in Section 6 of this Article 5.   6. (a) At the
Effective Time, each option to acquire Seller Common Stock or stock
appreciation rights with respect to Seller Common Stock (each a "Seller
Option") granted under the Community Bancorp, Inc. 1988 Non-Qualified Stock
Option Plan, the Community Bancorp, Inc. Incentive Stock Option Plan,
the Progressive Bank, Inc. 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan, the Progressive
Bank, Inc. Non-Qualified Stock Option Plans for Directors, the Pawling
Savings Bank Incentive Stock Option Plan, the Premier National Bancorp, Inc.
1995 Incentive Stock Plan and the Fishkill National Corporation Incentive
Stock Option Plan (collectively, the "Seller Stock Option Plans") which is
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or
unvested, will be assumed by Purchaser. Each Seller Option so assumed by
Purchaser shall continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and
conditions set       - 7 -  54 forth in the Seller Stock Option Plan
(and any agreement) under which it was granted and as in existence
immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that (i) such Seller Option
shall be exercisable (when vested) for that number of whole shares of
Purchaser Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Seller
Common Stock covered by the Seller Option multiplied by the Exchange Ratio;
provided that any fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock resulting from
such multiplication shall be rounded down to the nearest share; and (ii) the
exercise price per share of Purchaser Common Stock shall be equal to the
exercise price per share of Seller Common Stock of such Seller Option divided
by the Exchange Ratio; provided that such exercise price shall be rounded up
to the nearest cent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the adjustment provided
herein will comply with the adjustment provisions in the Seller Stock Option
Plans and with respect to any Seller Options that are "incentive
stock options" (as defined in Section 422 of the Code) shall be and is
intended to be effected in a manner which is consistent with Section 424(a)
of the Code.   (b) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time,
Purchaser shall deliver to the persons who hold stock options or stock
appreciation rights granted under the Seller Stock Option Plans notices
describing the effect of the Merger on stock options or stock appreciation
rights granted under the Seller Stock Option Plans.   (c) Purchaser shall
take all corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient
number of shares of Purchaser Common Stock for delivery under the Seller
Stock Option Plans as adjusted in accordance with this Section. As soon as
practicable after the Effective Time, Purchaser shall file a registration
statement on Form S-8 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act (or any
successor or other appropriate form) with respect to the Purchaser Common
Stock subject to such options or stock appreciation rights and shall use its
best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement or
registration statements (and maintain the current status of the prospectus or
prospectuses contained therein) for so long as such options or stock
appreciation rights remain outstanding. With respect to those individuals who
subsequent to the Merger will be subject to the reporting requirements under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, where applicable, Purchaser shall
administer the Seller Stock Option Plans in a manner that complies with Rule
16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.   7. Notwithstanding any other
provision hereof, each holder of shares of Seller Common Stock who would
otherwise have been entitled to receive pursuant to this Article 5 a fraction
of a share of Purchaser Common Stock (after taking into account all
Certificates delivered by such holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash
in an amount equal to such fraction of a share of Purchaser Common Stock
multiplied by the Market Value of Purchaser Common Stock. No such holder
shall be entitled to dividends, voting rights or any other shareholder right
in respect of such fractional share.   8. In the event any Certificate shall
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed
and, if required by Purchaser, the posting by such person of a bond in such
amount as Purchaser may reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent
will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the
shares of Purchaser Common Stock constituting the Stock Consideration and
cash       - 8 -  55 in lieu of fractional shares and/or the cash
constituting the Cash Consideration deliverable in respect thereof pursuant
to this Plan of Merger.   ARTICLE 6.  EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER   A
certificate or articles of merger evidencing the transactions contemplated
herein shall be delivered to the New York Department of State and the
Delaware Secretary of State for filing as provided in the
Reorganization Agreement. The Merger shall be effective at the time and on
the date specified in such certificate or articles of merger (such date and
time being herein referred to as the "Effective Time").    ARTICLE 7. 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   The obligations of Purchaser, Merger Sub and Seller
to effect the Merger as herein provided shall be subject to satisfaction,
unless duly waived, of the conditions to the obligations of such person set
forth in Article 5 of the Reorganization Agreement.   ARTICLE 8. 
TERMINATION   Anything contained in the Plan of Merger to the contrary
notwithstanding, and notwithstanding adoption hereof by the shareholders of
Seller or Merger Sub, this Plan of Merger may be terminated and the Merger
abandoned as provided in the Reorganization Agreement.   ARTICLE 9. 
MISCELLANEOUS   1. This Plan of Merger may be amended or supplemented at any
time prior to the Effective Time by mutual agreement of Merger Sub, Purchaser
and Seller. Any such amendment or supplement must be in writing and approved
by their respective Boards of Directors and/or by officers authorized thereby
and shall be subject to the proviso in Section 6.4 of the Reorganization
Agreement.   2. Any notice or other communication required or permitted
under this Plan of Merger shall be given, and shall be effective, in
accordance with the provisions of the Reorganization Agreement.   3. The
headings of the several Articles herein are inserted for convenience of
reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Plan of Merger.   4. This Plan of Merger shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York and
Delaware applicable to the internal affairs of Seller and Merger
Sub.       - 9 -  56  5. This Plan of Merger, taken together with the
Reorganization Agreement, shall constitute a "plan of reorganization" within
the meaning of Section 1.368-2(g) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated
under the Code.       [Remainder of this page left intentionally
blank.]       - 10 -  57  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound hereby, have caused this Plan of Merger to be
executed in counterparts by their duly authorized officers and attested by
their officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the day and year first
above written.     ~~  Attest MandT; BANK CORPORATION    /s/ Michael S.
Piemonte By /s/ Michael P. Pinto --------------------------
-------------------------------------------- Michael S. Piemonte Michael P.
Pinto Asst. Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer  (SEAL)   Attest OLYMPIA FINANCIAL CORP.    /s/ Michael S.
Piemonte By /s/ Michael P. Pinto --------------------------
-------------------------------------------- Michael S. Piemonte Michael P.
Pinto Asst. Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer    (SEAL)   Attest PREMIER NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.    /s/
Paul A. Maisch By /s/ T. Jefferson Cunningham III ---------------------
--------------------------------------------  T. Jefferson Cunningham III 
Chairman  (SEAL)        - 11 -   '

