 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   Exhibit 2.1 
Execution Copy    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of April 4, 2005, is entered into by
and among John H. Harland Company, a Georgia corporation ("Buyer"), Justice
Acquisition Corporation, a Minnesota corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of Buyer ("Sub"), Liberty Enterprises, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the
"Company"), the shareholders of the Company listed on the signature page
hereto (the "Controlling Shareholders") and David L. Copham solely in the
capacity as the shareholder representative as set forth in this Agreement
(the "Shareholders\' Representative").   W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS,
the Boards of Directors of Buyer, Sub and the Company deem it advisable and
in the best interests of each respective corporation and its shareholders
that Buyer and the Company combine their businesses upon the terms and
conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, the combination of Buyer and the
Company shall be effected by the terms of this Agreement through a
transaction in which Sub will merge with and into the Company, the Company
will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer and the shareholders of the
Company (the "Company Shareholders") will receive cash (the "Merger");
and   WHEREAS, the parties intend and acknowledge that the Merger will
be treated in accordance with the election under Section 338(h)(10) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code");   NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I 
THE MERGER   Section 1.1. Effective Time of the Merger.   (a) Subject to
the provisions of this Agreement, articles of merger (the "Articles of
Merger") in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and as
required by the Minnesota Business Corporation Act ("Minnesota Law") shall
be executed by Sub and the Company and filed with the Secretary of State of
the State of Minnesota on the Closing Date.   (b) The Merger shall become
effective upon the filing of the Articles of Merger with the Minnesota
Secretary of State (the "Effective Time").   Section 1.2. Closing. The
closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m., Central
time, on the date which is as soon as reasonably practicable after the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Closing set forth in Article VI,
but in no event more than 10 days after such satisfaction or waiver (the
"Closing Date"), at the offices of Maslon Edelman Borman and Brand, LLP or at
such other place and time as may be mutually agreed by the Company and
Buyer.   Section 1.3. Effects of the Merger.     (a) At the Effective
Time Sub shall merge with and into the Company, the separate existence of Sub
shall cease, and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation and
shall become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer (the Company following
consummation of the Merger is sometimes referred to herein as the "Surviving
Corporation"). In addition, the Articles of Incorporation of the Sub in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become the Articles of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and the Bylaws of the Sub
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become the Bylaws of
the Surviving Corporation.  (b) At the Effective Time, the effect of the
Merger shall be as provided by the applicable provisions of Minnesota
Law.   Section 1.4. Directors and Officers. The directors of Sub
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become the directors of the
Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of
Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become the officers of
the Surviving Corporation, in each case until their respective successors are
duly elected or appointed and qualified.   Section 1.5. Section 338(h)(10)
Election; Purchase Price Allocation.   (a) Election. Buyer and all Company
Shareholders shall join in the making of a timely election under Section
338(h)(10) of the Code, Treasury Regulations 1.338(h)(10)-1T, and similar
provisions of state law with respect to the purchase and sale of the Common
Stock, $.01 par value ("Company Shares"), of the Company (the "Section
338(h)(10) Election").   (b) Forms. Buyer (at its sole cost and expense)
shall prepare, execute and deliver to the Shareholders\' Representative, who
shall arrange for all Company Shareholders (with respect to the Company and
any Purchased Entity that will become a C corporation as a result of the
consummation of the Merger), to execute and deliver to Buyer, IRS form 8023,
which form shall be prepared, executed and delivered by Buyer to the
Shareholders\' Representative as soon as practical after the execution of
this Agreement. In addition, Buyer (at its sole cost and expense) shall
prepare, execute and deliver to the Shareholders\' Representative, who shall
arrange for all Company Shareholders to execute and deliver to Buyer, such
other documents and forms as Buyer shall reasonably request or as are
required by applicable law for an effective Section 338(h)(10) Election,
including, without limitation, IRS form 8883 (together with any schedules or
attachments thereto) or any successor form required pursuant to applicable
Treasury regulations. The content of any IRS form 8883 to be filed by the
Buyer shall be subject to the terms of Section 1.5(c) hereof. The content
of any document or form contemplated by this Section 1.5(b), other than IRS
form 8023 or IRS form 8883, shall be subject to the Company Shareholders\'
consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (c)
Purchase Price Allocation. Within 90 days after the Closing Date, Buyer shall
provide the Shareholders\' Representative with an interim proposed schedule
(the "Allocation Schedule") allocating the Aggregate Merger Consideration, as
defined in Section 2.1(d), plus any assumed liabilities and all other items
comprising the "Aggregate Deemed Sale Price" of the Company\'s assets
("ADSP"), in each case that are apportioned to the purchase of the Company
Shares (the "Section 338(h)(10) Allocable Amount"), among the assets deemed
to be sold as a result of the making of the Section 338(h)(10) Election. Such
ADSP and Allocation Schedule shall comply with the rules of Section 338
of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder; provided,
however, that the parties agree that the fair market value of both the
Company\'s tangible personal property (other than inventory) and the
Company\'s other personal property acquired by the Company prior to the
Effective Time (other than cash,   2   accounts receivable, prepaid
expenses and the Company\'s investment in Cavion LLC ("Cavion")), does not
exceed $13,000,000. The Shareholders\' Representative must either accept or
reject the ADSP and the Allocation Schedule within 30 days of receipt
thereof. If the Shareholders\' Representative accepts the ADSP and
the Allocation Schedule, it shall become final and binding on the parties
hereto. If the Shareholders\' Representative rejects the ADSP and the
Allocation Schedule, the parties shall in good faith attempt to resolve the
dispute within 15 days after written notice to Buyer of that rejection. Any
such resolution shall be final and binding on all of the parties hereto. Any
unresolved disputes shall be promptly submitted to Ernst and Young LLP or such
other independent accounting firm of national reputation as may be mutually
acceptable to the Shareholders\' Representative and Buyer (the "Independent
Accountants") for resolution, with such resolution being final and binding on
the parties hereto. Buyer, on the one hand, and the Shareholders\'
Representative (from the Escrow Fund), on the other hand, will each pay one-
half of the fees and expenses of the Independent Accountants. The parties
shall cooperate with each other and the Independent Accountants in connection
with the matters contemplated by this Section 1.5(c), including, without
limitation, by furnishing such information and access to books, records
(including, without limitation, accountants work papers), personnel and
properties as may be reasonably requested.   (d) Revisions. The parties
hereto will revise the Allocation Schedule to the extent necessary to reflect
any indemnification payment made under Article VIII hereof or any other post-
Closing payment made pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement. In the
case of any such payment, Buyer shall propose a revised Allocation Schedule,
and the parties hereto shall follow the procedures outlined above with
respect to review, dispute and resolution in respect of such revision.  
(e) Consistent Treatment. Each of the parties hereto agrees to (a) prepare
and timely file all Tax Returns, as defined in Section 3.9,
including, without limitation, form 8023 (and all supplements thereto) in a
manner consistent with the Allocation Schedule as finalized and (b) act in
accordance with the Allocation Schedule for all Tax (as such term is defined
in Section 3.9) purposes.   (f) Taxes Resulting from Election. All Company
Shareholders shall include any income, gain, loss, deduction or other Tax
item resulting from the Section 338(h)(10) Election on their Tax Returns to
the extent required by applicable law. Notwithstanding any other provision to
the contrary in this Agreement, each Company Shareholder shall be responsible
for and shall pay all Taxes imposed on such respective Company Shareholder
resulting from the Section 338(h)(10) Election (the "Section 338(h)(10)
Election Taxes").   (g) Expenses of Election. The Company Shareholders, on a
pro-rata basis, shall reimburse Buyer for all Taxes, costs and expenses
associated with or resulting from the Section 338(h)(10) Election applicable
to the Company or any of the Purchased Entities, including but not limited to
any transfer Taxes, deed Taxes, filing fees, sales Taxes, personal property
Taxes, real estate Taxes and income Taxes (the "Shareholder Entity Taxes"),
other than any Taxes payable by the Company Shareholders pursuant to the
obligation set forth in Section 1.5(f) above. The Shareholder Entity Tax
obligations will be satisfied pursuant to Section 2.1(d).   ARTICLE II 
CONVERSION OF STOCK   Section 2.1. Conversion of Common Stock; Merger
Consideration.  --------------------------------------------------- At the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any further approval of
the holders of any shares of capital stock of the Company or Sub:   3   
(a) Common Stock of Sub. Each outstanding share of common 
------------------- stock of Sub shall be converted into and become one fully
paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving
Corporation.   (b) Cancellation of Certain Shares. Any Company Shares that
are owned immediately prior to the Effective Time by Buyer, Sub, the Company
or any subsidiary thereof shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to
exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   (c)
Conversion of Company Shares. Each Company Share outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than any Dissenting Shares, as defined
below) shall be converted, without any action on the part of the
holder thereof, into the right to receive in cash an amount equal to the
final computation of the Aggregate Merger Consideration (as defined below)
divided by the number of Company Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (including the Dissenting Shares) (the "Per Share Merger
Consideration"), without interest, and each Dissenting Share shall be
converted into the right to receive payment from the Surviving Corporation
with respect thereto in accordance with the provisions of Minnesota Law. No
Company Share shall be deemed to be outstanding or to have any rights other
than those set forth above in this Section 2.1(c) after the Effective Time.
At and after the Effective Time, each Company Shareholder shall cease to have
any rights as a shareholder of the Company and, until surrendered in
accordance with the provisions of Section 2.4 below, each certificate
representing Company Shares ("Certificates"), other than Certificates
representing Dissenting Shares, shall represent for all purposes only the
right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration for each Company Share
represented thereby.   (d) Merger Consideration. The total consideration
payable for the Company Shares in the Merger (the "Aggregate Merger
Consideration") shall equal $160,000,000, plus all cash and cash equivalents
held by the Company as of the Closing Date, minus: (1) all Indebtedness for
Borrowed Money (as defined below), (2) the amounts owed by the Company,
unless paid prior to the Closing, as a result of the Merger pursuant to (i)
the engagement agreement between the Company and Duff and Phelps, LLC
(formerly, Valuemetrics Capital, L.L.C.) dated September 2, 2004 and amended
on October 25, 2004; (ii) the Liberty Enterprises, Inc. Directors\' Equity
Share Incentive Plan, effective January 1, 2005; (iii) any executive
transaction success bonuses due to the Company\'s Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Sales and Executive Vice
President - Marketing as determined by the Company\'s Board of
Directors ("Success Bonuses") and the project bonuses due two employees in
the aggregate amount of $40,000; (iv) all fees and expenses payable by the
Company to its legal, accounting, tax and other professional advisors and, to
the extent applicable, the amounts payable by the Company to the trustee,
financial advisor and legal advisor of the Company ESOP (as defined in
Section 3.2), all in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement incurred prior to the Closing Date ("Professional Fees"); (v) the
Change of Control, Confidentiality and Noncompete Agreement between the
Company and David Copham dated December 15, 2004 if such agreement is in
effect on the Closing Date; and (vi) the cost and expense of the Tax
Insurance (as defined in Section 8.1(b)), and (3) the estimated Shareholder
Entity Taxes. To the extent the Tax Insurance is paid for by any person other
than the Company, the Company shall reimburse such person on the Closing
Date. The Professional Fees and the Shareholder Entity Taxes will be
estimated by the Company on the Closing Date. Within 30 days after the
Closing Date the Shareholders\' Representative and Buyer will determine the
final amount of the Professional Fees (the "Final Expenses"). If the Final
Expenses are less than the Closing estimate, Buyer shall promptly pay the
difference to the Shareholders\' Representative for distribution to
the Controlling Shareholders. If the Final Expenses are more than the
Closing estimate, Buyer shall have the right to obtain reimbursement for the
difference from the Escrow Fund, without giving effect to the Threshold set
forth in Section 8.1(b). As soon as the Shareholder Entity Taxes are
ascertained and agreed to by Buyer and the Shareholders\' Representative,
then if the final Shareholder Entity Taxes are less than the Closing
estimate, Buyer will refund the over-estimate to the Shareholders\'
Representative for distribution to the   4   Controlling Shareholders and
if the final Shareholder Entity Taxes are more than the Closing estimate, the
Shareholders\' Representative will pay to Buyer the under-estimate from the
Escrow Fund. "Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" shall mean (i) the amount owed
to Bank One, NA (successor by merger to Bank One, Wisconsin) as of the
Closing Date pursuant to that certain Credit and Term Loan Agreement dated as
of August 28, 2000, as amended, between Bank One, NA and the Company, and
(ii) any other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company as of the
Closing Date all of which is set forth on Schedule 2.1(d).   Section 2.2.
Escrow Fund. Notwithstanding any provision of Section 2.1, at the Effective
Time, Buyer shall deliver to SunTrust Bank (the "Escrow Agent") $8,000,000 in
cash (the "Escrow Fund") by wire transfer, to be held and distributed by the
Escrow Agent pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement substantially in
the form attached as Exhibit B hereto (the "Escrow Agreement"). The Escrow
Fund shall be withheld pro rata from the Per Share Merger Consideration
otherwise deliverable to the Controlling Shareholders in respect of their
Company Shares. The parties agree that the Controlling Shareholders are, and
shall be treated as, the owners of the Escrow Fund, together with
any earnings thereon, for federal and state income tax purposes and that
the Controlling Shareholders shall, except as may otherwise be provided in
the Escrow Agreement, include in taxable income any earnings on the Escrow
Fund on a pro-rata basis in accordance with their ownership of Company Shares
prior to the Effective Time. Each of the parties hereto which is a party to
the Escrow Agreement agrees to execute and deliver the Escrow Agreement on
the Closing Date, and Buyer agrees to cause the Escrow Agent to execute and
deliver the Escrow Agreement on the Closing Date.   Section 2.3. Dissenting
Shares.  -----------------   (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, any Company Shares held by a Company Shareholder
who has exercised such holder\'s dissenting rights in accordance with
Minnesota Law and who, as of the Effective Time, has not effectively
withdrawn or lost such dissenting rights ("Dissenting Shares"), shall not be
converted into or represent the right to receive any consideration under this
Agreement, and such holder shall only be entitled to such rights as are
granted by Minnesota Law.   (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section
2.3(a), if any holder of Dissenting Shares, after the Effective Time,
withdraws such holder\'s demand for dissenting rights for such Dissenting
Shares or waives or loses dissenting rights, in either case pursuant to
Minnesota Law, such holder\'s Dissenting Shares shall thereupon be deemed to
have been converted, as of the Effective Time, into the right to receive the
Per Share Merger Consideration with respect to such Dissenting Shares in
accordance with Section 2.1(c), without interest, which amount shall be paid
by Buyer, subject to Section 2.4, upon the later of the Closing or five (5)
days after such dissenting rights lapse.   (c) The Company shall give Buyer
(i) prompt notice of any written demands for dissenting rights pursuant to
Minnesota Law, withdrawals of such demands, and any other instruments that
relate to such demands received by the Company and (ii) subject to Minnesota
Law, the opportunity to participate at its own expense in all negotiations
and proceedings with respect to demands for dissenting rights. The Company
shall not voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for
dissenting rights or offer to settle or compromise any such demands without
Buyer\'s consent.   Section 2.4. Exchange of Certificates.   5    (a)
The Company shall use its best efforts to cause each holder of Company Shares
to deliver to Buyer at the Closing such shareholder\'s Certificate. At the
Closing, Buyer or the Surviving Corporation shall deliver to each Company
Shareholder who has previously delivered a Certificate the Per Share Merger
Consideration issuable in respect of such shareholder\'s Certificate, less,
with respect to the Controlling Shareholders only, such shareholder\'s pro-
rata share of the Escrow Fund (the "Closing Per Share Merger Consideration"),
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in
writing by such shareholder to Buyer.   (b) If any Company Shareholder does
not deliver his or her Certificate at or prior to the Closing, then from and
after the Effective Time, each holder of an outstanding Certificate shall
have the right to surrender such Certificate to Buyer and receive promptly
(and in any event within 10 days) in exchange therefor the Closing Per Share
Merger Consideration payable in respect of such Certificate. Until
surrendered, each outstanding Certificate that prior to the Effective Time
represented Company Shares shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to
evidence ownership of the Per Share Merger Consideration attributable to the
surrendered Company Shares, but shall, subject to applicable dissenting
rights under Minnesota Law and Section 2.3, have no other rights. From and
after the Effective Time, there shall be no further registration of transfers
on the records of the Company of any Company Shares.   (c) In the event any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
appropriate affidavit of that fact, Buyer shall pay in exchange for such
Certificate the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration upon receipt of such
affidavit and such shareholder will be entitled to the Per Share Merger
Consideration for each such Company Share, subject to the terms of this
Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.   ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   The Company hereby represents and warrants to
Buyer that:   Section 3.1. Organization and Standing. 
---------------------------   (a) The Company and each of its subsidiaries
(i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the state of its incorporation, (ii) has all corporate
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as presently conducted, (iii) is qualified as a
foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing under the laws of
each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or the ownership or
leasing of its properties or assets requires such qualification, except for
such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified does not have a
Material Adverse Effect (as defined below), and (iv) has all necessary
government approvals to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to
have such approvals does not have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 3.1
sets forth a complete and accurate list of each of the
Company\'s subsidiaries and the jurisdictions in which they are qualified to
do business. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Material Adverse Effect"
shall mean a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operations,
assets or liabilities of the Company or such subsidiary or the ability of the
Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
provided, however, that in no event shall either of the following be deemed
to constitute, nor shall they be taken into account in determining whether
there has been or will be a Material Adverse Effect: (i) any changes
affecting the industry in which the Company operates or any changes in
general economic conditions that do not disproportionately impact in any
material respect the Company, or (ii) any action required by this Agreement
or to which Buyer has given its prior written consent.   6    (b) The
Company has made available for Buyer\'s review complete and correct copies of
its Articles of Incorporation (the "Company Articles of Incorporation") and
Bylaws (the "Company Bylaws"), each as amended to date. The Company Articles
of Incorporation and the Company Bylaws are in full force and effect, and the
Company is not in violation of any material provision of either thereof.  
(c) The minutes of the meetings of the directors and shareholders and the
stock records of the Company previously made available for review by
Buyer are complete and accurate records of such meetings, through the date
hereof.   Section 3.2. Capitalization. The capital stock of the Company
consists of 10,000,000 authorized shares of capital stock, $.01 par value, of
which 2,300,644 voting and 2,213,775 non-voting common shares are issued
and outstanding. As of immediately prior to the Effective Time, (i) the
issued and outstanding Company Shares will be held of record by the
Controlling Shareholders and by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan component
of the Liberty Shares Freedom Plan (the "Company ESOP") as set forth in
Schedule 3.2, (ii) such shares will constitute all of the issued and
outstanding capital stock of the Company, and (iii) all of such shares will
be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive
rights. The Company does not have any outstanding options, warrants,
convertible securities, subscriptions, stock appreciation rights, phantom
stock rights or other agreements or commitments obligating the Company to
issue or sell any shares of capital stock of the Company. All issuances,
transfers, purchases or redemptions of the capital stock of the Company have
been in compliance in all material respects with all applicable agreements
and United States federal, state or local statutes, laws, rules, regulations,
ordinances, codes, orders, decrees or other requirements or rules of law
("Laws"). Except as set forth in Schedule 3.2, there are no outstanding
obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
Company Shares or to pay any dividend or make any other distribution in
respect thereof.   Section 3.3. Authority for Agreement.   (a) The Company
has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement, and subject to the approval of the Merger by the holders of the
Company Shares, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by
the Company of this Agreement, and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action, other than the approval of the Merger and the adoption of
this Agreement by the holders of the Company Shares and the approval of the
Articles of Merger as contemplated by Section 1.1. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid
and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by
(i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights or remedies in general as
from time to time in effect or (ii) the exercise by courts of equity
powers.   (b) The Controlling Shareholders have the right, power and
capacity to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by the Controlling Shareholders and constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of the Controlling Shareholders enforceable against each of them
in accordance with its terms.   Section 3.4. No Conflict.   7    (a)
Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.4, the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company do not, and, subject to the terms of this Agreement,
the performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby will not, (i) conflict with or violate the
Company Articles of Incorporation or Company Bylaws, (ii) conflict with
or violate in any material respect any Law applicable to the Company or by
which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or (iii)
result in a breach of or constitute a default under any agreement to which
the Company is a party or by which it is bound, except for any such breaches
or defaults which in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (b) Except as disclosed on
Schedule 3.4, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Controlling
Shareholders do not, and the performance by the Controlling Shareholders of
their obligations under this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby will not, (i) violate in any material
respect any provision of any Law applicable to the Controlling Shareholders,
or (ii) violate or conflict with in any material respect, or result in a
material breach or default under, any term or condition of any court order,
agreement, document or other instrument to which any Controlling Shareholder
is a party or by which any Company Shares held by a Controlling Shareholder
are bound.   Section 3.5. Required Filings and Consents. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Controlling Shareholders and the Company do
not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Controlling
Shareholders and the Company will not, require any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any United
States federal, state or local or any foreign government or any court,
administrative or regulatory agency or commission or other governmental
authority or agency, domestic or foreign (a "Governmental Entity"), except
for (i) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the Minnesota Secretary of
State, (ii) those required by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), and (iii) such other consents,
approvals, authorizations, permits, filings or notifications by or with any
Governmental Entity, which in the aggregate, if not obtained or made, would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company.   Section 3.6. Compliance. The Company (i) has been operated
in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to the
Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or
affected, and (ii) is not in default or violation in any material respect of
any note, mortgage, indenture, contract, lease, license, permit, franchise or
other agreement to which the Company is a party or by which any property or
asset of the Company is bound, except for any noncompliance, defaults or
violations which in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   Section 3.7. Financial
Statements; Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Schedule 3.7 sets forth (i)
the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31,
2004, the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the
year then ended and the footnotes related thereto, together with the audit
report of Grant Thornton LLP, and (ii) the audited consolidated balance sheet
of the Company as of December 31, 2003, the related consolidated statements
of income and cash flows for the year then ended and the footnotes related
thereto, together with the audit report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(collectively, the "Financial Statements"). The Financial Statements (i) have
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP") consistently applied throughout the periods indicated, (ii) have
been prepared from, and are in accordance with, the books and records of the
Company, and (iii) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of each balance sheet date and the results of its
operations for the periods indicated. To the Company\'s Knowledge (as defined
in Section 3.9), the Company has not incurred any material debt, Indebtedness
for Borrowed Money, liability or obligation of any nature, whether accrued,
absolute, contingent or otherwise, that would reasonably be xpected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, except (i) as reflected or reserved against in the
Financial Statements, (ii) those arising in the ordinary course of business
of the Company, or (iii) as reflected on any Schedule to this Agreement.  
8    Section 3.8. Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except
as contemplated by this Agreement or disclosed on Schedule 3.8, since
December 31, 2004 the Company has conducted its business only in the ordinary
course and consistent with prior practice, and there has not been (i) any
event that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, (ii) any declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution
with respect to the capital stock of the Company other than tax dividends in
the ordinary course of business, (iii) any material change in accounting
methods, principles or practices employed by the Company, or (iv) any action
of the type described in Sections 5.1(b) or 5.1(c) which if taken after the
date of this Agreement would be in violation of either such Section.  
Section 3.9. Tax Matters.   (a) All Tax Returns required to be filed by or
on behalf of the Company or any of its direct or indirect, partly or wholly-
owned subsidiaries, including interests in partnerships, trusts and limited
liability companies (collectively with the Company referred to as "Purchased
Entities") have been duly and timely filed with the appropriate Governmental
Entity in all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are required to be
filed (after giving effect to any valid extensions of time in which to make
such filings), and all such Tax Returns are true, complete and correct in all
material respects. All Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) payable
by or on behalf of any Purchased Entity have been timely paid. With respect
to any period for which Tax Returns of or relating to any Purchased Entity
have not yet been filed or for which Taxes are not yet due or owing as of
December 31, 2004, the relevant Purchased Entity has made adequate accruals
for such Taxes on the face of the December 31, 2004 balance sheet included in
the Financial Statements and on its books and records.   (b) Each Purchased
Entity has complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws
relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes and has duly and timely
withheld and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Entity all amounts
required to be so withheld and paid under all applicable Laws.   (c) Buyer
has been given the opportunity to review complete copies of all federal,
state, local and foreign income or franchise Tax Returns of each Purchased
Entity that have been filed for the taxable periods ended December 31, 2001
and thereafter.   (d) Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.9(d), there have
been no audits or notice of pending audits or inquiries by the IRS or any
other Governmental Entity within the last four years relating to any Taxes
due from or with respect to any Purchased Entity. No issue has been raised by
a Governmental Entity in any prior examination of any Purchased Entity that,
by application of the same or similar principles, could reasonably be
expected to result in a proposed deficiency for any subsequent taxable
period. No claim has been made or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened by a Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where any Purchased
Entity does not file Tax Returns that a Purchased Entity is or may be subject
to taxation by that jurisdiction. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.9(d),
none of the Purchased Entities has consented to extend the statute of
limitations with respect to any Tax.   9    (e) None of the Controlling
Shareholders or the Company ESOP, the Purchased Entities or any other person
on their behalf has filed a consent pursuant to Section 341(f) of the Code
(as in effect prior to the repeal under the Jobs and Growth Tax
Reconciliation Act of 2003) or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of the Code
(as in effect prior to the repeal under the Jobs and Growth Tax
Reconciliation Act of 2003) apply to any disposition of a subsection (f)
asset (as such term is defined in Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by any
Purchased Entity.   (f) None of the Controlling Shareholders, the Company
ESOP, the Purchased Entities or any other person on their behalf: (i) is
required to make any adjustments pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code or
any similar provision of Law or has any Knowledge that any Governmental
Entity has proposed any such adjustment, or has any application pending with
any Governmental Entity requesting permission for any changes in accounting
methods that relate to any Purchased Entity, (ii) has executed or entered
into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of the Code or any similar
provision of Law with respect to any Purchased Entity, or (iii) has granted
to any Person any power of attorney that is currently in force with respect
to any Tax matter.  (g) The Company has not been a U.S. real property
holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code
during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the
Code.  (h) None of the Purchased Entities is a party to any tax sharing,
allocation, indemnity or similar agreement or arrangement (whether or not
written) pursuant to which it will have any obligation to make any payments
after the Closing. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.9(h), none of the
Purchased Entities has ever been a member of any consolidated, combined,
affiliated or unitary group of corporations for any Tax purposes. None of the
Purchased Entities is subject to any private letter ruling of the IRS or
comparable rulings of any foreign, state or local Governmental Entity that
has been directed specifically to the Purchased Entity.  (i) There are no
Liens (as defined below), other than Permitted Liens (as defined below), as a
result of any unpaid Taxes upon any of the assets of any Purchased
Entity.  (j) Schedule 3.9(j) sets forth each corporation in which the
Company either currently or previously has held shares, directly or
indirectly. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.9(j), each of the entities set
forth on Schedule 3.9(j) (each, a "Schedule 3.9(j) Entity") is or was (prior
to its sale or dissolution), as appropriate, a qualified subchapter S
subsidiary within the meaning of Section 1361(b)(3)(B) of the Code. Except as
set forth on Schedule 3.9(j), each Schedule 3.9(j) Entity is or was (prior to
its sale or dissolution), as appropriate, a qualified subchapter S subsidiary
in all states (including the District of Columbia) that follow Federal income
Tax laws concerning qualified subchapter S subsidiaries and in which the
Company is required to file a Tax Return.  (k) Schedule 3.9(k) sets forth
each partnership, limited liability company or other entity, foreign or
domestic, in which the Company has owned any equity interest (other than
marketable securities) since December 31, 1997. Except as noted on Schedule
3.9(k), each entity set forth therein is or was (prior to its sale or
dissolution), as appropriate, either (i) properly treated as a disregarded
entity under Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3 and under similar
provisions of state or local law in each jurisdiction where such entity is or
was required to file a Tax Return, or (ii) properly treated as a partnership
under Subchapter K of the Code and in each jurisdiction where such entity is
or was required to file a Tax Return.  (l) The Company has been a validly
electing S corporation within the meaning of Sections 1361 and 1362 of the
Code at all times from December 31, 1997 through the Closing Date. Except as
set forth on Schedule 3.9(l), at all times from December 31, 1997 through the
Closing Date the Company has been a valid S corporation in all states
(including the District of Columbia) that follow Federal income Tax laws
concerning S corporation elections and in which the Company is required to
file a Tax Return.   10   (m) Schedule 3.9(m) sets forth each trust,
estate or any other person who is not an individual that has owned any
capital stock in the Company and the period for which the stock was owned.
Each trust listed on Schedule 3.9(m) is a trust described in Section
1361(c)(2)(A)(i) or Section 1361(c)(6) of the Code. All of the Company
Shareholders are permitted shareholders of an S corporation within the
purview of Section 1361(b)(1)(B) and (C) of the Code.  (n) The Company does
not have more than one class of stock within the meaning of Section
1361(b)(1)(D) of the Code.  (o) The Company has not, since January 1, 1998,
acquired assets from another corporation in a transaction in which the
Company\'s Tax basis for the acquired assets was determined, in whole or in
part, by reference to the Tax basis of the acquired assets in the hands of
the transferor.  (p) No Purchased Entity has constituted either a
"distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" (within the meaning
of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) during a distribution of stock
qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code (A) in the
two years prior to the date of this Agreement or (B) in a distribution which
could otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related
transactions" (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in
conjunction with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  (q) There
is no taxable income of any Purchased Entity that will be required under
applicable Tax Law to be reported by any Purchased Entity for a
taxable period beginning after the Closing Date which taxable income was
realized prior to the Closing Date.  (r) None of the Purchased Entities has
participated in any reportable transaction, as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.6011-4(b)(1), or a transaction substantially similar to a
reportable transaction.  (s) None of the Purchased Entities has, or has ever
had, a permanent establishment in any country other than the United States,
or has engaged in a trade or business in any country other than the United
States that subjected it to Tax in such country.  (t) The Company is not
subject to the tax imposed under Section 1374(a) of the Code or under similar
provisions of state or local law on recognized built-in gains arising from
its S election effective December 31, 1997.  (u) The Company has not made
and is not required to make any payment that would constitute an "excess
parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code.  (v) For
purposes of this Agreement:   (i) "Tax" means any applicable federal, state,
local or  foreign income, sales, use, gross receipts, license, payroll, 
employment, excise, capital stock, franchise, withholding, social  security,
disability, real or personal property, escheat, unclaimed  property, value
added or other tax or claim of any kind whatsoever,  including any interest,
penalty or addition thereto, as required by  applicable law.   11   
(ii) "Tax Return" means any report, return, declaration or  other information
required to be supplied to a Governmental Entity by  applicable law in
connection with Taxes, including estimated returns,  tax shelter disclosure
and reportable transactions regulations and  reports of every kind with
respect to Taxes, as required by applicable  law.   (iii) "Knowledge" means
when used with respect to a natural  person, the actual knowledge of such
person. "Knowledge" means when  used with respect to an entity that is not a
natural person, the actual  knowledge of the executive officers of such
entity. With respect to the  Company, its executive officers for purposes of
this definition of  Knowledge shall mean the Shareholders\' Representative
and the current  Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive
Vice  President - Sales and Executive Vice President - Marketing.   Section
3.10. Title to Properties.  (a) The Company does not own any real property.
Schedule 3.10(a) sets forth a complete and accurate list of all individual
items of property with a current book value in excess of $100,000 that the
Company owns or leases (the "Personal Property").  (b) The Company has
title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, the Personal Property, in each
case free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests,
charges, and encumbrances on title of any nature ("Liens"), except for Liens
for Taxes accrued but not yet payable, purchase money security interests and
those mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, charges,
and encumbrances on title set forth on Schedule 3.10(b) (collectively,
"Permitted Liens"). Section 3.11. Change of Control Agreements. Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.11, or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement,
neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby will result in, cause the accelerated
vesting or increase the amount of any payment or benefit to any director,
officer or employee of the Company.   Section 3.12. Litigation. Except as
set forth on Schedule 3.12, (a) there are no claims, suits, actions,
arbitration or other material proceedings ("Litigation") pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, material Litigation threatened against the Company,
and (b) there are no outstanding judgments, orders, injunctions or awards
against or relating to the Company.   Section 3.13. Material Contracts.
Schedule 3.13 sets forth a complete and accurate list of all executory
contracts or contractual arrangements to which the Company is a party
involving annual payments by the Company after January 1, 2005 in excess of
$100,000 ("Material Contracts"), including: (i) agreements for the purchase
or sale of any assets, (ii) agreements relating to indebtedness for borrowed
money, (iii) contracts or licenses with customers, independent contractors,
joint venture partners, suppliers, software developers, host providers,
resellers or others, including all sales and open purchase orders, and (iv)
leases of any real property or Personal Property. Schedule 3.13 sets forth a
complete and accurate list of all executory contracts or contractual
arrangements (without reference to the actual customer) to which the Company
is a party which resulted in billings by the Company to any of the Company\'s
current customers in calendar year 2004 in excess of $250,000 ("Customer
Contracts"). Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.13, neither the Company nor,
to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto is in default in any
material respect under any Material Contract or Customer Contract, nor to the
Knowledge of the Company has any event occurred that could result in any such
default. The Company has no "side agreement" or other understanding that
would give any person the right to modify or amend any Material Contract or
Customer Contract. Schedule 3.13 identifies with an asterisk each Material
Contract or Customer Contract set forth therein that requires the consent of
the other party thereto to avoid any breach, default or violation thereof in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.   12    Section
3.14. Employee Benefit Plans.  ----------------------  (a) Schedule 3.14(a)
sets forth all plans, funds, programs, agreements or arrangements (whether
written or oral) pursuant to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
provides benefits or remuneration (other than salaries and wages) to its
employees, former employees, directors, independent contractors or contingent
or leased employees or the dependents of any of them, including any bonus,
incentive compensation, stock option, deferred compensation, severance
or other compensation plan or employment agreement, any employee welfare plan
or any defined benefit, profit sharing or savings or other employee pension
benefit plan (collectively, "Current Benefit Plans").   (b) For purposes of
this Agreement, the term "Benefit Plan" includes each of the Current Benefit
Plans and the Past Benefit Plans; and the term "Past Benefit Plan" means any
plan, fund, program, agreement or arrangement that would be a Current Benefit
Plan if it were now in effect, and was at any earlier time within the past
six years sponsored or maintained or required to be sponsored or maintained
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries has made, or had an obligation to make,
contributions providing for employee benefits or for the remuneration (other
than salaries or wages), direct or indirect, of their employees, former
employees, directors, independent contractors, contingent or leased
employees, the spouses or the dependents of any of them. To the extent
applicable, to the Knowledge of the Company, the Current Benefit Plans now
comply, and the Past Benefit Plans did comply when they were in effect, in
all material respects with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA") and the Code. Any Current Benefit Plan intended to
be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable
determination letter or is an approved prototype plan with an opinion letter
upon which the Company or a subsidiary is entitled to rely, and continues to
satisfy in all material respects the requirements for such qualification.
Neither the Company nor any affiliate of the Company that would be considered
a single employer with the Company or any subsidiary under Section 414 of the
Code has maintained or contributed in the past six years to any Benefit Plan
that is or was then covered by Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code
that could reasonably be expected to result in a material penalty to the
Company. Neither the Company, any subsidiary nor any Benefit Plan
has incurred any material liability or penalty under Section 4975 of the Code
or Section 502(i) of ERISA, or engaged in any transaction that is reasonably
likely to result in any such liability or penalty. To the Knowledge of the
Company, the Company has complied in all material respects with the notice
and continuation requirements of Section 4980B of the Code and the
regulations thereunder ("COBRA"), and with the applicable requirements of the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. To the Knowledge
of the Company, except as described in Schedule 3.14(b), each Benefit Plan
has been maintained and administered during the past six years in material
compliance with its terms and with all applicable law, including ERISA, the
Code and federal and state securities laws.   (c) There is no pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened Litigation involving any Benefit
Plan (excluding routine claims for benefits incurred in the ordinary course
of Benefit Plan activities). All contributions required to be made as of the
date hereof to the Benefit Plans have been made or provided for.   13   
(d) Except as required under COBRA and similar state laws, and except as set
forth in Schedule 3.14(d), the Company has no plan or arrangement which
provides life insurance, medical or other employee welfare benefits to
any employee or former employee upon retirement or termination of employment,
and the Company has never represented or contracted (whether in oral or
written form) to any employee or former employee that such benefits would be
provided.   (e) With respect to any Benefit Plan that is intended to be an
employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(7) of
the Code and Section 407(d)(6) of ERISA) ("ESOP"), the ESOP has at all times
been maintained and administered in all material respects in accordance with
the applicable requirements of Section 4975(e)(7), Section 409(h), (o), (n),
and (p), and Section 664(g) of the Code, Section 407(d)(6) of ERISA and all
applicable federal and state securities laws; any Company Shares or the stock
of any subsidiaries of the Company held by the ESOP are and have at all times
been in all material respects qualifying employer securities within the
meaning of Section 4975(e)(8) of the Code and Section 407(d)(5) of the Code;
any loans made to the ESOP or guaranteed by a "disqualified person" (within
the meaning of Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code or a "party in interest" within
the meaning of Section 3(14) of ERISA) are and have at all times been exempt
in all material respects from the application of Section 4975(a) and (b) of
the Code and Section 406 of ERISA; the ESOP has at all times complied in all
material respects with the diversification requirements of Section
401(a)(28)(B) of the Code; and all valuations of qualifying employer
securities held by the ESOP with respect to activities carried on by the ESOP
have been made by an "independent appraiser" within the meaning of Section
401(a)(28)(C) of the Code. No ESOP participant is a "disqualified person"
within the meaning of Section 409(p) of the Code with respect to the 2005
plan year. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.14(e), no person who has had an
account under the ESOP in 2005 has "synthetic equity shares" (within the
meaning of Section 409(p) of the Code), including (i) any stock option,
warrant, restricted stock, deferred issuance stock right, stock appreciation
right payable in stock of the Company or similar interest or right that gives
the holder the right to acquire or receive stock of the Company in the
future; (ii) any right to a future payment (payable in cash or any other form
other than stock of the Company) from the Company that is based on the value
of the Company\'s stock; (iii) any rights to acquire stock or
similar interests in any entity in which the Company holds an interest and
which is a partnership, a trust, an eligible entity that is disregarded as an
entity that is separate from its owner under Treasury Regulation Section
301.7701-3 or a "qualified subchapter S subsidiary" under Section 1361(b)(3)
of the Code (a "related entity"); (iv) any rights to acquire assets of the
Company or a related entity (other than the right to acquire goods, services
or property at fair market value in the ordinary course of business or fringe
benefits excluded from gross income under Section 132 of the Code); or (v)
any of the following with respect to the Company or a related entity: (A) any
remuneration to which Section 404(a)(5) of the Code applies, (B) any
remuneration for which a deduction would be permitted under Section 404(a)(5)
of the Code if separate accounts were maintained; any right to receive
property to which Section 83 of the Code applies (including a payment to a
trust described in Section 402(b) of the Code or to an annuity described in
Section 403(c) of the Code) in a future year for the performance of services;
(C) any transfer of property (to which Section 83 of the Code applies) in
connection with the performance of services to the extent that the property
is not substantially vested within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section
1.83-3(i) by the end of the plan year in which transferred; (D) a split-
dollar life insurance arrangement under Treasury Regulation Section
1.61-22(b) entered into in connection with the performance of services (other
than one under which, at all times, the only economic benefit that will be
provided under the arrangement is current life insurance protection as
described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.61-22(d)(3); and (E) any
other remuneration for services under a plan, or method or arrangement,
deferring the receipt of compensation to a date that is after the fifteenth
(15th) day of the third (3rd) calendar month after the end of the entity\'s
taxable year in which the related services are rendered.   14    (f) The
Company has furnished or made available to Buyer complete and accurate copies
of each Current Benefit Plan and its related trust agreement as in effect on
the date hereof (if any), complete and accurate documentation of any loans
made to a Current Benefit Plan that is an ESOP (including loan agreements,
pledge agreements and notes), current summary plan description (if such plan
is required to have a summary plan description under ERISA), the annual
reports under the Form 5500 series, including all schedules thereto, filed
with the Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service (if such plan is
required to file annual reports under ERISA), with respect to each year
for which the statute of limitations has not expired.   Section 3.15. Labor
and Employment Matters.  ----------------------------   (a) Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.15, there are no agreements or arrangements on behalf of
any officer, director or employee of the Company providing for payment or
other benefits to such person or the establishment, increase, acceleration,
vesting or enhancement of any benefit contingent upon the execution of this
Agreement, the Closing or a transaction involving a change of control of the
Company, other than any arrangements contemplated under this Agreement.  
(b) The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement or
other arrangement with a labor union or labor organization.   (c) The
Company has paid when due all material wages, bonuses, commissions, benefits,
taxes, penalties or assessments owed to any officer, director, employee,
sales representative, contractor, consultant or other agent. There are no
investigations, proceedings or complaints of violations of any federal or
state wage and hour laws pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened before the Department of Labor or any other Governmental
Entity involving the Company.   (d) The Company is in compliance in all
material respects with all immigration laws, and there are no proceedings
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened before the
Immigration and Naturalization Service or any other Governmental Entity which
has responsibility for enforcing immigration laws involving the Company.  
(e) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15, there are no investigations,
proceedings, charges or complaints of discrimination based upon sex, age,
marital status, race, national origin, sexual preference, disability,
handicap or veteran status pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other
Governmental Entity which has responsibility for enforcing employment
laws involving the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15, no
discrimination, retaliation or other claim is pending or, to the Knowledge of
the Company, threatened against the Company under any federal law or any
comparable state or local fair employment practices act regulating
discrimination in the workplace.   (f) The Company is not a federal or state
contractor or subcontractor obligated to develop and maintain an affirmative
action plan, and no claim or proceeding involving the Company is pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened with the Office of Federal
Contract Compliance Programs or any other Governmental Entity.   (g) No
citation has been issued by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
("OSHA") against the Company and no claim or proceeding is pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company under OSHA or any
other applicable Law relating to occupational safety and health.   15   
Section 3.16. Environmental Compliance and Disclosure. 
---------------------------------------  (a) To the Knowledge of the Company,
the Company possesses, and is in compliance in all material respects with,
all permits, licenses and government authorizations and has filed all notices
that are required under Laws relating to protection of the environment,
pollution control and hazardous materials ("Environmental Laws") applicable
to the Company.   (b) To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company has not
received any notice of liability under the Federal Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA") or any
similar state or local Law.   (c) The Company is in compliance in
all material respects with and, to the Knowledge of the Company, is not
subject to any liability under applicable Environmental Laws.   (d) To the
Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any other person has
released hazardous materials in any amount that could reasonably be required
to be remediated under applicable Environmental Laws on any real property
owned or leased by the Company.   Section 3.17. Intellectual Property. 
---------------------  (a) Schedule 3.17 sets forth a complete and accurate
list of all of the following items (the "Intellectual Property Rights") which
the Company owns and/or has a valid claim of ownership, excluding any
ownership rights provided pursuant to Third Party License Agreements (as
defined below): (i) United States and foreign patents and applications
therefor, (ii) United States and foreign trademark, trade name, service mark
and certification mark registrations and applications therefor at the
federal, state or local level, and (iii) United States and foreign copyright
registrations and applications therefor. Schedule 3.17 also sets forth a
complete and accurate list of all items described in the previous sentence in
which the Company holds a license from a third party, except licenses that
involve the payment by the Company of less than $50,000 per year (the "Third
Party License Agreements").   (b) The Intellectual Property Rights are free
and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens, and are not subject to
any license or other arrangement requiring payment to any third person with
respect to the ownership thereof or the obligation to grant rights to any
third person in exchange therefor. To the Knowledge of the Company, the
Company has valid rights under the Third Party License Agreements. The
Intellectual Property Rights and the rights underlying the Third Party
License Agreements are all those material intellectual property rights of the
type described in the first sentence of Section 3.17(a) used by the Company
in its business as presently conducted.   (c) To the Knowledge of the
Company, the validity of the Intellectual Property Rights and title thereto
and the validity of the rights underlying the Third Party License Agreements
have not been questioned in any Litigation. To the Knowledge of the Company,
the business of the Company does not infringe and has not been alleged to
infringe any patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights or
other intellectual property rights of others.   (d) Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.17, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement will not result in the loss or impairment of any of the
Intellectual Property Rights or the rights under any Third Party License
Agreements. Except as expressly authorized by the Company, to the Knowledge
of the Company there are no third parties using any of the Intellectual
Property Rights material to the business of the Company as presently
conducted.   16    Section 3.18. Company Software.  ----------------  
(a) Schedule 3.18 contains a complete and accurate list of all
material software products, other than shrink-wrap licenses, click-through
licenses or other similar end-user agreements for generally commercially
available software, owned, marketed or licensed by the Company and currently
in use by the Company (collectively, the "Company Software").   (b) The
Company owns, or possesses valid rights to, all Computer Software. There are
no infringement proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company with respect to any Computer Software.  
Section 3.19. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker, other than
Duff and Phelps, LLC (formerly, Valuemetrics Capital, L.L.C.) and Stout Risius
Ross, Inc., is entitled to any fee or commission in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or the Controlling
Shareholders.   Section 3.20. Notes and Accounts Receivable. 
-----------------------------  (a) Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.20,
there are no notes receivable held by the Company owing by any director,
officer, employee or shareholder of the Company.   (b) Schedule 3.20 sets
forth a complete and accurate schedule of the accounts receivable of the
Company at February 28, 2005, showing the amount of each receivable and an
aging of amounts due thereunder. All such receivables (net of any reserves
shown thereon which are reflected on the balance sheet at December 31, 2004),
and all receivables generated since that date subject to such reserve, (i)
are valid and incurred in the ordinary course of business in a manner
consistent with the Company\'s past practices, (ii) represent monies due for
goods sold and delivered or services rendered in the ordinary course
of business and (iii) are, to the Knowledge of the Company, not subject to
any refund, adjustment, setoff or dispute.   Section 3.21. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except for compensation and benefits received in the
ordinary course of business; contracts, agreements, instruments or
understandings which will have no force or effect with respect to the Company
at any time after the Closing Date; and except as set forth in Schedule 3.21:
no director, officer or employee of the Company or any affiliate of any such
person has any interest in (i) any material contract, agreement
or understanding relating to the business of the Company, (ii) any
loan, understanding, agreement or contract relating to indebtedness for
borrowed money of the Company, or (iii) any property, tangible or intangible,
used in the business of the Company.   Other than the specific
representations and warranties set forth in Article III with respect to the
Company, neither the Company nor any of the Controlling Shareholders makes,
and each further disclaims, any other representations and warranties.  
ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER   Buyer represents and
warrants to the Company as follows:   Section 4.1. Organization and
Standing. Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of Georgia and has full corporate power and authority
and all necessary government approvals to own and operate it properties and
assets and to conduct its business as presently conducted. Sub is a
corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State
of Minnesota and has full corporate power and authority to conduct its
business as presently conducted.   17    Section 4.2. Authority for
Agreement. Buyer and Sub have all necessary corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform  their respective obligations
hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
execution, delivery and performance by Buyer and Sub of this Agreement, and
the consummation by Buyer and Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby,
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action. No approval of
the equity holders of Buyer or Sub (other than approval, which has already
been given prior to the date of this Agreement, of this Agreement and the
Articles of Merger by Buyer as the sole shareholder of Sub) is necessary for
Buyer and Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer and Sub and
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer and
Sub enforceable against Buyer and Sub in accordance with its terms, except
as enforcement thereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors\' rights or remedies in general as from time to time
in effect or (ii) the exercise by courts of equity powers.   Section 4.3.
No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Buyer and Sub do
not, and the performance of this Agreement by Buyer and Sub and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, (i) conflict
with or violate the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Buyer or Sub, (ii)
conflict with or violate in any material respect any Law applicable to Buyer
or Sub or by which any property or asset of Buyer or Sub is bound
or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default under
any agreement to which Buyer or Sub is a party or by which Buyer or Sub is
bound, except for any such breaches or defaults which in the aggregate would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Buyer or
Sub.   Section 4.4. Required Filings and Consents. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Buyer and Sub do not, and the performance of
this Agreement by Buyer and Sub will not, require any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any
Governmental Entity, other than those required by the HSR Act.   Section
4.5. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker, other than Lane, Berry
and Co. International, LLC and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, is entitled to
any fee or commission in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer or
Sub.   Section 4.6. Merger Consideration. Buyer has sufficient, non-
contingent financial resources to pay the full Aggregate Merger Consideration
at Closing.   ARTICLE V  COVENANTS   Section 5.1. Conduct of the Business
Pending the Closing. The Company covenants and agrees that between the date
of this Agreement and the Closing Date, unless Buyer shall otherwise consent
in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed:  
(a) The business of the Company shall be conducted in all material respects
only in the ordinary course of business in a manner consistent with prior
practice. The Company shall use all commercially reasonable
efforts, consistent with past practices, to preserve substantially intact its
business organization, to keep available the services of its current
employees and to preserve the current relationships of the Company with
customers, dealers, suppliers and other persons with which the Company has
significant business relations, other than acts or omissions in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices.   18    (b) The
Company shall not (i) declare or pay (other than the previously-approved
April 2005 tax distribution to the Company Shareholders in the amount of
approximately $3,900,000 and other tax distributions in the ordinary course)
any dividends on or make other distributions in respect of its capital stock;
(ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or
authorize the issuance of any shares of capital stock or any
other securities; or (iii) repurchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its
capital stock except in accordance with existing agreements. The parties
acknowledge that the Company will be making its 2004 401(k) matching
contribution to the Company ESOP in an amount which approximates $1,474,670,
which will be made within the time frame required by applicable law (the
"401(k) Match").   (c) The Company shall not (i) amend the Company Articles
of Incorporation or the Company Bylaws; (ii) other than related to its
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or
guarantee any such indebtedness of another person; (iii) make any loans or
advances to any other person except for normal travel advances or other
business expenses of employees; (iv) sell or agree to sell any line
of business or assets, other than sales of products and services and non-
material assets in the ordinary course of business; (v) change in any
significant way its accounting methods or policies for either financial
accounting purposes (except as required by GAAP) or Tax purposes; (vi) make
any change in employment terms for any of its directors, officers or
employees, other than customary salary changes and adjustments in benefits in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (vii) create
any new obligations with respect to compensation, severance, benefits, change
of control payments or any other payments to employees, officers, directors
or affiliates of the Company other than those made in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice; or (viii) other than in the ordinary
course of business, incur any unbudgeted obligation, liability or capital
expenditure in excess of $100,000, individually. The parties acknowledge that
the Company may terminate the split dollar insurance agreements described in
Schedule 3.14 prior to Closing in accordance with their terms.   (d) The
Company will continue to collect accounts receivable and pay accounts payable
and similar obligations in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice, and will not accelerate the collection of accounts receivable
or stretch out the payment of accounts payable in a manner inconsistent with
past practice.   Section 5.2. Access to Information. From the date hereof
to the Closing Date, the Company shall cause the officers, directors,
employees, auditors, attorneys and other agents (collectively,
the "Representatives") of the Company to afford the Representatives of
Buyer reasonable access at all reasonable times to the officers, agents,
properties, offices and other facilities, books and records of the Company,
and shall furnish Buyer with all financial, operating and other data and
information as Buyer, through its Representatives, may reasonably request,
all subject to the Non-Disclosure Agreements dated October 19, 2004 and
January 17, 2005, as updated from time to time, between Buyer and the
Company.   Section 5.3. Further Assurances. Each of the parties hereto
shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to take all necessary or
appropriate action to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. If at
any time after the Closing Date any further action is necessary or desirable
to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the proper officers of each
party to this Agreement shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to take
all such action.   19    Section 5.4. Public Announcements. Neither
Buyer nor the Company shall issue any press release or make any public
statement regarding the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior
written approval of the other party, except as required by applicable Law.
Buyer shall provide the Company with at least three days\' advance notice
of any press release or public statement relating to the Merger and will
allow Company to review and comment thereon.   Section 5.5. No Shop.
Neither the Controlling Shareholders nor the Company shall solicit, initiate
or encourage the submission of any Acquisition Proposal or participate in or
encourage any discussion regarding any Acquisition Proposal. The Controlling
Shareholders and the Company shall provide immediate notice to Buyer of their
receipt of any Acquisition Proposal. For purposes of this Agreement,
"Acquisition Proposal" means any bona fide proposal with respect to a merger,
consolidation, tender offer or similar transaction involving the Company, or
any purchase or other acquisition of all or any significant portion of the
assets of the Company or any equity interest in the Company.   Section 5.6
Regulatory Matters and Approvals. Buyer and the Company will file as soon as
practicable after the date hereof any notification and report forms and other
materials that it may be required to file with the Federal Trade Commission
and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice
(collectively, "HSR Authority") under the HSR Act, will use their reasonable
efforts to obtain an early termination of the applicable waiting period, and
will make any further filings pursuant thereto that may be necessary or
advisable, and will take all reasonable actions requested by any HSR
Authority to ensure approval or non-objection under the HSR Act.   Section
5.7. Tax Matters.   (a) Responsibility for Filing Tax Returns.   (i) Buyer
shall prepare and file (applying Tax accounting  methods and entity
classifications in a manner consistent with the  Company\'s past filings), or
cause to be prepared and filed, at the  Surviving Company\'s cost and
expense, all Tax Returns for any taxable  period ending on or before the
Closing Date ("Pre-Closing Tax Period")  that are to be filed after the
Closing Date; provided, however, that  Buyer shall permit the Shareholders\'
Representative to review, comment  and approve (such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld or unduly  delayed) each such Tax Return prior to
filing. The Surviving Company  shall pay, on a timely basis (taking into
account all extension of due  dates), any Taxes of the Company with respect
to such Tax Returns.   (ii) In the event of any disagreement between Buyer
and the  Shareholders\' Representative regarding items set forth on the Tax 
Returns described in this Section 5.7(a), Buyer and the Shareholders\' 
Representative shall, in good faith, use their best efforts to agree on  such
items. If such efforts fail, the parties shall resolve such  disagreement
using Independent Accountants pursuant to the procedures  set forth in
Section 1.5(c) of this Agreement.   (b) Audits and Other Tax
Proceedings.   (i) Notice of Tax Disputes. If any Tax authority disputes
any  item on a Tax Return of the Company for any Pre-Closing Tax Period, 
the person receiving notice of the dispute shall promptly notify each  other
party. If any Tax authority disputes any item on a Tax Return of  the Company
for any Tax period ending after the Closing Date (a  "Post-Closing Tax
Period"), and that item is reasonably likely to  affect any Tax liability of
the Company Shareholders, is reasonably  likely to result in a claim against
the Escrow Fund or is reasonably  likely to cause the Controlling
Shareholders to have an indemnification  obligation under Section 8.1, the
person receiving notice of the  dispute shall promptly notify each other
party.   20    (ii) Pre-Closing Tax Periods. The Shareholders\'
Representative  shall control the conduct, subject to reimbursement from the
Escrow  Fund, of all stages of any Tax audit or other administrative or 
judicial Tax proceeding (a "Tax Proceeding") with respect to any of the 
Purchased Entities for any Pre-Closing Tax Period; provided, however,  that
the Shareholders\' Representative shall allow Buyer to participate  in any
such Tax Proceeding, and the Shareholders\' Representative shall  not with
respect to any such Tax Proceeding controlled by him accept  any proposed
adjustment or enter into any settlement or agreement that  would create
additional Tax liabilities of the Company or Buyer (unless  they would be
fully indemnified by the Escrow Fund and/or the  Controlling Shareholders),
without the express written consent of  Buyer, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or unduly  delayed; and provided further that if such
Tax Proceeding relates  primarily to material Taxes for which the Company or
any of the  Purchased Entities may be potentially liable and for which the 
Controlling Shareholders are not required to fully indemnify Buyer  under
Section 8.1, then Buyer shall have the right to control the Tax  Proceeding.
The Shareholders\' Representative shall have the right to  participate in any
such Tax Proceeding controlled by Buyer and in which  the Controlling
Shareholders are reasonably likely to have an  indemnification obligation
under Section 8.1 (by a claim against the  Escrow Fund or otherwise) or in
which the Controlling Shareholders may  be potentially liable for any Tax;
and Buyer shall not with respect to  any such Tax Proceeding accept any
proposed adjustment or enter into  any settlement or agreement that would
materially increase such  indemnification obligation or would create
additional Tax liabilities  of the Company Shareholders with respect to the
Section 338(h)(10)  Election Taxes under Section 1.5(f), or otherwise,
without the express  written consent of the Shareholders\' Representative,
which consent  shall not be unreasonably withheld or unduly delayed.  
(iii) Post-Closing Tax Periods. Buyer shall control the  conduct of all
stages of any Tax Proceeding with respect to the  Purchased Entities for any
Post-Closing Tax Period; provided, however,  that if any such Tax Proceeding
is reasonably likely to affect any Tax  liability of the Company
Shareholders, is reasonably likely to result  in a claim against the Escrow
Fund or is reasonably likely to cause the  Controlling Shareholders to have
an indemnification obligation under  Section 8.1, Buyer shall allow the
Shareholders\' Representative to  participate in the Tax Proceeding; and
Buyer shall not with respect to  any such Tax Proceeding accept any proposed
adjustment or enter into  any settlement or agreement that would materially
increase such  indemnification obligation or would create additional Tax
liabilities  of the Company Shareholders with respect to the Section
338(h)(10)  Election Taxes under Section 1.5(f), or otherwise, without the
express  written consent of the Shareholders\' Representative, which
consent  shall not be unreasonably withheld or unduly delayed; and provided 
further that if such Tax Proceeding relates solely to Taxes for which  the
Controlling Shareholders are required to fully indemnify Buyer  under Section
8.1 (by a claim against the Escrow Fund or otherwise) or  for which any of
the Controlling Shareholders would be liable, the  Shareholders\'
Representative shall have the right to control, subject  to reimbursement
from the Escrow Fund, the conduct of all stages of the  Tax Proceeding, and
shall allow Buyer to participate in the Tax  Proceeding; and the
Shareholders\' Representative shall not with respect  to any such Tax
Proceeding controlled by him accept any proposed  adjustment or enter into
any settlement or agreement that would create  additional Tax liabilities of
the Company or Buyer (unless they would  be fully indemnified by the Escrow
Fund and/or the Controlling  Shareholders), without the express written
consent of Buyer, which  consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or unduly
delayed.   21    (c) Cooperation on Tax Matters.   (i) Buyer, the
Purchased Entities, the Controlling  Shareholders and the Shareholders"
Representative shall cooperate  fully, as and to the extent reasonably
requested by the other party, in  connection with the filing of Tax Returns
pursuant to this Section 5.7  and any Tax Proceeding. Such cooperation shall
include the retention  and (upon another party\'s reasonable request) the
provision of records  and information which are reasonably relevant to any
such Tax  Proceeding and making employees available on a mutually
convenient  basis to provide additional information and explanation of any
material  provided hereunder. Buyer, the Company, the other Purchased
Entities,  the Controlling Shareholders and the Shareholders\' Representative
agree  (A) to retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters 
pertinent to the Purchased Entities relating to any Pre-Closing Tax  Period
ended on or before the Closing Date until the expiration of the  statute of
limitations (with due regard for any extensions thereof) of  the respective
taxable periods, and (B) after such expiration to give  the other party
reasonable written notice prior to transferring,  destroying or discarding
any such books and records and, if the other  party so requests, the party in
possession of such records shall allow  the other party to take possession of
such books and records.   (ii) The parties further agree, upon request, to
use  reasonable commercial efforts (at the expense of the requesting party) 
to obtain any certificate or other document from any Governmental  Entity or
any other person as may be reasonably necessary to mitigate,  reduce or
eliminate any Tax that could be imposed (including, but not  limited to, with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby).   (iii) The parties
further agree, upon reasonable request, to  provide any other party with all
information that such other party may  be required to report pursuant to
Section 6043 of the Code and all  Treasury Regulations promulgated
thereunder.   (d) Tax Sharing Agreements. All Tax sharing agreements or
similar agreements with respect to or involving the Purchased Entities shall
be terminated as of the Closing Date and, after the Closing Date, the
Purchased Entities shall not be bound thereby or have any liability
thereunder.   (e) Payment of Surviving Company Debt. If the Surviving
Company has any debts that are subject to the deduction timing rules of Code
Section 404 and they are due within the payment period specified in such
section following the Closing Date, the Surviving Company will pay them in a
timely manner pursuant to such Code section in order to ensure an allowable
tax deduction to the Company as of the Closing Date. If the Surviving Company
elects to exercise the prepayment option pursuant to the Company\'s 2002 Long
Term Executive Compensation Plan, such payment(s) will be subject to the
previous sentence.   (f) Allocation for the Final S Corporation Return of
the Company. The parties understand that Code Sections 1362(e)(6)(C) and
1362(e)(6)(D) will require the Company\'s final S corporation return to
reflect the Code Section 338(h)(10) gain or loss and taxable income or loss
from January 1, 2005 through the Closing Date by closing the books as of the
Closing Date and using normal tax accounting rules for determining the
taxable income and loss for the period. The parties agree that, if necessary,
they will cooperate in an election under Code Section 1362(e)(3) not to apply
the pro rata income allocation rules for the Company\'s final S corporation
return.   22    Section 5.8. Controlling Shareholders\' Release.
Effective as of the Closing Date and conditioned upon the Closing, each of
the Controlling Shareholders (for itself, himself or herself and all of its,
his or her successors and assigns) does hereby knowingly and voluntarily
irrevocably release and forever discharge the Company and all of its
successors and assigns, from any and all claims, demands and causes of action
of any kind, either now accrued or hereafter maturing, which the Controlling
Shareholders now have or hereafter may have arising on or prior to the date
of this Agreement, whether known or unknown (the "Released Claims"), but
expressly excluding (a) claims under any Benefit Plan, (b) any rights to
indemnity under the Company\'s existing Bylaws and Company Articles of
Incorporation or any other rights to indemnity under any applicable Law, (c)
any claims under this Agreement, including any rights to indemnity or the Per
Share Merger Consideration, or (d) any claims pursuant to agreements
disclosed in any of the Schedules. The Controlling Shareholders further agree
never to commence any suit or other proceeding against the Company with
respect to any such Released Claims.   Section 5.9. Employee Benefits.  
(a) Liberty Shares Freedom and Cavion 401(k) Plans. On and after the date of
this Agreement and until the Closing Date: (i) the Company shall continue
tosponsor, maintain and administer the Liberty Shares Freedom Plan (the
"Freedom Plan") and shall cause its affiliate, Cavion, to continue to sponsor
and maintain the Cavion 401(k) Plan (the "Cavion Plan") in accordance with
their respective terms and conditions, as set forth in their respective plan
and trust documents as of the date of this Agreement, and in accordance with
applicable law; (ii) the Company shall continue to fund and shall
cause Cavion to continue to fund all employee contributions to the 401(k)
components of the Freedom Plan and the Cavion Plans (the "401(k) Plan
Components") which are required during this time period, and may continue to
fund, or cause Cavion to fund, under the 401(k) Plan Components, any
discretionary employer contributions in amounts not in excess of the
discretionary employer contributions previously made by the Company and the
affiliate to the Freedom and Cavion Plans; (iii) neither the Company nor
Cavion shall amend, or cause an amendment of, the Freedom or Cavion Plans
without the prior written consent of Buyer, except for any amendment (as to
which Buyer will be given the opportunity to review and comment) which
is necessary to maintain the tax-qualification of the Freedom or Cavion Plan
and their related employee benefit trusts for favorable income tax treatment
under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code, respectively, and to implement
the amendments referred to in subsections (b) through (e), and to provide
that each participant\'s Freedom Plan and Cavion Plan account will become 100
percent vested and non-forfeitable as of the Closing Date; (iv) neither the
Company nor Cavion shall terminate the appointment of any fiduciary as
defined in ERISA with respect to the Freedom Plan or Cavion Plan without the
prior written consent of Buyer, except for any termination attributable to a
breach by such fiduciary of any fiduciary duty imposed on the fiduciary under
ERISA; and (v) neither the Company nor Cavion shall terminate, or cause the
termination of, any agreement with any service provider providing services to
the Freedom Plan or Cavion 401(k) Plan as of the date of this Agreement
without the prior written consent of Buyer, except for any termination
attributable to a breach by such service provider of its duties.   (b)
Termination of Plans. Immediately prior to the Closing, the Board of
Directors of the Company shall adopt resolutions (which include
appropriate amendments to the Freedom Plan) that terminate the Freedom Plan
effective immediately prior to the Closing, and the Company shall cause the
Board of Directors of Cavion to adopt resolutions (which include appropriate
amendments to the Cavion Plan) that terminate the Cavion Plan, effective
immediately prior to the Closing. As soon as practical following the Closing,
Buyer shall file applications with the IRS for determination letters to the
effect that the termination of the Freedom Plan and Cavion Plan will not
affect their tax qualified status. As soon as practicable after the receipt
of a favorable IRS determination letter with respect to each such plan that
considers the effect of the termination, the assets of that plan shall be
distributed in a lump sum to participants or transferred in a direct rollover
to Buyer\'s 401(k) Plan (as defined below).   23    (c) Status of
Trustee Under and Disposition of Company ESOP. Buyer and the Company shall
take such actions as may be necessary to maintain GreatBanc Trust Company
("GreatBanc"), or a trustee with experience and capabilities which are
comparable to those of GreatBanc, as the discretionary trustee of the Company
ESOP until the first date as of which the Company ESOP\'s entire interest in
the Aggregate Merger Consideration has been paid to the ESOP trustee and
such interest, and all other assets under the ESOP, have been allocated
and transferred to the 401(k) Component accounts of eligible participants
in accordance with the terms of the ESOP.   (d) Participation in Buyer
401(k) Plans. Effective as soon as practicable after the Closing, the
employees of Company and Cavion shall be eligible to participate in the tax-
qualified 401(k) plan sponsored by Buyer (the "Buyer 401(k) Plan") under the
same provisions that are generally applicable to similarly situated employees
of Buyer. The employees of the Company, the other Purchased Entities and
Cavion shall receive credit for service with the Company, the other Purchased
Entities and Cavion prior to the Closing Date, for purposes of participation
and vesting under the Buyer 401(k) Plan.   (e) Plan Administration. Except
as otherwise provided in subsections (a) through (e), on and after the
Closing Date, Buyer shall be responsible for administering the Company\'s
Benefit Plans whose sponsorship is assumed or continued by the Surviving
Corporation ("Assumed Plans"). In addition, Buyer shall be responsible for
providing all notices and continuation coverage required under COBRA with
respect to the Assumed Plans after the Closing Date.   Section 5.10.
Officers and Directors Insurance Coverage. Buyer shall cause to be maintained
in effect an extended reporting period ("Tail Coverage") for the current
directors\' and officers\', fiduciary and outside directorship liability
insurance policies maintained by the Company that will cover claims of the
Shareholders\' Representative and current and former directors,
officers, members of the Company\'s Freedom Plan and Internal Management
Committees and the trustee of the Company ESOP, arising from facts or events
that occurred prior to the Effective Time (including the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) but for which no circumstances were reported
to the insurer until after the Effective Time. Subject to market availability
and/or existing policy language, such coverage shall have an effective date
beginning upon the date of policy cancellation and lasting for six years from
the Effective Time (the "Tail Coverage Period"). The Tail Coverage shall be
non-cancelable upon payment of premium. Should the insurance company
providing such coverage become insolvent during the Tail Coverage Period,
Buyer shall cause to be obtained for the remainder of such Tail Coverage
Period directors\' and officers\' liability insurance with coverage limits of
not less than such limits currently in effect, and providing for coverage no
less comprehensive than the coverage currently in effect. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, in no event shall Buyer be required to
expend pursuant to this Section 5.10 during the Tail Coverage Period more
than an aggregate amount equal to 400% (the "Tail Coverage Cap") of the
current annual premium paid by the Company for such insurance. In the event
that Buyer would be required to expend more than the Tail Coverage Cap to
maintain such coverage, Buyer shall pay up to the Tail Coverage Cap and
the Shareholders\' Representative will be authorized to instruct the Escrow
Agent to pay any remaining amounts necessary to cover the remaining shortfall
from the Escrow Fund.   24    ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO CLOSING  
Section 6.1. Conditions to the Obligation of Each Party. The
respective obligations of Buyer, Sub, the Company, the Controlling
Shareholders and the Shareholders\' Representative to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction
of the following conditions, unless waived in writing by all parties:   (a)
No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction preventing the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
effect.   (b) No suit, investigation, action or other proceeding brought by
a Governmental Entity shall be pending against Buyer, Sub or the Company
which, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Company or Buyer, would
be likely to restrain or prohibit any such party from consummating the
transactions contemplated hereby or result in damages or other relief being
obtained from such party, except where such suit, investigation, action or
other proceeding is not likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
(c) All applicable waiting periods (including any extensions thereof) under
the HSR Act shall have expired or otherwise been terminated and the parties
shall have received any other required authorizations, consents and approvals
of any Governmental Entity, except where the failure to receive such other
required authorization, consent and approval is not likely to result in
a Material Adverse Effect.   (d) This Agreement and the Merger shall have
been duly approved by the Company Shareholders as required by Minnesota
Law.   Section 6.2. Conditions to Obligations of Buyer and Sub.
The obligations of Buyer and Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are further subject to satisfaction of the following
conditions:   (a) The representations and warranties set forth in Article
III shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing Date, other than such representations and
warranties which speak only as to a specific date.   (b) The Company shall
have performed and complied with all of its covenants hereunder in all
material respects through the Closing.   (c) No Company Material Adverse
Effect shall have occurred since the date of this Agreement which is not
adequately covered by insurance.   (d) The Company shall have delivered to
Buyer a certificate (in form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer) of the
Shareholders\' Representative to the effect that each of the conditions
specified in (a) through (c) above is satisfied in all respects.   (e)
Buyer shall have received from counsel to the Company an opinion, dated as of
the Closing Date, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.  
(f) The Company and Shareholders\' Representative shall have executed and
delivered to Buyer the Escrow Agreement.   25    (g) The Company shall
have furnished Buyer with financial statements for 2003, together with the
audit report of Grant Thornton LLP, which report will not indicate any event
or condition which could result in or constitute a Material Adverse
Effect.   (h) Subject to Buyer fulfilling its preparation, execution
and delivery obligations under Section 1.5(b) hereof, each of the
Company Shareholders shall have executed and delivered to Buyer a form(s)
8023 (and any necessary state forms) as prepared by Buyer and agreed to by
the Company Shareholders pursuant to Section 1.5(b) consenting to the making
of a timely election under Section 338(h)(10) of the Code.   Buyer may
waive any condition specified in this Section 6.2 if it executes a writing so
stating at or prior to the Closing.   Section 6.3. Conditions to Obligation
of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement is further subject to satisfaction of the
following conditions:   (a) The representations and warranties set forth in
Article IV shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date
of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date.   (b) Buyer and Sub shall
have performed and complied with all of their respective covenants hereunder
in all material respects through the Closing.   (c) Buyer shall have
delivered to the Company a certificate (in form reasonably satisfactory to
the Company) of a Vice President of Buyer to the effect that each of the
conditions specified in (a) and (b) above is satisfied in all respects.  
(d) The Company shall have received from counsel to Buyer an opinion, dated
as of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Company, covering the matters set forth in Sections 4.1 through 4.4.  
(e) Buyer shall have executed and delivered to Company the Escrow Agreement,
which agreement shall also have been executed by the Escrow Agent.   (f) No
Company Shareholder shall have exercised dissenter\'s rights under Minnesota
law, and there shall be no Dissenting Shares as of the Closing Date.   (g)
All actions to be taken by Buyer in connection with consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and all certificates, opinions and
other documents required to effect the transactions contemplated hereby will
be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company.   The
Company may waive any condition specified in this Section 6.3 if it executes
a writing so stating at or prior to the Closing.   ARTICLE VII 
TERMINATION   Section 7.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at
any time prior to the Closing Date:   26    (a) By written consent of
the Company and Buyer.   (b) By either Buyer or the Company if any court of
competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity shall have issued an
order, decree, ruling or taken any other action permanently restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become
final and non-appealable; provided however, that the party terminating this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(b) shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to have such order, decree, ruling or action vacated prior
to such termination.   (c) By either Buyer or the Company in the event that
the other party shall breach in any material respect any of its respective
representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder and,
within 10 business days (up to 30 business days if the party subject to such
cure is making good faith efforts to cure such breach) after written
notice of such breach to the breaching party, such breach shall not have been
cured.   (d) By either Buyer or the Company if the Closing shall not
have occurred on or before December 31, 2005 by reason of the Merger\'s
failure to comply with the HSR Act; provided, however, that the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(d) shall not be available to
any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement has
been the primary cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to have
occurred on or before such date.   Section 7.2. Effect of Termination. In
the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1
hereof, this Agreement shall forthwith be terminated and have no further
effect except as specifically provided herein, provided, however, each party
shall have the right to make any claims under this Agreement for breach or
default.   ARTICLE VIII  OBLIGATIONS AFTER CLOSING   Section 8.1.
Indemnification Obligations.   (a) The representations and warranties of the
Company contained in Article III shall survive until such date as is 18
months from the Closing Date, at which time such representations and
warranties shall expire together with the Buyer Indemnified Parties\' right
to assert any claim for indemnification or recovery under this Agreement or
otherwise; provided, however, that the representations and warranties of the
Company contained in Section 3.9 with respect to Taxes shall survive until
such date which is 60 months from the Closing Date ("Tax Indemnification
Period"), at which time such representations and warranties shall expire and
any and all indemnifications obligations with respect thereto shall
terminate.   (b) From and after the Closing Date, Buyer and the
Surviving Corporation, and their respective officers, directors, employees,
agents and representatives (collectively, the "Buyer Indemnified Parties")
shall be held harmless and indemnified from the Escrow Fund from and against
any and all claims, liabilities, obligations, losses, costs, expenses,
penalties, fines, judgments and damages whenever arising or incurred,
including, without limitation, amounts paid in settlement and reasonable
outside accountant, tax consultant and attorney fees and expenses
(collectively, "Losses") which any of them may incur by reason of (i) any
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the
Company or any Controlling Shareholder in this Agreement (with respect to the
Company, only those covenants and agreements which are to occur prior to the
Closing Date), (ii) any amounts paid to holders   27   of Dissenting
Shares in excess of the Per Share Merger Consideration that otherwise would
have been paid to such holders had they not dissented (clauses (i) and (ii)
collectively, the "Buyer Losses"). The aggregate amount of all Buyer Losses
and Tax Losses (as defined below) for which the Buyer Indemnified Parties
shall be entitled to be indemnified shall not exceed $8,000,000 and
the Escrow Fund shall be the sole source of recourse for all such Losses.
In addition, following the earlier of the expiration of the Escrow Claims
Period or the date the Escrow Fund is fully depleted, the Buyer Indemnified
Parties shall be entitled to additional indemnification in an amount of up
to $40,000,000 (which amount will be reduced dollar for dollar with respect
to 338 Losses (as defined below) to the extent the Escrow Fund has been
applied against or reserved for 338 Losses)(the "Tax Limit") with respect to
Losses arising solely out of breaches of the representations and warranties
set forth in Section 3.9 ("Section 3.9 Losses") or a determination that the
Section 338(h)(10) Election is not valid under applicable law solely as a
result of (x) the Company\'s failure to be treated as an S corporation under
the Code for all Pre-Closing Tax Periods in which the Company existed, (y)
acts of the Company or the Company Shareholders prior to the Closing Date, or
(z) a breach by the Shareholders\' Representative of his express obligations
set forth in Section 1.5(b) of this Agreement related to the Section
338(h)(10) Election ("338 Losses", and together with the Section 3.9 Losses,
collectively, "Tax Losses"). Notwithstanding any other provision in
this Agreement, the Buyer Indemnified Parties shall not be entitled to be
indemnified (x) for any Buyer Losses (other than Tax Losses) unless and until
the aggregate amount of Buyer Losses exceeds $250,000 (the "Threshold"), or
(y) for any Tax Losses unless and until the aggregate amount of Tax Losses
exceeds $50,000 (the "Tax Threshold"), in either of which case the amount of
Buyer Losses in excess of the Threshold, or Tax Losses in excess of the Tax
Threshold, subject to the limits of the Escrow Fund (except as discussed in
the proviso below), shall then be subject to indemnity. Upon the release of
the Escrow Fund, all amounts shall be allocated among the Controlling
Shareholders as set forth in the Escrow Agreement. Except as set forth below,
the Escrow Fund shall be the exclusive source of indemnification and recovery
for Losses by the Buyer Indemnified Parties; provided, however, upon
termination of the Escrow Fund, the Buyer Indemnified Parties may seek
recourse against the Controlling Shareholders directly with respect to any
Tax Losses not paid from the Escrow Fund until the expiration of the Tax
Indemnification Period, as set forth in Section 8.1(a) and only up to the Tax
Limit. Buyer agrees that the Company or the Controlling Shareholders (or any
of them) may procure insurance to cover all or a portion of the Tax Losses in
an amount determined by the Controlling Shareholders ("Tax Insurance") and
Buyer will cooperate with the Company and the Controlling Shareholders to
procure the Tax Insurance. Buyer agrees that the
Shareholders\' Representative will have exclusive control of and the right to
make all decisions with respect to the Tax Insurance regardless of who is the
owner of the Tax Insurance policy. If the Tax Insurance is so procured, then
Buyer will make all of its Tax Loss claims against the Tax Insurance and will
only make direct claims against the Controlling Shareholders (subject to the
limitations in this Agreement) if the Tax Insurance does not satisfy such Tax
Losses or the Tax Insurance underwriter refuses or fails to pay such Tax
Losses for any reason.   (c) From and after the Closing Date, the
Shareholders\' Representative, as the agent and on behalf of the Controlling
Shareholders, the Company ESOP and its fiduciaries, participants and
beneficiaries, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees,
agents and representatives, as applicable (collectively, the "Shareholder
Indemnified Parties"), shall be held harmless and indemnified by Buyer from
and against any and all Losses which any of them may incur by reason of any
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or undertaking
made by Buyer, Sub or the Surviving Company in this Agreement or the Escrow
Agreement (the "Shareholder Losses").   (d) All indemnified parties under
this Section 8.1 ("Indemnitees") shall use their reasonable efforts to
mitigate any Losses in connection with an indemnity claim made pursuant to
Article VIII, including, without limitation, by using reasonable efforts to
submit and obtain payment on insurance claims where there are third-party
insurance policies covering such Losses and secure   28   insurance
benefits (if any). If the amount of Losses, at any time prior to
or subsequent to the payment thereof by an indemnitor to an Indemnitee
pursuant to this Article VIII is reduced pursuant to any insurance coverage,
the amount of such reduction (net of (i) any out-of-pocket expenses, (ii)
increases in premiums or (iii) any deductible incurred in obtaining such
reduction) shall promptly be repaid by the Indemnitee to the applicable
indemnitor. Furthermore, all indemnification obligations under this Article
VIII shall be reduced by the then present value of any net Tax benefit
(including as a result of any basis adjustment) to the indemnified party
arising from or relating to any such indemnified Loss.   Section 8.2.
Indemnification Procedure.   (a) Promptly after receipt by a Buyer
Indemnified Party or a Shareholder Indemnified Party, as applicable (referred
to herein as an "Indemnified Party"), of notice by a third party of any
complaint or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to
which such Indemnified Party may be entitled to receive payment from the
other party for any Losses, such Indemnified Party shall notify the
Shareholders\' Representative or Buyer, as applicable (referred to herein as
the "Indemnifying Party"), within 20 days of such complaint or of the
commencement of such action or proceeding; provided, however, that the
failure to so notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the
Indemnifying Party from liability for such claim arising otherwise than under
this Agreement, and such failure shall relieve the Indemnifying Party
from liability under this Agreement with respect to such claim only if, and
only to the extent that, such failure to notify the Indemnifying Party
results in the forfeiture by the Indemnifying Party of rights and defenses
otherwise available to the Indemnifying Party with respect to such claim. The
Indemnifying Party shall have the right, upon written notice delivered to the
Indemnified Party within 30 days thereafter, to assume the defense of such
action or proceeding, including the employment of counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of the fees and
disbursements of such counsel. In the event, however, that the Indemnifying
Party declines or fails to assume the defense of the action or proceeding or
to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, in either
case within such 30-day period, then the Indemnified Party may employ counsel
to represent or defend it in any such action or proceeding and the
Indemnifying Party shall pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of such
counsel as incurred; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not
be required to pay the fees and disbursements of more than one counsel for
all Indemnified Parties in any jurisdiction in any single action or
proceeding. In any action or proceeding with respect to which indemnification
is being sought hereunder, the Indemnified Party or the Indemnifying Party,
whichever is not assuming the defense of such action, shall have the right to
participate in such action or proceeding and to retain its own counsel at
such party\'s own expense. The Indemnifying Party or the Indemnified Party,
as the case may be, shall at all times use reasonable efforts to keep
the other party reasonably apprised of the status of the defense of any
action and to cooperate in good faith with each other with respect to the
defense of any such action.   (b) No Indemnified Party may settle or
compromise any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to
which indemnification is being sought hereunder, unless the Indemnifying
Party fails to assume and maintain the defense of such claim pursuant to
Section 8.2(a); provided, however, that such claim shall not be settled or
compromised without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. An Indemnifying Party
may not, without the prior written consent of any Indemnified Party, settle
or compromise any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect
to which indemnification is being sought hereunder unless (i) simultaneously
with the effectiveness of such settlement, compromise or consent, the
Indemnifying Party pays in full any obligation imposed on the
Indemnified Party by such settlement, compromise or consent and (ii) such
settlement, compromise or consent does not contain any equitable order,
judgment or term which in any manner affects, restrains or interferes with
the business of the Indemnified Party or any of the Indemnified Party\'s
affiliates.   29    (c) In the event an Indemnified Party shall claim a
right to payment pursuant to this Agreement, such Indemnified Party shall
send written notice of such claim to the appropriate Indemnifying Party in
accordance with the Escrow Agreement and such claim shall be handled in
accordance with the Escrow Agreement.   (d) The Shareholders\'
Representative shall have the right to pay all costs and expenses incurred in
investigating, defending (including reasonable fees and disbursements of
counsel), settling, compromising and paying third party claims as described
and authorized in Sections 8.2(a) and 8.2(b) out of the Escrow Fund. The
Escrow Agreement shall direct the Escrow Agent to pay such amounts out of the
Escrow Fund to and for the benefit of the Shareholders\' Representative upon
his demand.   (e) If any provisions of this Section 8.2 conflict with the
procedures and administration set forth in Section 5.7, the applicable
provisions of Section 5.7 shall control.   Section 8.3. Sole Remedy. From
and after the Closing Date, the indemnities provided for in this Article VIII
shall be the exclusive remedies of the Buyer Indemnified Parties and
Shareholder Indemnified Parties for any breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or undertaking by the Company, the Controlling
Shareholders or Buyer. In furtherance of the foregoing, except for claims for
Losses permitted by this Article VIII, Buyer and Sub hereby waive on behalf
of themselves and all Buyer Indemnified Parties, from and after the Closing,
to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, any and all rights,
claims and causes of action arising out of or related to this Agreement or
the Merger (other than claims of, or causes of actions arising from, fraud or
intentional misrepresentation) which the Buyer Indemnified Parties may have
against the Company Shareholders or the Company.   Section 8.4.
Shareholders\' Representative.   (a) The Shareholders\' Representative shall
act as the exclusive representative of each Controlling Shareholder for the
purpose of settling on their behalf claims made by any Buyer Indemnified
Party under Section 8.1(b) or asserting on their behalf claims against Buyer
under Section 8.1(c), representing them in any indemnification proceedings
under Section 8.2, and representing them in connection with any other claim
by any Buyer Indemnified Party. The Shareholders\' Representative shall also
act as the exclusive representative of each Controlling Shareholder for the
purpose of instructing the Escrow Agent as to distributions from the Escrow
Fund. Each Controlling Shareholder shall be bound by any action taken by the
Shareholders\' Representative on their behalf.   (b) The Buyer Indemnified
Parties and the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely exclusively upon any
notice or communication given by the Shareholders\' Representative with
respect to the Controlling Shareholders and shall not be liable in any manner
whatsoever for any action taken or not taken in reliance upon such notice or
communication. The Buyer Indemnified Parties and the Escrow Agent shall be
entitled to disregard any notice or communication from any Controlling
Shareholder with respect to the matters described in this Section 8.4 unless
given or made through the Shareholders\' Representative.   (c) In the event
of the inability of the Shareholders\' Representative to perform its
functions hereunder, a majority of the Controlling Shareholders, voting in
proportion to the number of Company Shares owned by them on the Closing Date,
shall appoint a substitute Shareholders\' Representative.   30    (d) The
Shareholders\' Representative shall not be liable to any Controlling
Shareholder for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it as
the Shareholders\' Representative unless it is proved by clear and
convincing evidence that its action or failure to act was undertaken with
willful or deliberate intent to cause injury to the Controlling Shareholders.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Shareholders\' Representative shall not
be liable to any Controlling Shareholder for any action taken or omitted to
be taken by it as the Shareholders\' Representative in good faith in reliance
upon any advice, opinion, report or other information prepared by legal
counsel, public accountants or other professionals. The Shareholders\'
Representative shall be indemnified and held harmless out of the Escrow Fund
prior to any such distribution being made, from and against any Loss or
expense of any nature incurred by the Shareholders\' Representative arising
out of its duties as Shareholders\' Representative, including reasonable
legal fees and other costs and expenses of defending against any claim
arising out of such duties, unless such Loss or expense shall be caused by
the willful or deliberate misconduct of the Shareholders\'
Representative.   Section 8.5. Company ESOP. Section 8.4 shall not apply to
the Company ESOP, which the parties acknowledge to be represented by
GreatBanc, as trustee (or any duly appointed successor).   Section 8.6
Escrow Claims Period.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement, the "Escrow
Claims Period" shall be the time period during which a claim for
indemnification may be asserted against the Escrow Fund under this Agreement
and the Escrow Agreement by a Buyer Indemnified Party. The Escrow Claims
Period shall commence on the Closing Date and shall terminate on such date
which is 18 months from the Closing Date, at which time any remaining funds
in the Escrow Fund shall be released and distributed to the Controlling
Shareholders, subject to the provisions of the Escrow Agreement. Thereafter,
the Controlling Shareholders shall have no further indemnification or other
obligations to the Buyer Indemnified Parties under this Article VIII, other
than indemnification obligations specifically set forth in this Article VIII
with respect to Tax Losses, subject to the Tax Indemnification Period and the
Tax Limit.   (b) If the Buyer Indemnified Parties fail to give written
notice to the Shareholders\' Representative of a claim for any Buyer Losses
prior to the close of business on the last day of the Escrow Claims Period,
then such claim will be barred. If the Buyer Indemnified Parties fail to give
written notice to the Shareholders\' Representative of a claim for any Tax
Losses prior to the close of business on the last day of the Tax
Indemnification Period, then such claim will be barred. Notwithstanding the
foregoing and the provisions of Section 8.6(a), if prior to the close of
business on the last day of the Escrow Claims Period or the Tax
Indemnification Period, as applicable, the Shareholders\'
Representative shall have been properly notified of a claim for indemnity
hereunder and such claim shall not have been finally resolved or disposed of
at such date, such claim shall continue to survive and shall remain a basis
for indemnity hereunder until such claim is finally resolved or disposed of
in accordance with the terms hereof. All undisputed portions of the Escrow
Fund shall be distributed pursuant to this Article VIII and the Escrow
Agreement.   31    ARTICLE IX  MISCELLANEOUS   Section 9.1. Notices.
All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing, and shall be personally delivered (including by means of
professional messenger service), sent by registered or certified mail,
overnight courier or confirmed telecopy transmission, and shall be deemed
received upon the date of receipt thereof.   If to Buyer or Sub: John H.
Harland Company  2939 Miller Road  Decatur, Georgia 30035  Attention: John
C. Walters  Facsimile: 770-593-5619   If to the Company or the David L.
Copham  Controlling Shareholders: 11290 Longwater Chase Court  Ft. Myers, FL
33908  Facsimile: 941-466-0778   With a copy to:   Maslon Edelman Borman
and Brand, LLP  90 South 7th Street  Minneapolis, MN 55331  Attn: Shawn
McIntee  Facsimile: 612-642-8316   Notice of change of address shall be
given in the manner detailed in this Section 9.1.   Section 9.2.
Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No
party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or
obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other
parties; provided, however, that Buyer and Sub may freely assign their rights
to another subsidiary of Buyer without such prior written approval but
no such assignment shall relieve Buyer or Sub of any of its obligations
hereunder.   Section 9.3. Partial Invalidity. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement
shall not be affected thereby, and each such term and provision of this
Agreement shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by
Law.   Section 9.4. Waivers. No waiver of any breach of any provision
herein shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach thereof
and all waivers must be in writing. No extension of time for performance of
any obligation or act shall be deemed an extension of the time for
performance of any other obligation or act.   Section 9.5. Expenses. Each
party shall bear its own professional fees and other out-of-pocket expenses
relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except as
provided in this Agreement.   Section 9.6. Legal and Accounting Fees. In the
event any action or proceeding is instituted by a party hereto by reason of
any breach on the part of the other party arising out of this Agreement, the
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses of the
action or proceeding, including reasonable attorneys\' and accounting
fees.   32    Section 9.7. Entire Agreement. Except for the Non-
Disclosure Agreements described in Section 5.2 hereof, this Agreement
(including each Exhibit and Schedule) constitutes the entire agreement among
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous understandings with respect thereto. This
Agreement may not be amended or modified except by written instrument signed
by the parties hereto.   Section 9.8. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Minnesota, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Each party
hereto, for itself and its successors and assigns, irrevocably agrees that
any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be
instituted only in the federal courts located in Hennepin County, Minnesota,
and generally and unconditionally accepts and irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and irrevocably agrees to be
bound by any final judgment rendered thereby from which no appeal has been
taken or is available in connection with this Agreement. Each party, for
itself and its successors and assigns, irrevocably waives any objection it
may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such legal
proceeding, including, without limitation, any objection based on the grounds
of forum non conveniens, in the aforesaid courts.   Section 9.9.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.       [SIGNATURE PAGE
FOLLOWS]   -33-       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer, Sub, the Company, the
Controlling Shareholders and the Shareholders\' Representative have caused
this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.   JOHN H.
HARLAND COMPANY    By: 
------------------------------------------------------  John C. Walters,
Senior Vice President   JUSTICE ACQUISITION CORPORATION    By: 
------------------------------------------------------  John C. Walters, Vice
President   LIBERTY ENTERPRISES, INC.    By: 
------------------------------------------------------  Stanley C. Hollen,
Chief Executive Officer    CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS:   David L. Copham
Florida Intangible Tax Trust u/a/d  12/9/03    By: 
------------------------------------------------------  Cheryl K. Copham,
Trustee   Cheryl K. Copham Revocable Trust u/a/d 10/12/99,  as
amended    By:  ------------------------------------------------------ 
David L. Copham, as Co-Trustee    By: 
------------------------------------------------------  Cheryl K. Copham, as
Co-Trustee   Cheryl K. Copham Grantor Retained Annuity Trust  u/a/d
4/19/04    By:  ------------------------------------------------------ 
Cheryl K. Copham, Trustee    David L. Copham Family Trust u/a/d
5/31/95    By:  ------------------------------------------------------ 
Ken Kinsley, Trustee   Kristen M. Copham Revocable Trust u/a/d
10/29/03    By:  ------------------------------------------------------ 
Kristen M. Copham, Trustee    ----------------------------------------- 
John D. Copham    SHAREHOLDERS\' REPRESENTATIVE     By: 
------------------------------------------------------  David L.
Copham    '

