 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   ASSET PURCHASE
AGREEMENT    THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), is made as of
December 4, 2001, is by and among:   Henredon Furniture Industries, Inc.
("Henredon"), Drexel Heritage  Furnishings Inc. ("Drexel Heritage"),
Maitland-Smith, Inc.  ("Maitland-Smith") and Maitland-Smith Pacific, Ltd.
("Pacific") (Henredon,  Drexel Heritage, Maitland-Smith and Pacific are
collectively referred to as  the "Selling Companies") and LifeStyle
Furnishings International Ltd.  ("LifeStyle") (the Selling Companies and
LifeStyle are collectively  referred to as "Sellers"),  and  HDM Furniture
Industries, Inc. ("Buyer") and Furniture Brands  International, Inc.
("Furniture Brands International") (Buyer and Furniture  Brands International
are collectively referred to as "Buyers"),   WHEREAS, Buyers desire to
purchase and assume from Sellers and Sellers desire to sell and assign to
Buyers, the Acquired Assets and Assumed Liabilities (as defined in this
Agreement), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement;   NOW THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, the parties to
this Agreement agree as follows:   ARTICLE 1  ---------  Purchase and
Sale; Closing  --------------------------   Section 1.1. Acquired Assets.
As used in this Agreement, "Acquired Assets" shall mean all of the assets,
properties, rights, contracts, names, claims, shares of stock of the
Subsidiaries (as defined herein), operations and businesses of the Selling
Companies of every kind and description, wherever located, whether tangible
or intangible, real, personal or mixed, including, without limitation, the
assets described in the following paragraphs (a) through (m) but excluding
the Excluded Assets (as defined in paragraph (n)):   (a) Real Estate. Title
in fee simple to the real property owned by the Selling Companies, and
described in Schedule 2.6(a)(i), together with all improvements,
appurtenances, and structures thereon;   (b) Real Property Leases. All
interests of the Selling Companies in all real property Leases including,
without limitation, the Leases listed in Schedule 2.6(a)(ii), together with
all prepaid rent, security deposits and options to renew or purchase
thereunder, and subject only to the respective limitations and obligations
set forth in the Leases;   (c) Personal Property. Title to, or the leasehold
interests of the Selling Companies in, all of the Selling Companies\'
personal property, machinery, equipment, furniture, fixtures, trucks and
automobiles, including without limitation those listed or referenced in
Schedule 2.7;   (d) Inventories. Title to all of the Selling Companies\'
inventories, materials and supplies, including all raw materials, work-in-
process and finished goods;   (e) Receivables. All of the Selling
Companies\' notes receivable (whether short-term or long-term) and accounts
receivable, including accounts receivable sold to LFI Receivables Corporation
(the "Receivables Corp."), as described below, arising from the Selling
Companies\' business or operations, together with any rights to receive
unpaid interest accrued thereon and the Selling Companies\' rights with
respect to any non-cash security or collateral therefor. The assets shown on
the September Balance Sheet (as defined in Section 2.2) include
certain accounts receivable sold by Sellers to Receivables Corp. as part of
a receivables securitization facility administered by Wachovia Bank, N.A.
(the "Receivables Facility"). The receivables sold through the Receivables
Facility ("Securitized Receivables") are maintained, serviced and collected
by the Selling Companies as "Servicers" under the Receivables Facility. The
Selling Companies, in their capacity as Servicers under the Receivables
Facility, shall convey, transfer and assign or shall cause Receivables Corp.
to convey, transfer and assign all Securitized Receivables of the Selling
Companies to Buyers as part of this transaction;   (f) Warranties. All
rights of the Selling Companies under or pursuant to all warranties,
representations and guarantees made by suppliers, manufacturers and
contractors in connection with or affecting the Acquired Assets;   (g)
Intellectual Property - Trademarks. All rights and interests of the Selling
Companies in any trademarks, trade names, brand names, copyrights, service
marks, trademark licenses, logos and slogans, owned by the Selling Companies,
or owned by an affiliate of the Selling Companies and used primarily in the
business operations of the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries as of the
Closing Date, and any variations of such names, together with
any registrations or registration applications for any of the foregoing,
including without limitation those listed in Schedules 2.11(a) and (b);  
(h) Intellectual Property - Patents. All rights and interests of the Selling
Companies in any domestic and foreign patents, patent
registrations, applications (including all reissues, divisions,
continuations, continuations in part and extensions of any patent or
application), patent disclosures, trade dress and documented conceptions of
inventions, whether or not patentable, owned by the Selling Companies, or
owned by an affiliate of the Selling Companies and used primarily in the
business operations of the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries as of the
Closing Date, including without limitation those listed in Schedule
2.11(a)and (b);   (i) Assumed Contracts. All right, title and interest of
the Selling Companies in and to all oral or written purchase orders,
invoices, distributor and vendor agreements, sales representative agreements,
leases, licenses, contracts and agreements and other oral or written
commitments of the Selling Companies relating to the Acquired Assets, such
contracts, purchase orders, invoices, distributor and vendor agreements,
sales representative agreements, leases, licenses, contracts and agreements
or commitments, or relevant parts thereof, that are in the name of LifeStyle,
are assignable and are used primarily in the business of the Selling
Companies and Subsidiaries, including without limitation the Lillian August
License and all Material Contracts set forth on Schedule 2.16 (the "Assumed
Contracts"), but excluding any agreements, contracts or other commitments
relating to Excluded Assets or as otherwise excluded hereunder. With respect
to such Assumed Contracts, or relevant parts thereof, that are in the name of
LifeStyle and cannot be assigned, LifeStyle shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to arrange for the benefits thereof to be provided to Buyers.   (j)
Books and Records. All of the Selling Companies\' business books and records,
files and papers, including, but not limited to, drawings, building plans,
engineering information, computer programs (including computer
modeling programs), manuals and data, sales and advertising materials,
sales, distribution and purchase correspondence, trade association
memberships, research and development records, lists of present and former
customers, distributors and suppliers, and personnel, employment and other
records relating to their businesses and operations (whether possessed by
Sellers or Selling Companies); except, however, the Selling Companies\' stock
transfer and minute books, charters, bylaws, bank records, tax returns and
similar corporate records, and any such records relating primarily to assets
or Liabilities retained by the Selling Companies, including records relating
to the Selling Companies Employee Benefit Plans, Excluded Liabilities and
Taxes;   (k) Permits and Licenses. All of the Selling Companies\' permits,
licenses, product registrations, filings, authorizations, approvals or
indicia of authority (and any pending applications for any of the foregoing)
(i) to conduct their businesses and operations and/or to own, construct,
operate and maintain any fixture, facility, equipment, vehicle, machinery or
installation, and/or (ii) to store, transport, dispose of, market or sell any
goods or any substance used, handled, produced, disposed of, marketed or sold
in their businesses or operations, as issued by any governmental agency,
authority or other instrumentality of the United States or any state or
political subdivision thereof, or any foreign country, including those listed
in Schedule 2.12(a), in each case to the extent assignable and without cost
or expense to the Selling Companies; and   (l) Subsidiaries. All of the
capital stock in Henredon Transportation Co., D-H Retail Space, Inc., and
Maitland-Smith Asia Holdings, Inc., and the two outstanding shares of
Decorative Hardware Solutions, Ltd. owned by Pacific;   (m) Balance Sheet
Assets. The Selling Companies interests in all other assets reflected on the
Closing Balance Sheet unless otherwise specifically excluded as set forth in
this Agreement, or the Schedules to this Agreement, or included within the
definition of Excluded Assets.   (n) Excluded Assets. The Acquired Assets
shall not include any of the following ("Excluded Assets"):   (i) any
assets associated with the Selling Companies\' manufacturing,  support or
warehouse facilities which were closed or which were  in the process of
closing as of September 30, 2001 as reflected  on Schedule 1.1(n);   (ii)
all of the Selling Companies\' cash and cash equivalents,  including time
deposits, certificates of deposit, marketable  securities and short-term
investment;   (iii)any intercompany receivables or payables and loans
existing  between LifeStyle or any of its affiliates on the one hand, and 
the Selling Companies on the other hand;   (iv) any assets used primarily in
the LifeStyle Leather Products  operation of Drexel Heritage; or   (v) the
assets set forth as Excluded Assets on Schedule 1.1(n).   Section 1.2.
Assumed Liabilities. (a) As used in this Agreement, the term "Liability"
shall mean any and all debts, losses, liabilities, claims,
damages, obligations, payments, costs and expenses, including, without
limitation, those arising out of any demand, assessment, settlement, judgment
or compromise relating to any actual or threatened action, suit, arbitration,
inquiry, proceeding or investigation by or before any court, governmental or
other regulatory or administrative agency or commission ("Action"), and any
attorneys\' fees and any and all expenses whatsoever incurred in
investigating, preparing or defending any Action.   (b) As used in this
Agreement, the term "Assumed Liability" shall mean any Liability which arises
out of or in connection with or relating to any of the businesses, assets,
operations or activities of the Selling Companies (including any predecessor,
but only to the extent such was carrying on the past or present business
activities of the Selling Companies) or which relates to the Acquired Assets,
including without limitation:   (i) All Liabilities arising under or related
to the Assumed  Contracts;   (ii) All Liabilities for replacement, returns
and allowances in the  ordinary course of business for products manufactured
and  services provided by the Selling Companies before or after the  Closing
(specifically excluding any liability that would be a  Pre-Closing Claim
under Section 4.14(b));   (iii)All Liabilities of the Selling Companies
reflected on the  Closing Balance Sheet;   (iv) All Liabilities arising on
or after the Closing Date with respect  to any of the Acquired Assets other
than Liabilities that result  from a breach of a representation, warranty or
covenant of this  Agreement by Sellers;   (v) All Liabilities relating to
the employment of any employees of  the Selling Companies by Buyers on or
after the Hire Date as  defined in Section 5.2 or the termination of such
employment by  Buyers;   (vi) All Liabilities of the Selling Companies
incurred in the ordinary  course of business consistent with past practice
that are not  required by generally accepted accounting principles to be 
reflected in the financial statements of the Selling Companies,  other than
Liabilities resulting from tort, breach of contract or  violation of laws;
and   (vii)All Liabilities set forth as Assumed Liabilities on Schedule 
1.2(b)(vii).  provided, however, that Assumed Liabilities shall not include
any liability arising out of or in connection with or relating to the
Acquired Assets or the business and operations of the Selling Companies
("Excluded Liabilities") to the extent that it:   (1) is a Pre-Closing
Claim (as defined in this Agreement), including  deductibles;   (2) arises
out of any business, asset, operation, activity or  Subsidiary that has been
or is being transferred from the Selling  Companies to LifeStyle, one of its
affiliates or a third party  prior to, on or after the Closing Date and
therefore is not  included in the Acquired Assets;   (3) except as
otherwise provided in Section 5.1(a), arises out of any  of the Selling
Companies Employee Benefit Plans (as defined in  this Agreement);   (4) is
a Liability associated with the Selling Companies\'  manufacturing, support
or warehouse facilities which were closed  or which were in the process of
closing as of September 30, 2001,  and are Excluded Assets hereunder;   (5)
is an intercompany receivable or payable or loan existing between  LifeStyle
or any of its affiliates on the one hand, and the  Selling Companies or
Subsidiaries on the other hand;   (6) represents short- or long-term debt of
the Selling Companies,  other than capital leases included in the Acquired
Assets; or   (7) is otherwise expressly retained or assumed by Sellers as
set  forth on Schedule 1.2(b)(7).   Section 1.3. Purchase and Sale. (a) On
the basis of and in reliance upon the representations, warranties,
obligations and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Closing set forth in this
Agreement, at the Closing, the Selling Companies shall sell, assign,
transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase, acquire and
accept from the Selling Companies the Acquired Assets, free and clear of all
liens, charges, restrictions and encumbrances except those set forth in this
Agreement or in the relevant Schedules to this Agreement.   (b) Subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in further
consideration of the transfer of the Acquired Assets as contemplated hereby,
at the Closing, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Buyers agree
to assume, pay, perform and discharge (or cause to be paid, performed
and discharged) in due course, the Assumed Liabilities.   Section 1.4.
Purchase Price. (a) At the Closing, Buyer will pay to the Selling Companies
$275 million (the "Purchase Price"), consisting of $175 million in cash,
payable in immediately available funds, and $100 million in shares (the
"Shares") of Furniture Brands International common stock ("Common Stock"),
all delivered to the account specified by the Selling
Companies simultaneously with the delivery by the Selling Companies to Buyer
of all of the Selling Companies\' right, title and interest in and to all of
the Acquired Assets and the assumption by Buyer of all of the Assumed
Liabilities. The number of shares of Common Stock constituting the Shares
will be determined on the basis of the average of the daily average high and
low price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the ten
trading day period ending on the second trading day immediately preceding the
Closing Date, rounded up to the next highest whole share (the "Average
Price"), provided, however, that (i) in no event shall the number of Shares
be greater than five million shares nor less than four million shares and
(ii) in the event the number of Shares that otherwise would be issued to
Sellers pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.4(a), when
added to any other voting securities of Furniture Brands International then
owned by Sellers, would represent more than10% of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of Furniture Brands International at the time of issuance,
then Sellers instead shall receive that number of Shares which would result
in Sellers\' ownership of 10% of the issued and outstanding voting securities
of Furniture Brands International at the time of issuance, together with
additional cash in lieu of the shares to which Sellers otherwise would have
been entitled (determined on the basis of the Average Price). The parties
acknowledge that this limitation on the number of Shares to be issued
to Sellers reflects the parties\' intention that Sellers acquire the Shares
solely for the purpose of investment as contemplated by 16 C.F.R.
ss.802.9.   (b) Within 35 days after the Closing Date, Sellers will prepare
and deliver to Buyers a consolidated pro forma balance sheet (the "Closing
Balance Sheet") for the Selling Companies as of the close of business on the
Closing Date (determined on a pro forma basis as though the parties had not
consummated the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, but excluding
all Excluded Assets and Excluded Liabilities). The Closing Balance Sheet will
be reviewed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PWC") whose report will be
appended thereto. The Closing Balance Sheet will be prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a
basis consistent with the preparation of the September Balance Sheet and
using the policies, procedures and practices utilized in preparing the
September Balance Sheet. In the event the parties agree to any changes to
Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities from the Excluded Assets and Excluded
Liabilities that were taken into account in preparing the September Balance
Sheet, such changes shall be reflected in the Closing Balance Sheet and the
September Balance Sheet shall be adjusted in the same way.  
Representatives from both Buyers and Sellers shall be entitled to participate
in the taking of the physical inventories conducted with respect to the
Acquired Assets. Each party will pay the fees and expenses of its
own professionals for the physical inventory.   (c) On or prior to the date
20 days after delivery to Buyers of the Closing Balance Sheet, Sellers and
Buyers shall mutually agree upon the shareholder\'s equity of the Selling
Companies reflected on the Closing Balance Sheet (the "Adjusted Closing Net
Worth"). In the event that Sellers and Buyers are unable to agree on the
Adjusted Closing Net Worth within such 20 day period, Sellers and Buyers
shall submit the dispute to Arthur Andersen and Co. (the "Arbiter")
for resolution. Promptly, but no later than 20 days after its acceptance of
its appointment as Arbiter, the Arbiter shall determine, based solely
on presentations by Sellers and Buyers, and not by independent review, only
those issues in dispute and shall render a report as to the dispute and the
resulting computation of the Adjusted Closing Net Worth which shall be
conclusive and binding upon the parties. The fees, costs and expenses of the
Arbiter shall be borne by each party in proportion that the aggregate dollar
amount of such disputed items so submitted that are unsuccessfully disputed
by such party bears to the aggregate dollar amount of the items submitted to
the Arbiter.   (d) To the extent the Adjusted Closing Net Worth of the
Selling Companies is less than $215,291,811, Sellers shall pay any such
deficiency to Buyers, as an adjustment to the Purchase Price, by wire
transfer of immediately available funds within two business days of the
determination of the Adjusted Closing Net Worth. To the extent the Adjusted
Closing Net Worth is equal to or greater than $215,291,811, no adjustment to
the Purchase Price will be made. Subject to the provisions of Article 6, this
Section 1.4 is Buyer\'s sole remedy with respect to issues that are or could
have been disputed under Section 1.4(c). Buyers shall have no right to assert
any claim with respect to such issues other than in accordance with this
Section 1.4.   (e) Sellers will make the books, records and personnel of the
Selling Companies (and Sellers\' books, records and personnel relating to the
Acquired Assets to the extent such information is not available from the
Selling Companies) available to Buyers and their accountants and other
representatives, and Buyers will make their books and records with respect to
the Acquired Assets and the Subsidiaries, and personnel available to Sellers
and their accountants and other representatives, at reasonable times and upon
reasonable notice at any time during (i) the preparation by Sellers of the
Closing Balance Sheet and (ii) the review by Buyers of the Closing Balance
Sheet.   (f) Prior to Closing, Buyers shall submit a proposed allocation of
the Purchase Price for approval by Sellers prior to Closing, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld. The parties\' agreed allocation of the
Purchase Price shall then be attached hereto as Schedule 1.4(f). If the
parties cannot agree on an allocation of the Purchase Price, their dispute
shall be resolved by the Arbiter, whose fees, costs and expenses for such
resolution shall be shared one-half by Sellers and one-half by Buyers.  
Section 1.5. Time and Place of Closing. The Closing Ceremony (the "Closing")
shall take place beginning December 27, 2001, or as soon thereafter as
practicable after all conditions to Closing hereunder have been satisfied,
at 10:00, a.m., Eastern Time, at the offices of LifeStyle
Furnishings International, 4000 LifeStyle Court, High Point, North Carolina,
or such other place as the parties may agree and shall be as of the close of
business on the effective date of December 28, 2001, or as soon thereafter as
practicable after all conditions to Closing hereunder have been satisfied
(the "Closing Date"). The pre-Closing, if any, will be held at the same
place.   Section 1.6. Closing Costs and Prorations.   (a) At Closing,
Buyers shall pay all document recording fees pertaining to the transfer of
the Acquired Assets. Buyers shall also be responsible for any sales, use,
transfer or similar taxes assessed as a result of the purchase of the
Acquired Assets and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities. Sellers
shall be responsible and pay all document recording fees and any sales, use,
transfer or similar fees for the release of all liens and encumbrances in
order to transfer good and marketable title to the Acquired Assets.   (b)
At Closing, all documentary or revenue taxes or stamps required in connection
with the recordation of deeds or other documents of transfer required to
transfer the Acquired Assets shall be equally split between the
parties. Sellers shall pay any taxes, fees and expenses in connection with
the prepayment, release, satisfaction or removal of any Liens affecting the
Acquired Assets (other than Permitted Liens).   (c) All contract and lease
payments, utilities, service fees and taxes to the extent related to income
or receipts not reflected on the Closing Balance Sheet will be prorated
through the Closing Date, to the extent the underlying services, instruments
or agreements are transferred to Buyer or Buyer is provided with the benefits
thereof following the Closing Date.       ARTICLE 2  ---------  
Representations and Warranties of Sellers 
-----------------------------------------   Sellers jointly and severally
represent and warrant to Buyers as follows:   Section 2.1. Incorporation;
Authorization; No Conflict; etc. (a) Schedule 2.1(a) lists all subsidiaries
of the Selling Companies and all lower tier subsidiaries of those
subsidiaries (together, the "Subsidiaries"). Each Selling Company and each
Subsidiary (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization as set forth
in Schedule 2.1(a); (ii) has all requisite corporate power and authority to
own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its
businesses as they are now being conducted, and (iii) is in good standing and
is duly qualified or licensed to transact business in each jurisdiction set
forth in Schedule 2.1(a), which are the only jurisdictions in which the
character of the properties owned or leased by it or the nature of
the business conducted therein requires it to be so qualified or licensed,
except where the failure to be so existing and in good standing or to have
such power and authority would not in the aggregate have a material adverse
effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of the
Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole (a "Material Adverse
Effect"). Each Subsidiary noted in Schedule 2.1(a) is 100% beneficially owned
by the respective parent corporation noted on said Schedule. The capital
structure of each Subsidiary is accurately portrayed in Schedule 2.1(a).  
(b) Each of the Sellers has full corporate power to execute and deliver this
Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Sellers, the performance of the obligations of Sellers hereunder
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly
and validly authorized by all necessary corporate proceedings on the part of
each of the Sellers and its respective Board of Directors and the adoption of
this Agreement has been duly approved by LifeStyle as the sole stockholder of
the Selling Companies. No other corporate action on the part of either the
Selling Companies or LifeStyle or the stockholders of LifeStyle is necessary
to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.   (c) The execution and delivery by Sellers of this Agreement does
not, and the performance by Sellers of their obligations under this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not:  
(i) conflict with or result in a violation of any of the terms,  conditions
or provisions of the certificate of incorporation or  by-laws (or other
comparable corporate charter documents) of  Sellers or the Subsidiaries;  
(ii) subject to obtaining the consents and approvals disclosed on  Schedule
2.1(c), violate any provision of, or be an event that is  (or with the
passage of time will result in) a default under (or  give rise to any right
of termination, cancellation or  acceleration of) any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of  any material note, bond, lease, mortgage,
indenture, license,  agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the
Selling  Companies or the Subsidiaries are a party, or by which the  Selling
Companies, the Subsidiaries or any of the Acquired Assets  may be bound;
or   (iii)subject to obtaining the consents and approvals disclosed on 
Schedule 2.1(c), result in the creation or imposition of any  lien, security
interest or other encumbrance upon the Acquired  Assets or the assets of any
Subsidiary under any contract,  agreement (whether written or oral), lease,
deed, mortgage,  indenture, evidence of indebtedness, security agreement or
other  instrument, or any license, permit, certificate of authority, 
authorization, approval, registration or franchise to which  Sellers or
Subsidiaries are a party or by which any of the  Acquired Assets is
bound.   (d) This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered
by each of Sellers and, assuming the due execution hereof by Buyers, this
Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Sellers,
enforceable against each of them in accordance with their terms, except to
the extent that such validity, binding effect and enforceability may be
subject to or limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
arrangement, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws now or
hereafter in effect relating to or affecting the rights of creditors
generally, and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).   (e)
Except for the filing of a Notification and Report Form pursuant to the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended and
the regulations promulgated thereunder (the "HSR Act"), the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder
(the "Exchange Act"), the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Securities Act"), the Delaware
General Corporation Law and foreign and state securities or blue sky laws,
and except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(e), no consent, license, permit,
order, approval or action of, filing with or notice to any federal, state,
local or foreign governmental, judicial or regulatory authority on the part
of Sellers is required in connection with the execution, delivery and
performance by the Sellers of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby except (i) for those that become applicable
solely as a result of the specific regulatory status of Buyers or any of
their affiliates, or (ii) where the failure to make, file, give or obtain
would not in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect or prevent the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   (f) Upon
consummation of the sale and purchase of the Acquired Assets and assignment
and assumption of the Assumed Liabilities at the Closing, as contemplated by
this Agreement, the Selling Companies will deliver to Buyer good title to the
Acquired Assets free and clear of any liens, claims, charges, security
interests, options or other legal or equitable encumbrances, other
than Permitted Liens.   Section 2.2. Financial Statements. (a) Attached as
Schedule 2.2(a) are true and complete copies of the following:   (i) the
unaudited combined pro forma balance sheet of the Selling  Companies and
their Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2001 (the  "September Balance Sheet"),
prepared in accordance with United  States generally accepted accounting
principles consistently  applied except as set forth in the notes thereto,
but excluding  all Excluded Assets and Excluded Liabilities, and   (ii) the
unaudited combined statement of earnings of the Selling  Companies and their
Subsidiaries for the nine month period ended  September 30, 2001,   ((i)
and (ii) above, collectively, the "Financial Statements").   (b) Except as
set forth in the notes thereto, the Financial Statements fairly present in
all material respects, the pro forma results of operations and financial
position of the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries for the periods and as of
the dates set forth therein, in each case in accordance with United
States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied except
as specified therein or herein.   Section 2.3. Accounts Receivable. Except
as set forth on Schedule 2.3, the accounts receivable of the Selling
Companies and Subsidiaries reflected on the September Balance Sheet, and all
accounts receivable arising subsequent to September 30, 2001, (i) arose from
bona fide sales transactions in the ordinary course of business and are
payable on the Selling Companies\' and Subsidiaries customary or agreed upon
trade terms, (ii) to the knowledge of Sellers, are legal, valid and binding
obligations not subject to any valid set-off or counterclaim, other than
discounts, returns and allowances in the ordinary course of business, (iii)
do not represent obligations for goods sold on consignment, on approval or on
a sale-or-return basis, and (iv) are not the subject of any Actions brought
by or on behalf of the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries. The accounts
receivable on the September Balance Sheet also include the Securitized
Receivables. Schedule 2.3 sets forth a description of any security
arrangements and collateral securing the repayment or other satisfaction of
receivables of the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries. The Selling Companies
and Subsidiaries have taken all steps necessary to maintain for the Selling
Companies and Subsidiaries a perfected security interest in the related
collateral. The notes receivable of the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries
reflected on the September Balance Sheet and the notes receivable arising
subsequent to September 30, 2001 are listed on Schedule 2.3.   Section 2.4.
Inventories. All inventory of the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries
reflected on the September Balance Sheet ("Inventory") and all such inventory
acquired since September 30, 2001 is of a quality usable and salable in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, subject
to historical allowances for spoilage, damage and outdated items. The
Inventory is valued in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles consistently applied except as set forth in the notes
to the September Balance Sheet. Except as disclosed in the September Balance
Sheet or in the notes thereto, all Inventory is the property of the Selling
Companies and the Subsidiaries, free and clear of any lien, security interest
or other encumbrance, other than Permitted Liens (as defined below); is not
held by the Selling Companies or Subsidiaries on consignment from others; and
conforms in all material respects to all standards applicable to the
Inventory or its use or sale imposed by governmental or regulatory
authorities.   Section 2.5. Assets. The Selling Companies have and will have
at the Closing Date good title to all of the Acquired Assets, except assets
held under capital and financing lease agreements. Such assets are and shall
be at the Closing Date free and clear of any lien, charge or encumbrance,
except for Permitted Liens. The Subsidiaries have and will have at the
Closing Date good title, free and clear of all liens, charges and
encumbrances except for Permitted Liens, to all of the assets reflected upon
each Subsidiaries respective September Balance Sheet.   Section 2.6. Real
Properties. (a) Schedule 2.6(a)(i) contains a list setting forth every piece
of real property owned by the Selling Companies (except properties described
as Excluded Assets in Schedule 1.1(n)) and every piece of real property owned
by the Subsidiaries. Schedule 2.6(a)(i) contains the address, usage,
approximate square footage and approximate acreage of each property. Schedule
2.6(a)(ii) contains a list setting forth each piece of real property leased
by the Selling Companies (except properties described as Excluded Assets in
Schedule 1.1(n)) and every piece of real property leased by Subsidiaries.
Schedule 2.6(a)(ii) includes the address, approximate square footage and
usage of each property. Schedules 2.6(a)(i) and 2.6(a)(ii) include, without
limitation, each piece of real property capitalized on or included
or reflected in the September Balance Sheet and each piece of real
property acquired by the Selling Companies or Subsidiaries since the date of
the September Balance Sheet that would, had it been acquired prior to such
date, be capitalized on or included in the September Balance Sheet. Except as
otherwise set forth in Schedules 2.6(a)(i) and 2.6(a)(ii) , the Selling
Companies and Subsidiaries have or will have as of the Closing Date good and
marketable fee simple title to, or hold by valid and existing lease or
license, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, charges, options,
easements, security interests or other encumbrances (collectively, "Liens"),
each piece of real property listed in Schedules 2.6(a)(i) and 2.6(a)(ii),
except in any of the foregoing cases for Permitted Liens (as defined in this
Agreement). As used in this Agreement, the term "Permitted Liens" means such
Liens as (i) are set forth in Schedule 2.6(a)(iii), (ii) are expressly
reflected and adequately reserved against in the September Balance Sheet,
(iii) arise out of taxes or general or special assessments not in default and
payable without penalty or interest or the validity of which is being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings (sufficient to avoid any
foreclosure, forfeiture or penalties) and which have been adequately reserved
against in the September Balance Sheet in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, (iv) are
granted in favor of any governmental entity or utility company for the
current charges of customary provision of utilities and services to the
property or any improvements thereon, (v) represent easements or other facts
of record or are visible on an inspection of the Real Properties, if any,
which do not materially impair the operations of the Selling Companies\'
or Subsidiaries\' businesses as they have been operated in the past, (vi)
are otherwise expressly disclosed in this Agreement or the Schedules to
this Agreement, or (vii) were incurred in connection with a secured credit
agreement, provided that all mortgages, pledges, liens, encumbrances or
security interests incurred in connection with the secured credit agreement
shall be released at or immediately following the Closing.   (b) Sellers
will provide to Buyers copies of all currently effective title policies (or
if no policy the latest title report or opinion) with respect to each parcel
of property listed in Schedule 2.6(a)(i). Any such title insurance policies
with respect to property of Subsidiaries, which will be furnished to Buyers,
are in full force and effect. Sellers have made available to Buyers true and
complete copies of all of the Selling Companies\' and Subsidiaries\'
leases for the properties listed on Schedule 2.6(a)(ii) (including all
amendments and modifications thereto) (the "Leases"). Except as listed on
Schedule 2.6(a)(ii), each Lease under which the Selling Companies and
Subsidiaries are a lessee or lessor is valid, binding and enforceable against
the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries in accordance with its terms.
Except as listed on Schedule 2.6(a)(ii), there have been no written or oral
supplements, amendments, riders, alterations or modifications in or to such
Leases. Except as listed on Schedule 2.6(a)(ii), the Selling Companies or
Subsidiaries are in possession and occupancy under each of their respective
Leases, and their peaceful and quiet enjoyment thereunder has not been
disturbed. Except as listed on Schedule 2.6(a)(ii), all of the Leases permit
the properties to which they apply to be used in the manner in which the
Selling Companies and Subsidiaries are presently using them, and the Selling
Companies and Subsidiaries are not in default under any such Lease. Except as
listed on Schedule 2.6(a)(ii), the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries have
paid or accrued all rent due to date under the Leases. Except as listed on
Schedule 2.6(a)(ii) and subject to obtaining consents and approvals disclosed
on Schedule 2.1(c), the sale of the Acquired Assets to and the assumption of
Assumed Liabilities by Buyer, or the transfer of the Subsidiaries\' Shares of
stock to Buyer, all as contemplated by this Agreement, will not constitute a
default under any of the Leases. To the knowledge of Sellers, there is no
reason why the consent of the landlords to the assignment of lease or sale of
stock, if required under the respective Leases, cannot be obtained by or
promptly following Closing.   (c) Except as listed on Schedule 2.6(a)(ii),
there are no pending, or to the knowledge of Sellers threatened, condemnation
or eminent domain proceedings, special assessments or changes in assessed
valuation, other than routine changes to assessed valuations and tax rates in
the ordinary course of business. The condition of the improvements on the
real property identified in Schedules 2.6(a)(i) and 2.6(a)(ii) has been
adequate and suitable for the purpose presently used by Sellers. The Spruce
Pine facility of Henredon has adequate ingress and egress to the nearest
public roads and has self-contained steam, heating, ventilation and sprinkler
systems as necessary to operate the properties.   Section 2.7. Personalty.
All of the owned personal property used in the businesses or reflected upon
the Balance Sheets of the Subsidiaries is owned by the Selling Companies and
Subsidiaries, respectively, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens,
encumbrances or security interests other than Permitted Liens. The Selling
Companies have good title to all personal property included in the Acquired
Assets. All leases of personalty included in the Acquired Assets are set
forth in Schedule 2.7, and, except as listed on Schedule 2.7, will be at
Closing in good standing with all rentals due to date paid or accrued.
Section 2.8. Environmental Matters. The Selling Companies and Subsidiaries
have obtained all material licenses, permits, authorizations, approvals and
consents which are required in respect of the Acquired Assets and the
Subsidiaries\' property, business and operations under
applicable Environmental Laws (as defined in this Agreement) except as listed
on Schedule 2.8. Except as listed on Schedule 2.8, the Acquired Assets are in
compliance with the terms and conditions of all such licenses and with any
applicable Environmental Law. Except as listed on Schedule 2.8:   (a) No
order, writ, injunction, decree or judgment has been issued, no complaint has
been filed, no penalty has been assessed and, to the Sellers\' knowledge, no
investigation or review is pending or threatened by any governmental or
regulatory authority with respect to any alleged failure by the Selling
Companies or Subsidiaries to comply with any Environmental Laws or have any
license, permit, authorization, approval or consent required in
connection with the Acquired Assets or the business, operations or assets of
Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of the Selling Companies, there are no
facts or circumstances which could reasonably be expected to form the basis
for any such order, writ, injunction, decree, judgment, complaint, penalty or
investigation;   (b) Neither the Selling Companies, the Subsidiaries, nor to
the knowledge of Sellers, any prior owner or lessee of any real property that
is included in the Acquired Assets or owned or leased by the Subsidiaries,
have handled any Hazardous Material, other than as a generator in the
ordinary course of business, on any such property; in addition, to the
Sellers\' knowledge: (i) no polychlorinated biphenyl is or has been present,
(ii) no asbestos is or has been present, (iii) there are no underground
storage tanks, active or abandoned, and (iv) no Hazardous Material has been
Released in violation of any Environmental Law, at, on or under any such
property;   (c) No written notification of a Release in violation of
Environmental Laws of a Hazardous Material has been filed by or on behalf of
the Selling Companies or Subsidiaries with respect to any property that is
included in the Acquired Assets or owned or leased by the Subsidiaries and,
to the knowledge of Sellers, none of such properties are listed on the
National Priorities List promulgated pursuant to CERCLA or on any similar
state or governmental list of sites requiring investigation or clean-up, or
requiring any Remedial Action;   (d) To the knowledge of Sellers, there are
no liens, encumbrances or other security interests other than Permitted Liens
arising under or pursuant to any Environmental Law on any real property that
is included in the Acquired Assets or owned or leased by the Subsidiaries,
and no action of any governmental or regulatory authority has been taken or
is in process which could subject any of such properties to such liens,
encumbrances or other security interests, and the Selling Companies and
Subsidiaries are not under any current order to place any notice or
restriction relating to the presence of Hazardous Material at any
such property in any deed to such property; and   (e) There have been no
material environmental investigations, studies, audits, tests, reviews or
other analyses conducted by, or which are in the possession of, Sellers in
relation to any property that is included in the Acquired Assets or owned or
leased by the Subsidiaries during the past five years which have not been
made available to Buyers prior to the execution of this Agreement.   (f)
For purposes of environmental matters referred to in this Agreement, the
following definitions are used:   "Contaminant" means any pollutant,
hazardous substance, toxic substance, hazardous waste, special waste,
petroleum or petroleum-derived substance or waste, regulated under any
Environmental Law.   "Environmental Law" means the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C.ss.9601 et
seq.), the Hazardous Material Transportation Act-(49 U.S.C.ss.1801 et seq.),
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C.ss.6901 et seq.), the
Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C.ss.1251 et seq.), the Clean Air
Act (42 U.S.C.ss.7401 et seq.), and the Clean Water Act, as such laws have
been amended or supplemented, and any present federal, state or local
statute, law, rule, regulation, order, ordinance, permit, license, writ,
injunction, decree or judgment relating to protection of the environment or
to emissions, discharges, Releases or threatened Releases of pollutants,
Contaminants or Hazardous Materials in the environment (including, without
limitation, ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface or
subsurface strata), or otherwise relating to the treatment, storage,
disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, or any similar
foreign jurisdictions\' law with respect to those properties in foreign
jurisdictions.   "Environmental Liabilities" means all Liabilities whether
based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability,
criminal or civil statute, including any Environmental Law arising from the
presence, use, disposal, Release or threatened Release of a Contaminant into
the environment, or failure to obtain any Permit, by the Selling Companies or
Subsidiaries in violation of any Environmental Laws.   "Hazardous Material"
means (a) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials,
asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam
insulation, and transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid
containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), (b) any chemicals,
materials, substances or wastes which are defined as or included in the
definition of "hazardous substances," hazardous wastes," hazardous
materials," "extremely hazardous wastes," "restricted hazardous wastes,"
"toxic substances," "toxic pollutants," or words of similar import, under any
Environmental Law, and (c) any other chemical, material, substance or waste,
exposure to which is regulated under any Environmental Law.   "Permit" means
any permit, approval, authorization, license variance, or permission required
from a governmental authority under an applicable Environmental Law or
related to any Environmental Liabilities with respect to the Acquired
Assets.   "Release" means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping,
injection, deposit, disposal, storage, discharge, dispersal, leaching or
migration into the indoor or outdoor environment or into or out of any real
property included in the Acquired Assets, including the movement of
Contaminants through or in the air, soil, surface water, groundwater or
property.   "Remedial Action" means all actions required by law or order to
(1) clean up, remove, treat or in any other way address Contaminants in the
indoor or outdoor environment; (2) prevent the Release or threat of Release
or minimize the further Release of Contaminants so they do not migrate or
endanger or threaten to endanger public health or the environment in
violation of Environmental Laws; or (3) perform preremedial studies and
investigations and post-remedial monitoring and care.   Section 2.9 No
Undisclosed Liabilities. All Liabilities of the Selling Companies and
Subsidiaries contingent or otherwise, as of the date of the September Balance
Sheet, required to be shown therein in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles consistently applied except as set forth in
the notes thereto, are reflected in said Balance Sheet and any taxes then due
or payable by the Subsidiaries have been paid in full, or adequately provided
for by reserves shown on their respective records and books of
account, except as disclosed in this Agreement, in the schedules to this
Agreement, or in Schedule 2.9.   Section 2.10. Litigation; Orders. Except
as disclosed in Schedule 2.10 (other than certain workers compensation
claims, none of which is material and all of which are Pre-Closing Claims),
as of the date hereof, there is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of
Sellers, threatened, against or relating to or affecting the Selling
Companies or Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to result in the
issuance of any order, writ, injunction or judgment restraining, enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or if determined adversely to the
Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries could reasonably be expected to result
in a material adverse effect on any Selling Company or material Subsidiary.
Except as set forth in Schedule 2.10, there are no orders, writs, judgments,
decrees, injunctions stipulations or awards (whether rendered by a court or
administrative agency, or by arbitration) affecting the Acquired Assets, or
outstanding against the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries. There is no
material litigation pending or, to the knowledge of Sellers, threatened,
against the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries which is not adequately
covered by insurance.   Section 2.11. Intellectual Property.   (a)
Schedule 2.11(a) lists, as of the date hereof, all registered and material
unregistered patents and patent applications ("Patents"), trademarks (and
applications therefor), service marks (and applications therefor),
trade names, brand marks, brand names and logos (collectively, the
"Trademarks") which are owned by the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries,
and all material package designs and colorings, uniforms, trade dress,
inventions, technical know-how and all other intellectual property and
proprietary rights owned by the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries, or
owned by affiliates of the Selling Companies and used primarily in the
business of the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries (collectively referred
to in this Agreement as the "Owned Intellectual Property").   (b) Schedule
2.11(b) lists, as of the date hereof, all patents, trademarks, trade names,
brand marks, brand names and logos licensed by the Selling Companies or
Subsidiaries from third parties ("Licensed Intellectual Property") together
with the name of the licensors. The Owned Intellectual Property and
the Licensed Intellectual Property are collectively referred to in this
Agreement as "Selling Companies Intellectual Property."   (c) Schedules
2.11(a) and (b) list all material Selling Companies Intellectual Property
used in the business of Selling Company and Subsidiaries. The Selling
Companies and Subsidiaries own or possess adequate and enforceable licenses
or other rights to use all Selling Companies Intellectual Property,
and neither Sellers nor any of their affiliates shall have any interest
therein after the Closing Date. Any intellectual property of the Subsidiaries
held in the name of another of Sellers\' affiliates will be transferred to
the Subsidiary designated by Buyers prior to Closing. Except as set forth on
Schedule 2.11(c), (i) there are no actions pending or, to the knowledge of
Sellers, threatened against the Sellers or the Subsidiaries based on the use
by, or challenging the Selling Companies\' or Subsidiaries\' ownership of or
rights to, any of the Selling Companies Intellectual Property, (ii) subject
to obtaining all of the required consents and approvals contained in Schedule
2.1(c) Sellers and Subsidiaries are not, nor have they received any notice
that they are or will be with the passage of time, in default under any
license agreement included in the Acquired Assets or owned by Subsidiaries.
Except as disclosed on Schedule 2.11(c) and subject to obtaining all of the
required consents and approvals contained in Schedule 2.1(c) the Sellers have
no knowledge of any default or facts which through the lapse of time will
become a default under any license relating to the Selling Companies
Intellectual Property, and the Sellers have no knowledge that any other
person is in default or through the lapse of time will be in default under
any such license or other enforceable right and to Sellers\' knowledge the
Selling Companies and Subsidiaries are not infringing any intellectual
property rights of any other person or entity.   Section 2.12. Licenses,
Approvals, Other Authorizations, Consents, Reports, etc. Except for
environmental permits, Schedule 2.12(a) includes all material governmental
licenses, permits, franchises and other authorizations of any federal, state,
local or foreign governmental authority possessed by or granted to the
Selling Companies or Subsidiaries in respect of any of the operations, assets
or businesses of the Subsidiaries or included in the Acquired Assets
(the "Licenses"). Except as noted in Schedule 2.12(a), all Licenses are in
full force and effect. As of the date hereof, except as noted in Schedule
2.12(a), no proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of Sellers,
threatened, seeking the revocation or limitation of any License. The Selling
Companies and Subsidiaries are in material compliance in all respects with
the applicable terms, conditions and requirements of the Licenses.  
Section 2.13. Labor Matters. (a) The Selling Companies and Subsidiaries are
in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations
respecting employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of
employment, and wages and hours. The Selling Companies have complied with
the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and any similar state
or local obligations with respect to any employees that the Selling Companies
or the Subsidiaries have terminated prior to the Closing Date.   (b)
Schedule 2.13 sets forth, as of the date hereof, all agreements (including
all amendments and supplements thereto) with labor unions or associations
representing persons employed by the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries in
their businesses or operations. The Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries
have good working relationships under all of the collective bargaining, sales
representation and other similar agreements of the Selling Companies or the
Subsidiaries necessary to the normal operations of their businesses. Except
as disclosed on Schedule 2.13, the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries are
not involved in or, to the knowledge of Sellers, threatened with (i) any
labor dispute, arbitration, lawsuit or administrative proceeding relating to
labor matters involving the employees of the Selling Companies and the
Subsidiaries (excluding routine workers\' compensation claims covered
by insurance), (ii) any unfair labor practice complaint, (iii) any labor
strike, dispute, slowdown, stoppage or other concerted action, (iv) a
petition for a representation election or union attempt to organize
employees, (v) a grievance or any arbitration proceeding arising out of or
under any collective bargaining agreement or any claim therefor or (vi)
charges or complaints against the Selling Companies or Subsidiaries before
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or before any other federal,
state, local or foreign civil rights enforcement agency alleging
discrimination or any other civil rights violations on the part of the
Selling Companies or Subsidiaries.   Section 2.14. Compliance with Laws.
Except for Pre-Closing Claims or except as set forth on Schedule 2.14, the
Sellers, with respect to the Acquired Assets, and the Subsidiaries, are not,
nor have they received any notice that they are in violation of or in default
under, in any material respect, which has not been cured, any statute, law,
executive order, regulation, ordinance, rule, judgment, order or decree
(collectively, "Law") applicable to the Acquired Assets or the Subsidiaries,
including but not limited to, employment matters under the Civil Rights Laws
and Fair Labor Standards Act, pricing and wage matters under the Economic
Stabilization Act of 1970, as amended, safety standards under the Federal
Occupational Safety and Health Act, employee benefit plans under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, labeling under
the Flammable Fabrics Act, and reporting under the Consumer Product Safety
Act, or any comparable foreign laws. This representation and warranty shall
not apply to Sellers\' and Subsidiaries\' compliance with Law that are
addressed in other representations and warranties of Sellers under this
Agreement, including, without limitation, Environmental Law and Law relating
to labor, Benefit Plan, or Tax matters. Sellers\' representations and
warranties with respect to compliance with such Law are limited to those set
forth in those other representations and warranties.   Section 2.15.
Insurance. (a) As of the date hereof, the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries
are covered by valid and currently effective insurance policies covering
their businesses, operations and employees, that, in the reasonable business
judgment of Sellers, are customary for companies of similar size in
the industry in which the Selling Companies operate. Such insurance
includes, without limitation, coverage against all customarily insured risks
of loss or damage, subject to standard policy exclusions, for casualties
affecting the Acquired Assets. All such policies are in full force and
effect, all premiums due thereon have been paid and the Selling Companies
have complied in all material respects with the provisions of such policies.
In the last five years, the historical and current limits have not been
exhausted and there have been no gaps in coverage.   (b) Schedule 2.15.
sets forth each insurance policy currently maintained by the Selling
Companies or the Subsidiaries or their affiliates with respect to the
Acquired Assets and the assets of the Subsidiaries and for each policy,
the name of the insurer, Liabilities covered, coverage amounts, whether
"claims made" or "occurrence" basis and name of company carrying policy. All
insurance policies listed on Schedule 2.15 will be maintained and will not be
cancelled prior to the Closing.   Section 2.16. Material Contracts. (a)
Schedule 2.16 sets forth a list of all Assumed Contracts falling into the
categories defined below and a list of all material contracts of Subsidiaries
("Material Contracts"):   (i) any employment, personal service, deferred
compensation,  consulting, severance or any other similar agreement or 
arrangement relating to present or future compensation or other  benefits or
any agreement obligating the Selling Companies or the  Subsidiaries to pay
any severance or other payments or benefits  upon termination of any employee
of or consultant to the Selling  Companies or the Subsidiaries or upon any
change in control of  the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries in each case
involving  an amount in excess of $100,000;   (ii) any promotional or
endorsement contracts or agreements relating  to the promotion of products
manufactured or sold by the Selling  Companies or the Subsidiaries;  
(iii)any franchise, distributor or manufacturer\'s representative  contract,
which is not terminable on six months (or less), notice  without penalty and
which involves payment of amounts in excess  of $100,000 over the next twelve
(12) month period;   (iv) any joint venture or similar contract or agreement
that would be  assumed by Buyer or continued by Subsidiaries;   (v) any
contract that is material to the Selling Companies or the  Subsidiaries which
is terminable by the other party thereto upon  a merger or change of control
of the Selling Companies or the  Subsidiaries or a sale of their assets;  
(vi) any contract for the purchase or sale of merchandise, materials, 
products or supplies except those made in the ordinary course of  business;
or   (vii)any other contract, agreement or arrangement involving an 
estimated total future payment or payments in excess of $100,000  and not
terminable upon two months (or less) notice, without  penalty.   (b) Prior
to the execution of this Agreement, Sellers have made available to Buyers
true and correct copies of all Material Contracts. As of the date hereof,
there is no existing breach or default, or to the Sellers\' knowledge, any
event that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both,
would constitute such a breach or default, except for such breaches, defaults
and events as to which requisite waivers or consents have been or are
obtained or which would not have a material adverse effect on any Selling
Company or material Subsidiary. Except as disclosed on Schedule 2.16, to the
knowledge of Sellers, no party to any contract or agreement identified in
Schedule 2.16 is currently threatening to breach or terminate any such
contract or agreement.   Section 2.17. Substantial Customers and Suppliers.
Sellers have provided to Buyers, for each of the Selling Companies, a list of
the ten (10) largest customers on the basis of revenues for goods sold or
services provided for the most recent fiscal year and a list of the ten (10)
largest suppliers of the Selling Companies on the basis of cost of goods or
services purchased for the most recent fiscal year. Except as set forth on
Schedule 2.17, as of the date hereof, no such customer or supplier has ceased
or materially reduced their purchases from or sales or provision of services
to the Selling Companies since September 30, 2001, or to Sellers\' knowledge,
threatened to cease or materially reduce such purchases or sales or provision
of services after the date hereof.   Section 2.18. Distribution and Loans.
The Selling Companies and Subsidiaries have no outstanding loans, notes,
bankers\' acceptances, letters of credit, guaranties or similar obligations
constituting Assumed Liabilities except as reflected in the September Balance
Sheet or on Schedule 2.18 and except in the ordinary course of business since
September 30, 2001. The Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries had
outstanding letters of credit aggregating approximately $4,200,000 as of
September 30, 2001.   Section 2.19. Investments and Loans Receivable. Except
as set forth on Schedule 2.19, the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries do
not have any investments in, and have not made any advances to, any firms,
persons or corporations, other than (a) investments in marketable debt or
equity securities, U.S. government securities, bank deposits, bank
certificates of deposit, (b) investments in and advances to Subsidiaries, (c)
loans receivable from customers under special financing arrangements as set
forth in Schedule 2.19 and (d) advances to employees in the ordinary course
of business.   Section 2.20. Brokers, Finders, etc. Except for the services
of Raymond James Financial, Inc., Sellers have not employed, nor are they
subject to any valid claim of, any broker, finder, consultant or other
intermediary in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement who might be entitled to a fee or commission in connection with
such transactions. Sellers are solely responsible for any payment, fee or
commission that may be due to Raymond James Financial, Inc. in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 2.21. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except as set forth in the notes to the Financial Statements
or in Schedule 2.21, the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries (a) have no
outstanding contract, agreement or other arrangement with LifeStyle or any of
LifeStyle\'s affiliates, including, without limitation, any tax sharing
agreements, which will continue in effect subsequent to the Closing Date, and
(b) have not engaged in any transaction outside the ordinary course of
business, with LifeStyle or its affiliates since September 30, 2001.  
Section 2.22. Conduct of Business. Except as set forth in the notes to
the Financial Statements or in Schedule 2.22, since September 30, 2001 the
business of the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries has been conducted in the
ordinary and usual course and consistent with past practice.   Section
2.23. Ownership of Stock. Sellers do not own any capital stock of the
Buyers.   Section 2.24. Material Information. The representations and
warranties of Sellers contained in this Agreement and all certificates and
Schedules to this Agreement furnished by Sellers to Buyers pursuant to this
Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby are
accurate and complete in all material respects.   Section 2.25. Disclaimer
of Representations and Warranties. Except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement, it is understood and agreed that Sellers are not making and
specifically disclaim any warranties or representations of any kind or
character, express or implied, with respect to or affecting any Acquired
Assets, including, without limitation: (a) the condition, merchantability,
marketability, profitability, suitability or fitness for a particular use or
purpose of the Acquired Assets, (b) the manner or quality of the construction
or materials incorporated into any of the Acquired Assets and (c) the manner,
quality, state of repair or lack of repair of the Acquired Assets. Buyers
agree that except as expressly set forth herein with respect to the Acquired
Assets, Buyers have not relied upon and will not rely upon, either directly
or indirectly, any representation or warranty of Sellers or any agent of
Sellers. Buyers represent that they are knowledgeable buyers and that
they are relying solely on their own expertise and that of Buyers\'
consultants and the express representations and warranties contained in this
Agreement and the Schedules hereto. Buyers acknowledge and agree that upon
Closing, except as expressly set forth herein, Seller shall sell and convey
to Buyers and Buyers shall accept the Acquired Assets "AS IS, WHERE IS," with
all faults, and there are no oral agreements, warranties or representations
collateral to or affecting the Acquired Assets by Sellers, any agent of
Sellers or any third party, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement
and the Schedules hereto. With respect to the real property included in the
Acquired Assets, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the
Schedules hereto, Sellers are not making and specifically disclaim any
warranties or representations of any kind or character, express or implied
including, but not limited to, warranties or representations as to matters of
zoning, tax consequences, physical or environmental conditions, availability
of access, ingress or egress, operating history or projections, valuation,
governmental approvals, governmental regulations or any other matter or thing
relating to or affecting the property. The terms and conditions of this
Section 2.25 shall expressly survive the Closing. Sellers are not liable or
bound in any manner by any verbal or written statements, representations, or
information pertaining to the Acquired Assets furnished by any real estate
broker, agent, employee, servant or other person, unless the same are
specifically set forth herein.   ARTICLE 3  ---------   Representations
and Warranties of Buyers  ----------------------------------------   Buyers
jointly and severally represent and warrant to Sellers as follows:   Section
3.1. Incorporation; Authorization; No Conflict; etc. (a) Each of Buyers (i)
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of their organization; (ii) has all requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into and complete the transactions
contemplated hereby, to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and
to carry on its businesses as they are now being conducted, and (iii) is or
will be by the Closing Date in good standing and duly qualified or licensed
to transact business in each jurisdiction in which the character of
the transactions contemplated hereby requires it be so qualified or licensed,
except where the failure to be so existing and in good standing or to have
such power and authority would not in the aggregate have a material adverse
effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of
Buyers taken as a whole.   (b) Each of Buyers has full corporate power to
execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform their obligations hereunder
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
issuance and sale of the Shares to Sellers. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Buyers, the performance of the obligations of Buyers
hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the issuance and sale of the Shares to Sellers, have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate proceedings on the part of each
of Buyers and their respective Boards of Directors and the adoption of this
Agreement has been duly approved by Furniture Brands International as the
sole stockholder of Buyer. No other corporate action on the part of either
Buyer or the stockholders of Furniture Brands International is necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.   (c) The execution and delivery by Buyers of this Agreement does
not, and the performance by Buyers of their obligations under this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not:  
(i) conflict with or result in a violation of any of the terms,  conditions
or provisions of the certificate of incorporation or  by-laws (or other
comparable corporate charter documents) of  Buyers;   (ii) violate any
provision of, or be an event that is (or with the  passage of time will
result in) a default under (or give rise to  any right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of) any of  the terms, conditions or provisions
of any note, bond, lease,  mortgage, indenture, license, agreement or other
instrument or  obligation to which Buyers are a party, or by which Buyers or
any  of their properties or assets may be bound; or   (iii)except as
disclosed in Schedule 3.1(c), result in the creation  or imposition of any
lien, security interest or other encumbrance  upon Buyers or any of their
respective assets and properties  under, any contract, agreement (whether
written or oral), lease,  deed, mortgage, indenture, evidence of
indebtedness, security  agreement or other instrument, or any license,
permit,  certificate of authority, authorization, approval, registration  or
franchise to which Buyers are a party or by which any of their  respective
assets and properties is bound.   (d) This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by each of Buyers and, assuming the due
execution hereof by Sellers, this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of Buyers, enforceable against each of them in accordance
with their terms, except to the extent that such validity, binding effect and
enforceability may be subject to or limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, arrangement, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other
similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting the rights
of creditors generally, and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of
whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity.  
(e) Except for the filing of a Notification and Report Form pursuant to
the HSR Act, the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, the Delaware General
Corporation Law and state securities or blue sky laws, and except as set
forth on Schedule 3.1(e), no consent, license, permit, order, approval or
action of, filing with or notice to any federal, state, local or foreign
governmental, judicial or regulatory authority on the part of Buyers are
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Buyers
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, except for (i) those that become applicable solely as a result of the
specific regulatory status of Sellers or any of their affiliates, (ii)
compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, and (iii) the
failure to make, file, give or obtain which would not in the aggregate have a
material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial
condition of the Buyers taken as a whole or prevent the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (f) Upon consummation of the sale and
purchase of the Acquired Assets and the assignment and assumption of the
Assumed Liabilities at the Closing, as contemplated by this Agreement,
Furniture Brands International will deliver to the Selling Companies the
Purchase Price including title to the Shares free and clear of any liens,
claims, charges, restrictions, security interests, options or other legal or
equitable encumbrances, except as noted in the Registration Rights Agreement
.   Section 3.2. Capitalization; Structure. (a) The authorized capital stock
of Furniture Brands International consists of 100 million shares of $1.00
stated value Common Stock of which 50,592,530 shares are outstanding as of
October 2, 2001. The authorized and outstanding stock will not materially
change through Closing. All such outstanding shares of Common Stock are, and
all of the Shares to be issued in this transaction, when so issued, will be,
duly authorized, validly issued, outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable
and free of preemptive rights, and owned of record and beneficially by the
Selling Companies free and clear of any liens, claims, charges, security
interests, options or other legal or equitable restrictions encumbrances,
subject only to the Rights Agreement. Other than the Rights Agreement and
stock options issued in the ordinary course of business pursuant to Buyer\'s
existing long-term incentive plans, there are currently no outstanding
options, rights, warrants or other securities or contractual obligations
binding upon Furniture Brands International or its stockholders that enable
the holder or holders thereof to purchase or otherwise acquire shares of the
Common Stock.   Section 3.3. Brokers, Finders, etc. Buyers have not
employed, and are not subject to any valid claim of, any broker, finder,
consultant or other intermediary in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement who might be entitled to a fee or commission
in connection with such transactions.   Section 3.4. Litigation; Orders.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.4, as of the date hereof, there is no
Action pending or, to the knowledge of Buyers threatened, against or relating
to or affecting the Buyers which could reasonably be expected to result in
the issuance of any order, writ, injunction or judgment restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or if determined adversely
to the Buyers could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the business, results of operations or financial condition of either of
the Buyers. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.4, there are no material
orders, writs, judgments, decrees, injunctions stipulations or awards
(whether rendered by a court or administrative agency, or by
arbitration) affecting the Common Stock outstanding against Buyers. There is
no litigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Buyers, threatened, against
the Buyers, which is not adequately covered by insurance and which if
determined adversely to the Buyers could reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial
condition of the Buyers or which may restrict or interfere with their ability
to perform this Agreement.   Section 3.5. Sufficient Funds. Buyers have
sufficient funds available to pay the Purchase Price in full and to perform
all of their obligations hereunder.   Section 3.6. Material Information.
The representations and warranties of Buyers contained herein, and the
Certificates and Schedules to this Agreement provided by Buyers to Sellers
hereunder are accurate and complete. Buyers have not made any untrue
statement of facts to Sellers or omitted to state a fact necessary to make
the statements made by Buyers not misleading.   Section 3.7. SEC Filings.
The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2001 filed
by Furniture Brands International with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "SEC"), including all exhibits thereto (collectively, the "SEC
Documents"), complied in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as in effect on the
dates so filed. None of the SEC Documents (as of their respective
filing dates) contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. Buyers have heretofore made available to
Sellers copies of the SEC Documents.   Section 3.8. Material Adverse
Change. Since September 30, 2001 there has not been any material adverse
change in the business condition, results of operations or financial
condition of the Buyers.   ARTICLE 4  ---------   Covenants of Sellers
and Buyers  -------------------------------   Section 4.1. Investigation of
Business; Access to Properties, Records and Employees. (a) After the date
hereof and up to the Closing Date, Sellers shall afford to representatives of
Buyers, including Buyers\' legal and financial advisors, reasonable access to
the respective offices, plants, properties, books and records, files, stock
books and minute books, books of account and copies of tax returns of the
Selling Companies and Sellers where appropriate relating to the Acquired
Assets and the Subsidiaries during normal business hours, in order that
Buyers may have full opportunity to make such investigations as
they reasonably desire of the affairs of the Selling Companies and
their Subsidiaries, their financial condition, corporate status,
Liabilities, contracts, business operations, property and title thereto,
litigation, patents, trademarks, copyrights and other matters relating to the
business, properties and assets of the Selling Companies and their
Subsidiaries; provided, however, that such investigation shall be conducted
in such a manner that it does not unreasonably disrupt the personnel or
operations of Sellers. Sellers shall cause their respective personnel to
assist Buyers in making such investigation, and to make their counsel,
accountants, employees and other representatives reasonably available for
such purposes. If, after the date hereof, and prior to the Closing, in the
course of any investigation pursuant to this Section 4.1, Buyers discover any
breach of any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or any
circumstance or condition that upon Closing would constitute such a breach,
Buyers shall promptly so inform Sellers of such fact, provided, however, that
the failure so promptly to inform Sellers shall not constitute a default
under the Agreement, but shall be deemed a waiver of Buyers\' right to claim
damages as a result of such breach. In the case where Buyers have
given prompt notice, then notwithstanding the Closing, any damages as a
result of such breach shall be applied to the Indemnification, Basket and Cap
under the terms of Article 9.   (b) During their investigation as
aforesaid, Buyers shall have the right to make copies of any such records,
files, tax returns and other materials relating solely to the business
operations of Selling Companies, the Subsidiaries, the Acquired Assets, and
the Assumed Liabilities as they may deem advisable. Prior to the Closing
Date, Buyers and their representatives will protect and maintain strictly
confidential all information relating to the Selling Companies obtained by
them hereunder or otherwise which is not otherwise publicly available
and will not use or disclose such information for any purpose unrelated to
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, unless and until
such time as such information is otherwise publicly available or as Buyers
are advised by counsel that such information is required by law to be
disclosed. In the event this Agreement is terminated, Buyers and their
representatives agree to return promptly, if so requested by Sellers, every
document furnished to Buyers and their representatives by Sellers in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and any copies thereof
Buyers and their representatives may have made and to use their best efforts
to cause their representatives to whom such documents were furnished promptly
to return or destroy such documents and any copies thereof any of them may
have made. The undertakings of this Section are of the essence and shall
survive any termination or abandonment of the transaction.   (c) After
Closing, the Selling Companies will retain all of the Selling Companies\'
books and records not included in the Acquired Assets, including without
limitation those referenced in Section 1.1(n) as being excluded from
the Acquired Assets. All other books and records will be delivered to Buyers
at Buyers\' request including without limitation copies of any appropriate
documents contained in the Data Room compiled for due diligence in this
matter that have not been copied previously by Buyers and that relate to the
Acquired Assets and the Subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, Buyers agree
(i) to hold all of the books and records included in the Acquired Assets of
the Selling Companies delivered to Buyers on the Closing Date and not to
destroy or dispose of any thereof for a period of seven (7) years from the
Closing Date or such longer time as may be required by law, and thereafter,
if it desires to destroy or dispose of such books and records, to offer first
in writing at least 60 days prior to such destruction or disposition to
surrender them to the Selling Companies, and (ii) following the Closing Date,
to afford Sellers, their representatives, accountants and counsel, during
normal business hours, upon reasonable request, at any time, full access to
such books, records and other data and to the employees of the Selling
Companies to the extent that such access may be requested for any legitimate
purpose at no charge to Sellers (other than for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses); provided, however, that (i) nothing in this Agreement shall limit
any of Sellers\' rights of discovery, (ii) Sellers agree that all such non-
public information shall be held strictly confidential, and (iii) Buyers
shall not have any liability for the accidental loss or destruction of any
such records. Buyers shall have the same rights, and Sellers the same
obligations, as are set forth above in this Section 4.1(c) with respect to
the records of the Selling Companies pertaining to the Selling Companies that
are retained by the Selling Companies.   (d) Buyers agree to cooperate with
Sellers in the preparation for and prosecution of the defense of any Action
arising out of or relating to any Excluded Liability, including, without
limitation, (i) by affording to representatives of Sellers reasonable access
to their offices, plants, properties, books and records during normal
business hours in order that Sellers may have full opportunity to make such
investigations as may be necessary in connection therewith; provided,
however, that such investigation shall not unreasonably disrupt the personnel
and operations of Buyers, and (ii) by making available evidence within the
control of Buyers and persons needed as witnesses employed by Buyers in each
case as reasonably needed for such defense; provided, however, that Sellers
hereby covenant and agree not to disclose any of such information that is
confidential or proprietary except as may be necessary for the purposes for
which such information is obtained. Sellers shall reimburse Buyers for their
out of pocket costs relating to their cooperation under
this subparagraph.   (e) Sellers agree to cooperate with Buyers in the
preparation for and prosecution of the defense of any Action arising out of
or relating to any Assumed Liability, including, without limitation, (i) by
affording to representatives of Buyers reasonable access to their offices,
plants, properties, books and records during normal business hours in order
that Buyers may have full opportunity to make such investigations as may be
necessary in connection therewith; provided, however, that such investigation
shall not unreasonably disrupt the personnel and operations of Sellers, and
(ii) by making available evidence within the control of Sellers and persons
needed as witnesses employed by Sellers in each case as reasonably needed for
such defense; provided, however, that Buyers hereby covenant and agree not to
disclose any of such information that is confidential or proprietary except
as may be necessary for the purposes for which such information is obtained.
Buyers shall reimburse Sellers for their out of pocket costs relating to
their cooperation under this subparagraph.   (f) The letter agreement dated
June 7, 2001 between Sellers and Buyers (the "Confidentiality Agreement")
shall remain binding upon the parties thereto and in full force and effect,
and the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement are incorporated in this
Agreement by reference.   Section 4.2. Best Efforts; Obtaining Consents. (a)
Subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement, Sellers and Buyers
each agree to use their reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken
all actions, and to do or cause to be done all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to cooperate with the others
in connection with the foregoing, including using their reasonable best
efforts:   (i) at no expense to Sellers, to obtain all necessary waivers, 
consents and approvals from other parties to loan agreements,  leases and
other contracts,   (ii) to obtain all consents, approvals and authorizations
that are  required to be obtained under any federal, state, local or 
foreign law or regulation,   (iii)to lift or rescind any injunction or
restraining order or other  order (except such order as may have been secured
by any  governmental agency) adversely affecting the ability of the  parties
to this Agreement to consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby,
and   (iv) to fulfill all conditions to this Agreement.  Each party
further covenants and agrees, with respect to any threatened or pending
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order, decree or ruling
or statute, rule, regulation or executive order (except such orders, decrees,
etc. which may have been secured by any governmental agency) that would
adversely affect the ability of the parties to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, to use their best efforts to prevent the entry,
enactment or promulgation thereof, as the case may be.   (b) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyers shall (i) take promptly all
actions necessary to make the filings required of Buyers under the HSR Act
and seek early termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR
Act, (ii) comply at the earliest practicable date with any request
for additional information or documentary material received by Buyers from
the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice pursuant to the HSR Act, and (iii) cooperate with Sellers in
connection with any filing of Sellers under the HSR Act and in connection
with resolving any investigation or other inquiry concerning the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement commenced by either the Federal Trade
Commission or the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or state
attorneys general. Buyers will pay the HSR Act filing fee.   (c) In
furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each party shall use its
reasonable best efforts to resolve such objections, if any, as may
be asserted with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby under
any Antitrust Law (as defined in this Agreement). If any suit is
instituted challenging any of the transactions contemplated hereby as
violative of any Antitrust Law, each party shall use all reasonable efforts
to take such action as may be required (i) by the applicable governmental
authority in order to resolve such objections as such governmental authority
may have to such transactions under such Antitrust Law, or (ii) by any court
or similar tribunal, in any suit brought by a private party or governmental
authority challenging the transactions contemplated hereby as violative of
any Antitrust Law, in order to avoid the entry of, or to effect the
dissolution of, any injunction, temporary restraining order or other order
that has the effect of preventing the consummation of any of such
transactions.   (d) Each party hereto shall promptly inform the others of
any communication from the United States Federal Trade Commission, the
Department of Justice or any other governmental authority regarding any of
the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party hereto or any affiliate
thereof receives a request for additional information or documentary material
from any such governmental authority with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby, then such party will endeavor in good faith to make or
cause to be made as soon as reasonably practicable and after consultation
with the other parties, an appropriate response in compliance with such
request. Buyers and Sellers will advise the other promptly in respect of any
understandings, undertakings or agreements (oral or written) which Buyers or
Sellers, as the case may be, propose to make or enter into with the Federal
Trade Commission, the Department of Justice or any other domestic or foreign
government or governmental authority in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby.   (e) "Antitrust Law" means the Sherman Act, as
amended, the Clayton Act, as amended, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended, and all other federal, state and foreign
statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, administrative and judicial
doctrines, and other laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict
or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or
restraint of trade.   Section 4.3. Lockup; Registration Rights. At Closing,
Buyers and Sellers will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit 4.3.   Section 4.4. Further Assurances;
Time of Essence. The parties hereto agree (a) to furnish upon request to each
other such further information, (b) to execute and deliver to each other such
other documents, and (c) to do such other acts and things, all as the other
party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of
this Agreement and to vest Buyers with full right, title and possession to
all Acquired Assets and Assumed Liabilities and Sellers with full and
unrestricted rights to the Shares pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement attached hereto and except as therein provided. With regard to all
dates and time periods set forth or referred to in this Agreement, time is of
the essence.   Section 4.5. Conduct of Business. From the date hereof
through the Closing Date, or until the transaction contemplated hereby shall
have been terminated as provided in this Agreement, except as otherwise
provided for in or contemplated by this Agreement, and except as consented to
or approved by Buyers in writing, Sellers covenant as follows:   (a) the
Selling Companies and Subsidiaries shall operate their businesses in the
ordinary and usual course in all material respects in accordance with past
practice, and shall maintain their records and books of account in a
manner that fairly and accurately reflects their income, expenses, assets
and Liabilities in accordance with past practice and United States
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to operate and maintain their businesses in
such a manner as is designed to avoid any material adverse effect on any
Selling Company;   (b) the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries shall not:  
(i) make any investment of a capital nature in any other firm or 
corporation, either by the purchase of stock or securities, by  contributions
to capital or by property transfers or otherwise,  or purchase any material
amount of property or assets of any  other individual, firm or
corporation;   (ii) waive or release any rights of material value or allow
or effect  any sale, assignment, abandonment or transfer by the Selling 
Companies or Subsidiaries of, or any failure to renew any  registration
relating to, any rights with respect to the Selling  Companies\' or
Subsidiaries\' Intellectual Property or License  Agreements; or  
(iii)close or discontinue operations in any plants or any other  facilities
(other than pursuant to plans being implemented as of  the date hereof with
respect to facilities not included as  Acquired Assets), or knowingly permit
any material change in the  business of the Selling Companies, the
Subsidiaries or in  relationships with material suppliers, customers,
landlords or  others;   (c) except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, or as otherwise provided for in or
contemplated by this Agreement, the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries
shall not:   (i) sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of or make any 
commitment to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of  Acquired Assets
or assets of the Subsidiaries;   (ii) acquire or make any commitment to
acquire any material assets as  to the Subsidiaries, or that would constitute
Acquired Assets or  create Assumed Liabilities;   (iii)except for the
cancellation of all intercompany accounts with  LifeStyle and its affiliates
outstanding at the Closing Date,  cancel, compromise, release or assign any
debts owed to it that  are Acquired Assets or those owed to the
Subsidiaries;   (iv) create or permit to exist any new security interest,
lien or  encumbrance on the Acquired Assets or Assumed Liabilities or the 
assets of the Subsidiaries other than Permitted Liens;   (v) (i) incur or
assume any long-term debt or, except in the ordinary  course of business or
under existing lines of credit, incur or  assume any short-term debt; (ii)
assume, guarantee, endorse or  otherwise become liable or responsible
(whether directly,  contingently or otherwise) for any liability of another
party; or  (iii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or 
investments in, any other person (other than loans or advances to  the
Subsidiaries and customary loans or advances to customers or  employees in
accordance with past practices), in each case to the  extent such debt,
guaranty, loan or advance would be an Assumed  Liability or a liability of a
Subsidiary;   (vi) enter into any contract or commitment of any kind not
terminable  on notice of sixty (60) days or less, or enter into any lease, 
license, royalty or union agreement, or any joint venture,  partnership or
other similar arrangement or form any other new  arrangement for the conduct
of their businesses to the extent any  of the foregoing would result in any
Assumed Liability hereunder  or a liability of a Subsidiary;   (vii) allow
or effect any material change in the historical policies  of the Selling
Companies or Subsidiaries regarding the prices,  credit terms or other terms
of sale with respect to any of their  merchandise, commodities, products or
product lines;   (viii) allow or effect any material change in the level of
inventory  of the Selling Companies or Subsidiaries for the time of year 
involved;   (ix) allow or effect any material change in (x) any
investment,  accounting, financial reporting, inventory or tax practice or 
policy of the Selling Companies or Subsidiaries or (y) any method  of
calculating any bad debt, contingency or other reserve of the  Selling
Companies or Subsidiaries for accounting, financial  reporting or tax
purposes;   (x) incur any Liabilities that would be required to be reflected
or  reserved against in a consolidated balance sheet of the Selling 
Companies prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted  accounting
principles consistently applied.   (d) except as required by law or
contractual obligations or other understandings or arrangements existing on
the date hereof, and other than salary increases and bonuses consistent with
past practice, the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries shall not:   (1)
increase in any manner the compensation or fringe benefits of, or  enter into
any new bonus or incentive agreement or arrangement  with, any of their
directors or officers or other key employees;   (2) pay or agree to pay any
pension, retirement allowance or other  employee benefit to any such
director, officer or key employee,  whether past or present if such payment
or agreement would be an  Assumed Liability of Buyer hereunder or liability
of a  Subsidiary;   (3) enter into any new employment, severance,
management, consulting  or other compensation agreement with any director,
officer or key  employee, whether past or present; or,   (4) commit itself
to any additional bonus, profit sharing,  compensation, termination, stock
option, stock appreciation  right, restricted stock, performance unit,
pension, retirement,  deferred compensation, employment, severance or other
employee  benefit agreements, trusts, plans, funds or other arrangements of 
or for the benefit or welfare of any employee of the Selling  Companies or
Subsidiaries, or (except as may be required by law)  terminate, amend or
commit itself to terminate or amend any of  such plans, funds or similar
arrangements in existence on the  date hereof if such payment or agreement
could become a liability  of Buyer hereunder or a liability of a
Subsidiary;   (e) provided, however, that in no event shall Sellers be
deemed to have breached or violated any covenant contained in this Section by
reason of any action taken, other than at the express request of Sellers, by
any officer, director or affiliate of Buyers, or at the request or direction
of any such person.   Section 4.6. Additional Covenants of Buyers. Prior to
the Closing Date, except as otherwise consented to by Sellers in writing,
Buyers shall not (a) repurchase, or permit any of their affiliates or
"control persons" (as defined in Rule 144) to acquire, shares of the Common
Stock of Furniture Brands International; (b) except in the ordinary course of
business pursuant to Buyers\' existing long-term incentive plans, and except
as required by the terms of the Rights Agreements, issue any shares of Common
Stock or any options, rights, warrants or other securities or contractual
obligations enabling any person to acquire any shares of Common Stock; or (c)
communicate with the employees of the Selling Companies without the express
consent of LifeStyle. Within a reasonably short transition time after the
Closing Date not to exceed thirty (30) days, Buyers shall remove LifeStyle\'s
names, trade names, logos and similar indicia from all Acquired Assets,
including without limitation, sales, marketing and shipping materials.  
Section 4.7. Acquisition Proposals. Sellers shall not, and shall use
their best efforts to cause their officers, directors and employees, and
investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other agents retained by
Sellers not to, (i) initiate or solicit, directly or indirectly, any
inquiries or the making of any proposal for the acquisition of the Acquired
Assets and/or the Assumed Liabilities, or (ii) engage in negotiations or
discussions with, or furnish any information or data to, any third party
relating to the acquisition of the Acquired Assets and/or Assumed
Liabilities.   Section 4.8. Preservation of Business. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, Sellers shall use all reasonable efforts to
preserve the businesses of the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries intact, to
keep available to the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries the services of the
employees of the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries, and to preserve the
goodwill of customers and others having business relations with the Selling
Companies and Subsidiaries other than closure or transfer of those portions
of the businesses constituting any Excluded Asset.   Section 4.9. Public
Announcements. Sellers and Buyers will not issue, and will not permit any
agent, affiliate or representative to issue, any press releases or otherwise
make, or permit any agent, affiliate or representative to make, any public
statements with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, unless all parties shall have mutually agreed upon the language of
any such statement or release. Sellers and Buyers will consult with each
other concerning the means by which the Selling Companies\'
employees, customers, and suppliers and others having dealings with the
Selling Companies will be informed of the transactions contemplated hereby,
and Buyers will have the right to be present for any such communication.  
Section 4.10. Non-Solicitation; Trade Secrets. (a) For a period of one
year following the Closing Date, Sellers will not, directly or indirectly,
without the prior written approval of Buyers, initiate the solicitation of
any person who is an officer, executive, agent or employee of the Selling
Companies or any of their subsidiaries as of the Closing Date, to terminate
his or her employment by or services to Buyers; provided, however, that the
foregoing shall not prohibit Sellers from soliciting and hiring through
general advertising not specifically targeted to such an officer, executive,
agent or employee.   (b) After the Closing Date, Sellers will, and will
cause their respective subsidiaries to, keep strictly confidential, and not
use or disclose, directly or indirectly, any customer lists, marketing, sales
or product strategies or plans, trade secrets, proprietary rights or other
confidential information of the Selling Companies or their Subsidiaries as
the same is related to the Acquired Assets and/or Assumed Liabilities or
Subsidiaries, except (i) as and to the extent required by applicable law
after prior written notice thereof has been provided to Buyers, or (ii) such
information has been publicly disclosed other than by Sellers or the
Subsidiaries.   (c) Sellers and Buyers agree that any remedy at law for any
breach by them of this Section 4.10 and Section 4.1(b) and (f) would be
inadequate, and the non-breaching party would be entitled to injunctive
relief in such a case.   (d) Each provision of this Section 4.10 shall be
interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Section 4.10 shall be prohibited by or invalid
under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of
such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such
provision, the remaining provisions of this Section 4.10 or any other
provision of this Agreement. Any such provision may be reformed by a Court to
give such provision as much effect as to the intent of the provision as the
law shall allow.   Section 4.11. Guaranties. (a) With respect to the
guaranties and letters of credit listed in Schedule 4.11 (the "Guaranties"),
Buyers shall use their best efforts (which need not, however, include
incurring any cost or agreeing to any modifications of the terms of the
underlying obligations) to cause themselves to be substituted in all respects
for, and to release, Sellers, Masco Corporation and any other guarantor from
any obligations arising under such Guaranties effective as of the Closing
Date. If Buyers are unable to effect such a substitution and release with
respect to any such Guaranty after using best efforts to do so, (i) at the
Closing Buyers will deliver their agreement, reasonably satisfactory to
Sellers, to indemnify such guarantors for any loss or liability sustained
under any such Guaranty on or after the Closing Date, and (ii) such
guarantors shall thereafter have the right to cancel and release all such
Guaranties. To Sellers\' knowledge, there are no Guaranties other than
those listed on Schedule 4.11.   (b) Sellers agree to notify Dun and
Bradstreet of the termination of Sellers\' ownership of the Acquired Assets
and Assumed Liabilities immediately after Closing. Buyers agree to take such
ministerial action as Sellers may reasonably request to notify any person who
is a beneficiary of any such Guaranty of the termination of Sellers\'
ownership of the Acquired Assets and Assumed Liabilities, and to certify to
such notification.   Section 4.12. Performance of the Selling Companies\'
Obligations. Buyers agree from and after the Closing Date to timely perform
and fulfill all of the obligations and commitments represented by the Assumed
Liabilities as and when due, whether existing as of the Closing Date or
arising or incurred thereafter.   Section 4.13. Post-Closing Cooperation.
Prior to, at and for ninety (90) days after the Closing, Sellers shall
reasonably cooperate, at no expense to Sellers and subject to available
personnel resources, with Buyers in connection with the initiation by Buyers
of administrative, accounting, tax, personnel, legal and management functions
previously provided by Sellers with respect to the businesses of the Selling
Companies. Such cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, the
provision by Sellers of any documents (or copies thereof) reasonably
requested by Buyers which relate to Acquired Assets or Assumed Liabilities
and the provision to Buyer of reasonable access to Sellers\' personnel with
respect to such administrative, accounting, tax, personnel, legal and
management functions.   Section 4.14. Insurance. (a) Sellers shall look
solely to the insurance policies noted in Section 2.15 hereof and those
maintained by Sellers over the past five years (collectively, the "Sellers\'
Insurance Policies"), with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage or
expense relating to the assets, business, operations, conduct, products and
employees (including former employees) of the Selling Companies which is or
was covered under Sellers\' Insurance Policies (without regard to
deductibles) and which relates to or arises out of occurrences on or prior to
the Closing Date, including, without limitation, all such workers
compensation, general liability, and automobile liability claims (a "Pre-
Closing Claim"). Neither Buyers nor their affiliates shall have any
responsibility for obtaining any insurance or bearing any loss, liability,
claim, damage or expense relating to any Pre-Closing Claims. Sellers shall
receive and retain all reserves related to, shall be solely liable for, and
shall indemnify Buyers against all Pre-Closing Claims.   (b) Buyers shall
look solely to the insurance policies maintained by Buyers after the Closing
Date (collectively, the "Buyers\' Insurance Policies"), with respect to any
loss, liability, claim, damage or expense relating to the assets, business,
operations, conduct, products and employees (including former employees) of
the Selling Companies which is covered under Buyers\' Insurance Policies
(without regard to deductibles) and which relates to or arises out
of occurrences after the Closing Date, including, without limitation, all
workers compensation, general liability, and automobile liability claims
(a "Post-Closing Claim"). Neither Sellers nor their affiliates shall have
any responsibility for obtaining any insurance or bearing any loss,
liability, claim, damage or expense relating to any Post-Closing Claims.
Buyers shall establish all reserves related to, shall be solely liable for,
and shall indemnify Sellers against all Post-Closing Claims.   Section
4.15. Intercompany Accounts. At Closing, any account receivable or account
payable between the Selling Companies and any of their affiliates, including
LifeStyle, and the Subsidiaries or between the Subsidiaries will be satisfied
and cancelled and not forgiven. From and after the Closing Date, Buyers will
have no obligations to Sellers or rights with respect to any
such intercompany accounts.   Section 4.16 Additional Covenants of Sellers.
(a) At or prior to Closing, Sellers shall cause any of their other affiliates
to transfer any assets owned by them and used primarily in the business of
the Subsidiaries, including but not limited to, Selling Companies
Intellectual Property, to the Subsidiaries as directed by Buyers.   (b) As
to those contracts held in the name of Lifestyle or another Lifestyle
affiliate wherein the entire contract or a part of the contract is for the
benefit of the operations of Selling Companies or Subsidiaries, Sellers shall
make assignments for these contracts, or the benefits of those parts
of contracts to be assigned to the appropriate Selling Company or Subsidiary
prior to Closing subject to obtaining all the required consents and approvals
as described in Schedule 2.1(c).   (c) Any cash or cash equivalent
delivered to the lock boxes and bank accounts of the Selling Companies after
the Closing Date shall be delivered to the Buyers. Sellers shall use their
reasonable best efforts to provide Buyers an assignment of all lock boxes and
bank accounts, maintained for the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries in
form reasonably satisfactory to Buyers. Sellers shall advise the banks and
financial institutions where the lock boxes and bank accounts are maintained
of the desired assignment and any necessary instructions as to any
withdrawals from the lock boxes and records. New signature and authorization
documents and any other documents reasonably required by the banks and
financial institutions to make the transfer shall be executed and
delivered.   (d) No later than fifty (50) days after the date Buyers file an
8-K with respect to this transaction (the "8-K"), Sellers shall deliver to
Buyers true and complete copies of the audited consolidating and combined
balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements with all notes
thereto of the Selling Companies (collectively, "Audited Statements") as of
and for the year ended December 31, 2000. If in connection with the 8-K, the
Buyers are required to file copies of Sellers\' Audited Statements as of and
for the year ending December 31, 2001, Sellers shall deliver to Buyers copies
of those Audited Statements not later than three business days prior to the
date by which the Buyers are required to file them.   (e) Between the date
hereof and Closing in order that the 10% ownership limitation provision in
Section 1.4 is not triggered, Sellers shall not acquire any capital stock of
Buyers.   ARTICLE 5  ---------  Employee Benefits  -----------------  
Section 5.1. Employee Benefit Plans. (a) Except to the extent reflected
on the Closing Balance Sheet (which shall include Liabilities under
Selling Companies Employee Benefits Plans only if such Plans are referenced
in Schedule 5.1(a)), Buyers do not assume any Liabilities under any Selling
Companies Employees Benefit Plans as defined herein. Sellers shall retain all
such plans, and Liabilities thereunder. Sellers represent and warrant to
Buyers as follows:   (b) Schedule 5.1(b) lists all written compensation and
benefit plans, contracts and arrangements of the Sellers (other than routine
administrative procedures) in effect as of the date hereof including, without
limitation, all written pension, profit sharing, savings and thrift, bonus,
incentive, deferred compensation, equity based compensation, severance pay,
medical, life insurance, and other material welfare plans of the Selling
Companies or any of their affiliates in which any current or former employees
of the Selling Companies ("Selling Companies Employees") or their
beneficiaries participate, other than Foreign Benefit Plans (as defined in
Section 5.7), (collectively, "Selling Companies Employee Benefit Plans").
With respect to each Selling Companies Employee Benefit Plan, the Sellers
have made or will make available to Buyers true, correct and complete copies
of all of the following: (i) all documents which comprise the plan, including
the most current version of the plan and any subsequent amendments (including
a description of any such plan that is not in writing); (ii) any related
trust agreements, master trust agreements, pension contracts, or insurance
contracts; (iii) investment management agreements or custodial agreements;
(iv) fiduciary liability insurance policies; (v) all rulings, determination
letters, no-action letters or advisory opinions issued by the Internal
Revenue Service, the United States Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC") or any other governmental body that pertain to
the plan and any open requests therefor; and (vi) the most recent actuarial
and financial reports (audited and/or unaudited) and the annual reports filed
with each of the three preceding years.   (c) Except as set forth in
Schedule 5.1(c), all Selling Companies Employee Benefit Plans which are
"employee benefit plans", as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (together with any
successor statute, and any rules or regulations promulgated
thereunder, "ERISA"), in all material respects are in compliance with and
have been administered in compliance with all applicable requirements of law,
including but not limited to the Code and ERISA.   (d) Except as otherwise
set forth in Schedule 5.1(d), Sellers do not, nor have they during the 5-year
period ending at the Closing Date, sponsored, contributed to, or been
obligated to contribute to any plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or any
"multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).   (e)
Assuming compliance by Buyers with their obligations under Sections 5.5 and
5.6, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, other than by reason of Buyers\' actions following the Closing,
will not create any Assumed Liability to pay any current or former Selling
Companies Employee any severance pay, unemployment compensation, or increase
in the amount of any compensation, nor accelerate the time of payment or
vesting of any such payment, except as disclosed on Schedule 5.1(e) or as
provided in Section 5.6. Sellers acknowledge that Selling Companies Employees
who decline Buyers\' offer of employment shall not be entitled to severance
pay from Sellers.   Section 5.2. Termination of Participation. The plan
documents with respect to the Selling Companies Employee Benefit Plans do not
obligate Buyers to continue any of Selling Companies Employee Benefit Plans
or benefits thereunder for those Selling Companies Employees who become
employed with Buyers as a result of the transactions contemplated herein. The
active participation of each Selling Companies Employee in each Selling
Companies Employee Benefit Plan shall cease as of such Selling Companies
Employee\'s Hire Date pursuant to the terms of each such Plan. For each
Selling Companies Employee who is Actively at Work on the Closing Date the
Hire Date shall be the Closing Date, and for each other Selling Companies
Employee the Hire Date shall be the date on which such Selling Companies
Employee returns to Active Employment with Sellers. Actively at Work or
Active Employment means the performance of work by a Selling
Companies Employee either at his or her customary place of employment or such
other place or places required in the course of performing duties and
responsibilities generally for the regular assigned number of hours and at
the base rate of pay in accordance with the established employment practices
of the Selling Companies. A Selling Companies Employee shall be considered to
be Actively at Work on any regular nonworking day provided that the Selling
Companies Employee had been actively at work on the regular working day
immediately preceding such nonworking day.   Section 5.3. Retirement Plan.
The Sellers shall retain all assets and Liabilities under The LifeStyle
Retirement Plan (the "Retirement Plan").   Section 5.4. Sellers\'
Obligations. (a) The Sellers shall be responsible for the payment of all
wages and other remuneration due to Selling Companies Employees who are
Actively at Work on the Closing Date with respect to their services as
Selling Companies Employees through the close of business of the Sellers on
the Hire Date, and for the payment of all wages and other remuneration due to
each other Selling Companies Employees, through the close of business on the
business day of the Sellers immediately preceding the Hire Date (in each case
except to the extent such payment responsibilities are reflected on the
Closing Balance Sheet, it being acknowledged and agreed that the
Closing Balance Sheet shall reflect Liabilities under Selling Companies
Employee Benefit Plans only if such Plans are referenced in Schedule 5.1(a))
and, subject to compliance by Buyers with their hiring obligations set forth
in Section 5.5, any and all payments required under the WARN Act for
employees terminated by Sellers prior to the Closing Date.   (b) Sellers
shall be responsible for the administration of and shall assume any and all
obligations arising after the date hereof under the continuation coverage
requirements of Section 4980B of the Code (as amended) with respect to any
Selling Companies Employees who are terminated by the Sellers or have
a qualifying event prior to the Hire Date.   (c) Sellers will permit Buyers
to have access to the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries records for all
current employees of the Selling Companies and the Subsidiaries.   (d) To
the knowledge of the Sellers, no current officer, director or employee of the
Selling Companies is bound by any Contract that purports to limit the ability
of such officer, director, or employee to engage in or continue or perform
any conduct, activity, duties or practice relating to the business of the
Selling Companies.   Section 5.5 Buyers\' Obligations. On the Closing Date,
Buyers shall offer comparable employment to all current employees of the
Selling Companies who are Actively at Work at the locations included in the
Acquired Assets. Notwithstanding, Buyers have no obligation to hire any
employees of the LifeStyle Leather Products operations of Drexel Heritage, as
such operations are not being sold to Buyers. With respect to Selling
Companies Employees who are not Actively at Work on the Closing Date, Buyers
shall offer comparable employment to such individuals on the date they return
to Active Employment. Buyers agree to waive all pre-existing condition
provisions and all waiting period provisions under their group medical
insurance plan for all Selling Companies Employees who are hired by Buyers,
and to recognize all accrued vacation. On or before the Closing Date, Buyers
shall establish a group medical insurance plan with CIGNA for all Selling
Companies Employees who are hired by Buyers, and such group medical insurance
plan shall be substantially similar to the Selling Companies\' existing group
medical insurance plan, except that (i) Buyers shall retain sole and absolute
discretion to amend and/or terminate such plan at any time after the date 90
days after the Closing Date, and (ii) Buyers shall have no obligation to
offer retiree welfare benefits. Buyers assume no liability or obligation
under any Selling Companies Employee Benefit Plan except to the extent
reflected on the Closing Balance Sheet.   Section 5.6. Employee Benefits.
(a) Following the Hire Date, Buyers shall provide the employees of the
Selling Companies Employees with employee benefits, programs, policies and
arrangements which are, in the aggregate as generous (or more generous) than
those benefits provided by Buyers to at least one of their three existing
operating companies. Selling Companies Employees who are hired by Buyers
shall be given full credit for past service with the Selling Companies
in determining their eligibility and vesting (but not benefit accrual)
under Buyers\' employee benefits, programs, policies and arrangements.  
(b) Sellers and Buyers shall give any notices required by law and
take whatever other actions with respect to the plans, programs and
policies described in this Article V as may be necessary to carry out the
arrangements described in this Article V. If any of the arrangements
described in this Article V are determined by the IRS or other governmental
body to be prohibited by law, Sellers and Buyers shall modify such
arrangements to as closely as possible reflect their expressed intent and
retain the allocation of economic benefits and burdens to the parties
contemplated herein in a manner that is not prohibited by law.   Section
5.7 Foreign Benefit Plans. Buyers\' shall assume, or the Subsidiaries shall
remain liable for, all Liabilities, contingent or otherwise, under any
written compensation and benefit plans, contracts and arrangements of Sellers
or Subsidiaries (other than routine administrative procedures) in effect as
of the date hereof including, without limitation, all written pension,
profit sharing, savings and thrift, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation,
equity based compensation, severance pay, medical, life insurance, and other
material welfare plans or obligations, be they discretionary, mandated or
otherwise, of Sellers or any of their affiliates in which any current or
former employees of the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries who are
employed outside the United States ("Non-U.S. Employees") or their
beneficiaries participate, or are entitled to participate (collectively,
"Foreign Benefit Plans"). Sellers represent and warrant to Buyers as
follows:   (a) Sellers have endeavored in good faith to deliver or make
available to Buyers, and to the knowledge of Sellers they have delivered or
made available to Buyers, all material, documents and information requested
by Buyers with respect to the Foreign Benefit Plans.   (b) Each Foreign
Benefit Plan and related trust agreement, annuity contract or other funding
instrument is a valid and binding obligation of the applicable Seller or
Subsidiary and in full force and effect, and there are no defaults by a
Seller or a Subsidiary thereunder. To the knowledge of Sellers, none of
the rights of Sellers or Subsidiaries thereunder will be impaired by
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and all
the rights of such Sellers or Subsidiaries thereunder will be enforceable by
Buyers at or after the Closing Date without the consent or agreement of any
other party. To the knowledge of Sellers, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than by reason of Buyers\'
actions following the Closing, will not entitle any current or former
Non-U.S. Employee to severance pay, unemployment compensation or any other
payment, or accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or increase the amount
of any compensation due to any current or former Non-U.S. Employee.   (c)
To the knowledge of Sellers, each Foreign Benefit Plan and related trust
agreement, annuity contract or other funding instrument complies with and has
been administered, operated and maintained in compliance with its terms
and all applicable requirements of Law and Sellers have no direct or
indirect liability under the requirements provided by Law. To the knowledge
of Sellers, Sellers provide to Non-U.S. Employees all government mandated
benefits. To the knowledge of Sellers, there is no pending or threatened
legal action, proceeding or investigation, suit, grievance, arbitration or
other manner of litigation, or claim against or involving any Foreign Benefit
Plan and no facts exist that would give rise to any legal action, proceeding
or investigation, suit, grievance, or other manner of litigation or claim
other than routine claims for benefits. Sellers have not received any notice
that any Seller or any of Sellers\' directors, officers, employees or other
fiduciaries have any liability for failure to comply with applicable Law in
acting or failing to act in connection with the administration or investment
of any Foreign Benefit Plan.   (d) All expenses and Liabilities relating to
all of the Foreign Benefit Plans have been, and will on the Closing Date be,
properly accrued on Sellers\' books and records and Sellers\' financial
statements reflect such Liabilities to the extent required by the
requirements of United States generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied.        ARTICLE 6  ---------   Section 6.1. Tax
Representations and Warranties. The Sellers represent and warrant that:  
(a) Taking into account all extensions of time granted by the
applicable Taxing authorities, the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries have
timely filed (or have had filed on their behalf), all Tax Returns (as defined
in this Agreement) that were required to be filed by applicable law with
respect to the Subsidiaries and the Acquired Assets. All such Tax Returns
were, as of the time of filing, materially true, complete and correct. Except
as set forth on Schedule 6.1(a), none of the Subsidiaries is currently the
beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Income Tax
Return or franchise Tax Return.   (b) The Selling Companies and
Subsidiaries have paid (or have had paid on their behalf), or where payment
is not yet due, have established (or have had established on their behalf and
for their sole benefit and recourse), an adequate accrual for the payment of,
all Taxes (as defined in this Agreement) due with respect to the Subsidiaries
and the Acquired Assets.   (c) There are no Liens for Taxes upon the
Acquired Assets of the Selling Companies or the Subsidiaries, except for
statutory liens for Taxes not yet due. The transactions contemplated by this
Agreement will not give rise to (i) the creation of any Liens against the
Acquired Assets or the Subsidiaries in respect of any Taxes or (ii) the
assertion of any additional Taxes against the Acquired Assets or the
Subsidiaries.   (d) Except as set forth on Schedule 6.1(d), with respect to
the Acquired Assets and the Subsidiaries, no material adjustments or
deficiencies relating to the Tax Returns referred to in clause (a) of this
Section have been proposed, asserted or assessed in writing by the Internal
Revenue Service or the relevant state, local or foreign Taxing Authority,
except for such material adjustments or deficiencies which have been fully
paid or finally settled.   (e) Except as set forth in Schedule 6.1(e), there
are no outstanding waivers extending the applicable statute of limitation
with respect to any Tax Return of the Subsidiaries or of the Selling
Companies with respect to the Acquired Assets for any taxable period.   (f)
No consent to the application of Section 341(f)(2) of the Code has been filed
with respect to any property or assets held or acquired or to be acquired by,
or subject to any option to acquire held by the Subsidiaries.   (g) No
written notice has been received from any Taxing Authority (as hereinafter
defined) of any jurisdiction in which any Selling Company with respect to the
Acquired Assets or any Subsidiary does not file a Tax Return asserting that
it is or may be subject to taxation in that jurisdiction, except such claims
as have been resolved prior to Closing.   (h) Each of the Selling Companies
and the Subsidiaries has complied with all Law relating to the withholding of
Taxes and the payment thereof (including, without limitation, withholding of
Taxes under Sections 1441 and 1442 of the Code, or any similar provision
under foreign, state or local Law), and has timely and properly withheld from
the appropriate party and paid over to the proper Taxing Authority all
amounts required to be withheld and paid over.   (i) None of the Assumed
Liabilities is an obligation to make a payment that will not be deductible
under Section 280G of the Code.   (j) None of the Acquired Assets, the
assets of any Subsidiary, or the Assumed Liabilities are subject to, or
constitute, a safe harbor lease within the meaning of Section 168(f)(8) of
the Code, as in effect prior to amendment by the Tax Equity and Fiscal
Responsibility Act of 1982.   (k) None of the Acquired Assets is tax-exempt
use property within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code.   (l) None
of the Acquired Assets has been financed with, or directly or indirectly
secures, any industrial revenue bonds or debt, the interest on which is tax
exempt under Section 103(a) of the Code.   (m) Except as set forth on
Schedule 6.1(m), none of the Acquired Assets or the assets of any Subsidiary
constitutes a partnership, joint venture or other arrangement or contract
that could be treated as a domestic partnership for federal income tax
purposes. None of the activities of the Selling Companies and Subsidiaries
constitutes or has constituted a permanent establishment in any foreign
country in which they are not currently filing a Tax Return, as the
term "permanent establishment" is defined in any applicable tax treaty or
convention between the United States and such foreign country.   (n) The
Sellers have made available to the Buyer correct and complete copies of all
federal Income Tax Returns for the tax years ended December 31, 1998,
December 31, 1999, and December 31, 2000, and examination reports,
and statements of deficiencies assessed against or agreed to by any of the
Selling Companies and Subsidiaries for the tax years ended December 31, 1997,
December 31, 1998 and December 31, 1999.   (o) Except as set forth on
Schedule 6.1(o), for taxable periods beginning after the Closing Date, none
of the Subsidiaries is required to include in income any adjustment under
Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in accounting method
initiated by any such party and the Internal Revenue Service has not proposed
any such adjustment or change in accounting method. None of the Subsidiaries
has any pending private letter ruling request, Technical Advice Memoranda or
Field Service Requests with the Internal Revenue Service.   (p) None of the
Subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable
period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.   (q) The
Subsidiaries are in all material respects compliant with the requirements of
Section 482 of the Code and the regulations thereunder as they apply to
transfer pricing between controlled entities including the contemporaneous
documentation requirements regarding transfer pricing policies. The Sellers
and the Subsidiaries believe these policies comply with the requirements of
Section 482 of the Code and the regulations thereunder.   (r) The
Subsidiaries have evidence of payment of all Taxes of a foreign country paid
from the date of formation of each of them, respectively.   (s) The Sellers
represent that they have filed a consolidated federal Income Tax Return with
the domestic Subsidiaries for the taxable year immediately preceding the
current taxable year and that the Sellers are eligible to make an election
under section 338(h)(10) of the Code (and any comparable election under
state, local or foreign tax law) with respect to such Subsidiaries.  
Section 6.2. Tax Covenants by the Sellers and by the Buyers.    (a) The
Buyers shall prepare or cause to be prepared and timely file any Tax Returns
required to be filed in connection with transfer Taxes as specified in
Section 1.6, and Sellers shall cooperate with Buyers in such preparation.  
(b) The Sellers will, and the Buyers will cause the Subsidiaries to,
with respect to any taxable period of the business that would otherwise
include but does not end on the Closing Date (a "Straddle Period"), to the
extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, take all steps as are or may
be reasonably necessary, including without limitation, the filing of
elections or returns with applicable Taxing Authorities, to cause such period
to end on the Closing Date. All Taxes attributable to Pre-Closing Periods
shall be allocated to the Sellers and all Taxes for Post-Closing Periods
shall be allocated to the Buyers. In the case of any Taxes for a Straddle
Period, the portion of such Taxes that are allocated to the Pre-Closing
Period shall (x) be deemed to be the amount that would be payable if the
relevant taxable period ended as of the Closing Date pursuant to an interim
closing of the books in the case of any Income Taxes and Non-Income Taxes not
described in (y) below, and (y) in the case of Non-Income Taxes (e.g.,
property or net worth taxes), that cannot be allocated based upon an interim
closing of the books, be deemed to be the amount of such Tax for the entire
taxable period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the total
number of days in such taxable period ending prior to and including the
Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of days in such
taxable period. Any credits relating to the Straddle Period shall be
taken into account as though the relevant taxable period ended as of the
Closing Date. Except as provided in Section 6.1(a), any Taxes incurred by
reason of the transactions occurring on or before the Closing Date as
contemplated by this Agreement shall be treated as occurring in a Pre-Closing
Period.   (c) With respect to any Income Tax Return of a Subsidiary required
to be filed by the Buyers, their Affiliates or a Subsidiary after the Closing
Date for Pre-Closing Periods or Straddle Periods, the Buyers shall provide
the Sellers and their authorized representatives with copies of such
completed Income Tax Return at least 30 days prior to the due date (including
extensions) for filing such Income Tax Return, and the Sellers and their
authorized representatives shall have the right to review such Income Tax
Return prior to the filing thereof. The Buyers and the Sellers agree to
consult and resolve in good faith any issues arising as a result of the
review of such Income Tax Return by the Sellers or their authorized
representatives prior to the filing of such Income Tax Return. The Sellers
will pay to the Buyers at least ten (10) days prior to the due date for
filing such Income Tax Return the amount of Taxes shown due on such return
that exceed the amount of such Taxes shown as a liability on the finally
determined Closing Balance Sheet and that relate to (i) a Pre-Closing Period
and (ii) the portion of a Straddle Period allocated to the Sellers pursuant
to Section 6.1(b). With respect to Non-Income Tax Returns in which the amount
of Non-Income Taxes shown as due exceeds the amount of such Non-Income Taxes
shown as a liability on the finally determined Closing Balance Sheet and that
relate to (i) a Pre-Closing Period and (ii) the portion of a Straddle Period
allocated to the Sellers pursuant to Section 6.1(b), the Buyers shall provide
the Sellers and their authorized representatives for their review copies of
such return at least 30 days prior to the due date (including extensions)
for filing such Non-Income Tax Return, and the Sellers shall pay such excess
to the Buyers at least ten (10) days prior to the due date for filing such
Non-Income Tax Return. The Buyers and the Sellers agree to consult and
resolve in good faith any issues arising as a result of the review of such
Non-Income Tax Return.   (d) From and after the Closing Date, to the extent
reasonably requested by the other party and at such party\'s expense, each of
the Sellers and the Buyers shall assist and cooperate with the other in the
preparation and filing of any Tax Return and shall assist and cooperate with
the other in preparing for any disputes, audits or other litigation relating
to Taxes for which the other party is responsible pursuant to this Agreement.
Each of the Sellers and Buyers further agrees, upon request, to use their
best efforts to obtain any certificate or other document from any Taxing
Authority or any other person as may be necessary to mitigate, reduce or
eliminate any Tax that could be imposed. The Sellers further agree to comply
with any notice requirement of any Taxing Authority and to provide or obtain
from any Taxing Authority any certificate or other document necessary to
reduce or eliminate any Taxes that otherwise would be imposed with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including bulk transfer
information.   (e) The Sellers shall furnish to the Buyers, as provided in
Section 1445(b)(2) of the Code, an affidavit stating under penalties of
perjury what the Sellers\' taxpayer identification numbers are and that none
of the Sellers are a foreign person within the meaning of Section 1445(f)(3)
of the Code.   (f) The Sellers and the Buyers shall report the Buyers\'
purchase of the Acquired Assets in a consistent manner in accordance with the
allocation set forth on Schedule 1.4(f) and shall take no position
inconsistent or contrary thereto. The Sellers and the Buyers each shall be
responsible for the preparation of any statements and forms to be filed
pursuant to Section 1060 of the Code or in accordance with other applicable
law.   (g) The Sellers and the Buyers agree to comply with the standard
described in Section 4 of Revenue Procedure 96-60, 1996-2 C.B. 399. With
respect to wages paid after the Closing Date by the Buyers to employees of
the Subsidiaries or to Selling Companies\' employees who are hired by Buyer
("Transferred Employees"), the Buyers shall, in accordance with Revenue
Procedure 96-60, assume all responsibility for preparing and filing Form W-2,
Wage and Tax Statements; Form W-3, Transmittal of Income and Tax Statements;
Form 941, Employer\'s Quarterly Federal Tax Returns; Form W-4, Employee\'s
Withholding Allowance Certificates; and Form W-5, Earned Income Credit
Advance Payment Certificates (collectively the "Employee Withholding
Documents"). The Sellers and the Buyers shall cooperate in good faith to the
extent necessary to permit each of them to comply with the standard
procedure.   (h) The Sellers will, at the Buyers\' expense, execute such
documents as are necessary in order to transfer and assign to the Buyers all
state unemployment insurance wage bases and experience and tax rates with
regard to the calendar year that includes the Closing Date.   (i) All Tax
sharing or similar agreements to which any Subsidiary is a party shall be
terminated as of the day before the Closing Date, and after the Closing Date,
no Subsidiary shall be bound thereby or have any rights or obligations
thereunder.   (j) The Sellers covenant and agree, at the Buyers\' request,
to timely join with the Buyers to make an election pursuant to Section
338(h)(10) of the Code (and any comparable election under any applicable
state, local or foreign law) with respect to the U. S. Subsidiaries and to
execute any and all documents (including without limitation IRS Form 8023
Elections Under Section 338 for Corporations Making Qualified Stock
Purchases) and to take any action as is necessary to effectuate such
election(s). With respect to such elections, the Buyers shall be responsible
for preparing IRS Form 8023 (and any comparable forms under state, local or
foreign law) in a manner that complies with the Code and this Agreement and
shall provide such forms to the Sellers at least thirty (30) days prior to
the due date for filing such forms for the Sellers\' review and consent,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (k) The
Sellers shall be solely liable for and shall pay all applicable Taxes that
may be imposed upon, or payable, collectible or incurred in connection with
or arising from or attributable to the making of an election under Section
338(h)(10) of the Code (and any comparable election under any applicable
state, local or foreign law) with respect to the U.S. Subsidiaries pursuant
to this Agreement, and the Sellers shall include in their
federal consolidated Income Tax Return and applicable state, local or foreign
Tax Returns the income attributable to the deemed sale of assets pursuant to
any Section 338(h)(10) election (and any comparable election under any
applicable state, local or foreign law) and any Income Tax liability
resulting therefrom.   (l) At least 10 days prior to filing, the Sellers
shall deliver to the Buyers correct and complete copies of all federal,
state, and foreign Income Tax Returns filed by the Sellers for the tax year
beginning January 1, 2001, such Tax Returns having been prepared in
accordance with the Sellers\' most recent Tax practices.   (m) Within ten
days prior to the Closing, the Sellers shall provide to the Buyers for all
the open tax years of P.T. Maitland-Smith Indonesia: (i) a reconciliation of
the difference between the revenue disclosed in its VAT return and the
revenue disclosed in its corporate income tax returns and (ii) a reasonably
detailed explanation of such differences.   Section 6.3 Tax Claims.   (a)
Without regard to any other Section of this Agreement, if a claim shall be
made by any Taxing Authority, which, if successful, might result in
an indemnity payment to a Buyer Indemnified Party (as defined in Section
9.2(b)) the Buyers shall give notice to the Sellers in writing of such claim
(a "Tax Claim"); provided, however, the failure to give such notice shall not
affect the indemnification provided hereunder except to the extent the
Sellers have been materially prejudiced as a result of such failure.   (b)
With respect to any Tax Claim relating to a taxable period ending on or prior
to the Closing Date, the Sellers shall control all proceedings and may make
all decisions taken in connection with such Tax Claim and, without
limiting the foregoing, may in their sole discretion pursue or forego any and
all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with any
Taxing Authority with respect thereto, and may, in their sole discretion,
either pay the Tax claimed and sue for a refund where applicable law permits
such refund suits or contest the Tax Claim in any permissible manner.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sellers shall not settle any Tax Claim
without the prior written consent of the Buyers, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed, if such settlement would bind or set any
precedent with respect to the Buyers, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective Affiliates in a taxable period ending after the Closing Date. The
Buyers shall control all proceedings with respect to any Tax Claim relating
to a taxable period ending after the Closing Date.   Section 6.4.
Definitions. For purposes of this Article 6, the following terms shall have
the meanings ascribed to them below:   (a) "Code" shall mean the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and/or, where appropriate, its predecessor,
the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, or any successor thereto.  
(b) "Income Tax Return" means any return, declaration, report, claim
for refund, or information return or statement relating to Income Taxes,
including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment
thereof.   (c) "Income Taxes" means any federal, state, local, or foreign
tax imposed upon or measured by net income, gross income or capital including
any interest, penalty, or additions thereto, whether disputed or not.   (d)
"Non-Income Taxes" means any Taxes other than Income Taxes.   (e) "Post-
Closing Periods" means all taxable periods commencing after the Closing Date
and the portion of any Straddle Period commencing after the Closing Date.  
(f) "Pre-Closing Periods" means all taxable periods ending on or before
the Closing Date and the portion of any Straddle Period ending on or before
the Closing Date.   (g) "Tax Returns" means returns, declarations,
statements, reports, schedules, estimates of Taxes due, forms and information
returns and any amendments thereto required to be filed with any Taxing
Authority.   (h) "Taxes" means (i) all taxes (whether federal, state, local
or foreign) based upon or measured by income and any other tax whatsoever,
including, without limitation, gross receipts, profits, sales, use,
occupation, value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding,
payroll, employment, excise, real estate gains, real estate transfer or
property taxes, together with any interest or penalties or additions to tax
imposed with respect thereto and (ii) any obligations under any agreements or
arrangements with respect to any Taxes described in clause (i) above. Any
Taxes, penalties or interest payable as a result of an audit of any Return or
any other adjustment with respect thereto shall be deemed to have accrued in
the period to which such Taxes, penalties or interest are attributable.  
(i) "Taxing Authority" means any governmental authority, domestic or foreign,
having jurisdiction over the assessment, determination, collection, or other
imposition of Tax.   Section 6.5. Tax Indemnification. Notwithstanding any
other provisions of this Agreement, the Sellers agree to hold the Buyer
Indemnified Parties harmless and indemnify each of them from and against the
liability for Taxes of or attributable to the Selling Companies or the
Acquired Assets (including the Subsidiaries) or the liability of the Selling
Companies or the Acquired Assets (including the Subsidiaries) for Taxes of
others (for example, by reason of transferee liability or application of
Treas. Reg. Section 1.1502-6), including but not limited to the Sellers and
any affiliate of any of the Sellers or any losses including damages,
judgments, fines, costs, penalties, amounts paid in settlement and reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses payable with respect to Taxes claimed or
assessed against the Selling Companies or the Acquired Assets (including the
Subsidiaries) (i) attributable to the Pre-Closing Period or allocated to the
Pre-Closing Period in Section 6.2(b) (except to the extent of the aggregate
amount of Taxes provided for on the Closing Balance Sheet), (ii) resulting
from the satisfaction or cancellation of intercompany accounts pursuant to
Section 4.15 hereof whether by the Buyers, the Sellers or the Subsidiaries,
or (iii) resulting from a breach of any of the representations or warranties
contained in Section 6.1 hereof relating to a Pre-Closing Tax Period (with a
credit for the aggregate amount of Taxes provided for on the Closing Balance
Sheet); provided, however, that under no circumstances shall the
Buyer Indemnified Parties be entitled to assert a claim against the Sellers
with respect to Taxes payable with respect to Post-Closing Periods (except to
the extent of Taxes payable with respect to Post-Closing Periods that arise
out of Sellers\' failure to comply with Section 4.15).   ARTICLE 7 
---------  Conditions to Buyers\' Obligation to Close 
-----------------------------------------   Buyers\' obligation to
consummate the transactions consummated hereby shall be subject to the
satisfaction or waiver by Buyers on or prior to the Closing Date of all of
the following conditions:   Section 7.1. Representations, Warranties and
Covenants of Sellers. The representations and warranties of Sellers in this
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the
Closing Date with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made on and as of such date, except for representations
and warranties that speak as of a specific date or time other than the
Closing Date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of
such date or time. The covenants and agreements of Sellers to be performed on
or before the Closing Date in accordance with this Agreement shall have been
duly performed in all material respects. Buyer shall have received at the
Closing a certificate with respect to the foregoing matters dated the Closing
Date, validly executed on behalf of Sellers, which certificate shall also
state that the security interests in the Acquired Assets and
Assumed Liabilities in connection with any secured credit agreement have, as
of the Closing Date, been released.   Section 7.2. Filings; Consents. All
material assignments, licenses, permits, franchises, landlord consents,
consents, approvals, waivers, authorizations, qualifications and orders of
governmental authorities as are necessary to be obtained by Sellers in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without
limitation compliance with the filing and waiting period requirements of the
HSR Act (the "Required Consents"), which are set forth on Schedule 7.2, shall
have been obtained to the reasonable satisfaction of Buyers.   Section 7.3.
No Injunction. At the Closing Date, no statute, rule, regulation, order,
decree or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
enforced by any court or governmental authority, and there shall be no
pending or threatened litigation by any governmental authority or
third person to restrain or prohibit the transactions contemplated hereby or
to obtain damages or other relief in connection herewith, which causes
Buyers, in good faith and subject to Buyer\'s obligations under Section 4.2
to determine that the transaction has become inadvisable or impractical,
except if Sellers offer reasonable indemnity to Buyers for consummating the
transaction.   Section 7.4. Receipt of Certain Documents. At the Closing
Date, Buyers shall have received each of the following: (a) an opinion from
Sellers\' Counsel reasonably satisfactory to Buyers (which will be addressed
to Buyers), (b) a copy of resolutions of the respective boards of directors
of Sellers, authorizing the transactions contemplated hereby, certified by
the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each such party, and (c) the
affidavit referenced in Section 6.2(e) above.   Section 7.5. UCC Searches.
Evidence of official searches by the Secretary of State of each state in
which the Selling Companies conduct their businesses shall show no effective
financing statements filed under the Uniform Commercial Code against any
material assets of the Selling Companies except as disclosed in this
Agreement or in the Schedules to this Agreement.   Section 7.6. Change of
Name. The Selling Companies shall have provided Buyers with such documents as
are required under pertinent state laws to change the names of the Selling
Companies to names which are dissimilar and unrelated to all corporate and
trade names theretofore used by the Selling Companies.   Section 7.7.
Security Interests. Sellers shall have provided Buyers with evidence that all
mortgages, pledges, liens or other security interests in the Acquired Assets
and Assumed Liabilities (other than Permitted Liens) shall have been
released, or shall be released immediately following Closing.   Section 7.8.
Real Property. With respect to each parcel of real estate owned by the
Selling Companies and included in the Acquired Assets, the Buyer shall have
received a recordable general warranty deed (subject to Permitted Liens) and
proper bill of sale, each in favor of Buyer, with respect to all such real
estate owned by the Selling Companies together with, for all such
real estate, a commitment of a nationally recognized title insurance company
to issue an owner\'s title insurance policy on ALTA 1970 Owner\'s Form B as
revised insuring the fee simple estate of Buyer in each such parcel of real
estate, subject only to Permitted Liens.   Section 7.9. Bill of Sale.
Buyers shall have received a bill of sale in favor of Buyer for all tangible
personal property included within the definition of the term "Acquired
Assets",   Section 7.10 Assignments. Buyer shall have received an
appropriate assignment with respect to all license agreements, Assumed
Contracts, leases, intellectual property, security interests, intangibles and
any other Acquired Assets where an assignment is appropriate to evidence
transfer.   Section 7.11 Shares of Stock. Buyer shall receive all shares of
outstanding stock of the Subsidiaries along with proper stock powers duly
endorsed, along with all corporate minute books, stock transfer ledgers,
articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Subsidiaries.   Section 7.12
Facilities. None of the casegoods facilities of Henredon, nor the three
casegoods facilities of Drexel Heritage, nor the distribution facility of
Drexel Heritage shall have been destroyed or suffered any other
casualty preventing it from being operated.   Section 7.13 Officers and
Directors. Sellers shall provide written resignations of all officers and
directors of the Subsidiaries as shall be designated by Buyers.   ARTICLE
8  ---------  Conditions to Sellers\' Obligation to Close 
------------------------------------------   Sellers\' obligation to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby is subject to the
satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:  
Section 8.1. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Buyers.
The representations and warranties of Buyers in this Agreement shall be true
and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date with the
same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on
and as of such date, except for representations and warranties that speak as
of a specific date or time other than the Closing Date, which shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of such date or time. The covenants
and agreements of Buyers to be performed on or before the Closing Date in
accordance with this Agreement shall have been duly performed in all material
respects. Sellers shall have received at the Closing a certificate with
respect to the foregoing matters dated the Closing Date, validly executed on
behalf of Buyer.   Section 8.2. Filings; Consents. All Required Consents
shall have been obtained and all Guaranties shall have been released or
indemnified pursuant to Section 4.11 to the reasonable satisfaction of
Sellers.   Section 8.3. No Injunction. At the Closing Date, no statute,
rule, regulation, order, decree or injunction shall have been enacted,
entered, promulgated or enforced by any court or governmental authority, and
there shall be no pending or threatened litigation by any governmental
authority or third person to restrain or prohibit the transactions
contemplated hereby or to obtain damages or other relief in connection
herewith, which causes Sellers, in good faith, to determine that the
transaction has become inadvisable or impractical.   Section 8.4. Receipt of
Certain Documents. At the Closing Date, Sellers shall have received each of
the following: (a) an opinion from Buyers\' General Counsel reasonably
satisfactory to Sellers (which will be addressed to Sellers), and (b) a copy
of resolutions of the respective boards of directors of Buyers, including
actions of Furniture Brands International as sole stockholder of Buyer,
authorizing the transactions contemplated hereby, certified by the Secretary
or an Assistant Secretary of each such party.   Section 8.5. Stock Exchange
Listing. The Shares shall have been duly authorized for listing on the New
York Stock Exchange (upon official notice of issuance).   Section 8.6.
Registration Rights Agreement. Buyers and Sellers shall have entered into, or
will enter into at Closing, the Registration Rights Agreement in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 4.3.   ARTICLE 9  ---------  Survival and
Indemnification  ----------------------------   Section 9.1. Survival
Periods. (a) All representations and warranties of the parties contained in
this Agreement or in any Schedule to this Agreement, or any certificate,
document or other instrument delivered in connection herewith shall survive
the Closing until the date twenty-four (24) months after the Closing Date,
except the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 2.2 through
2.7, 2.11, 2.12, and 2.15 through 2.23 shall survive the Closing until twelve
(12) months after the Closing Date and the representations and warranties set
forth in Sections 2.1, 2.24, 3.1 and 3.2 and Article 6 shall survive the
Closing until the expiration of the longest statute of limitations applicable
to each such respective representation and warranty. No action or proceeding
may be brought with respect to any of the representations and warranties,
unless written notice thereof, setting forth in reasonable detail the claimed
misrepresentation or breach of warranty, shall have been delivered to the
party alleged to have breached such representation or warranty prior to the
expiration date of such period.   (b) Notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, Sellers\' obligation and liability for
any and all breaches of the representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement, shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of $22 million (the
"Cap"); provided that Buyers shall not be entitled to indemnification until
the aggregate dollar amount of all such obligations and liabilities for such
breaches shall equal in the aggregate the amount of $4 million (the
"Basket"). Sellers shall be obligated to pay to Buyers any amount in excess
of the Basket up to the Cap. The Cap and Basket set forth in the preceding
sentences shall not apply to Liabilities for Taxes under Article 6 or for
Liabilities under the Retirement Plan.   Section 9.2. Indemnification. (a)
From and after the Closing Date, Buyers shall, jointly and severally,
indemnify and hold harmless Sellers, their affiliates, each of their
respective directors, officers, employees and agents, and each of the heirs,
executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (the "Seller
Indemnified Parties") from and against (i) any Assumed Liabilities, (ii) any
Post-Closing Claims, and (iii) any Liabilities arising from or related to any
breach of any representation or warranty which survives the Closing made by
or on behalf of Buyers under this Agreement or in any Schedule to
this Agreement or any certificate, document or other instrument contemplated
hereby and delivered in connection herewith; provided, however, that
such indemnification shall be net of any and all related tax, insurance or
other benefit received by the Seller Indemnified Parties, and shall be net of
any offset that the Indemnifying Party may have resulting from claims against
the Sellers Indemnified Parties hereunder.   (b) From and after the Closing
Date, Sellers shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless
Buyers, their affiliates, each of their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents, and each of the heirs, executors, successors and
assigns of any of the foregoing (the "Buyer Indemnified Parties"), from and
against (i) any Excluded Liabilities, and (ii) any Liabilities arising from
or related to any breach of any representation or warranty which survives the
Closing made by or on behalf of Sellers under this Agreement or in any
Schedule to this Agreement or any certificate, document or other instrument
contemplated hereby and delivered in connection herewith; provided, however,
that such indemnification shall be net of any and all related tax, insurance
and other benefits received by the Buyer Indemnified Parties, and shall be
net of any offset that the Indemnifying Party may have resulting from claims
against the Buyer Indemnified Parties hereunder; and provided, further, that
this Section 9.2(b) shall not apply to indemnity claims relating to Taxes, as
those claims are governed solely by Section 6.5 above. Buyers
acknowledge that at some time after Closing Sellers may liquidate, and Buyers
agree that Masco Corporation shall have no liability for any indemnity claims
of the Buyer Indemnified Parties hereunder.   Section 9.3. Third Party
Claims. If a claim by a third party is made against an indemnified party, and
if such party intends to seek indemnity with respect thereto under this
Article 9, such indemnified party shall promptly notify the indemnifying
party in writing of such claims setting forth such claims in reasonable
detail. The indemnifying party shall have 30 days after receipt of such
notice to undertake, conduct and control, through counsel of their own
choosing and at their own expense, the settlement or defense thereof, and the
indemnified party shall cooperate with it in connection therewith; provided,
however, that the indemnified party may participate in such settlement or
defense through counsel chosen by such indemnified party, provided that
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be borne by such indemnified
party. So long as the indemnifying party is reasonably contesting any such
claim in good faith, the indemnified party shall not pay or settle any such
claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnified party shall have the
right to pay or settle any such claim, provided that in such event it shall
waive any right to indemnity therefor by the indemnifying party. If the
indemnifying party does not notify the indemnified party within 30 days after
the receipt of the indemnified party\'s notice of a claim of indemnity
hereunder that it elects to undertake the defense thereof, the indemnified
party shall have the right to contest, settle or compromise the claim but
shall not thereby waive any right to indemnity therefor pursuant to this
Agreement. The indemnifying party shall not, except with the consent of the
indemnified party, enter into any settlement that (i) does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the person or persons asserting such
claim to all indemnified parties (i.e. the Seller Indemnified Party or the
Buyer Indemnified Party, as the case may be) of unconditional release from
all liability with respect to such claim or consent to entry of any judgment,
(ii) provides for injunctive relief, and (iii) subjects any indemnified party
to any restrictions or obligations. Any settlement by the indemnifying party
shall not damage the ongoing business of the indemnified party.      
ARTICLE 10  ----------  Termination  -----------   Section 10.1.
Termination. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby may be
terminated and abandoned at any time prior to the Closing Date:   (a) by the
mutual written consent of Sellers and Buyers; or   (b) by either Sellers or
Buyers if the Closing Date shall not have occurred by the close of business
on January 31, 2002 (unless the only unsatisfied condition to Closing is that
the waiting period under the HSR Act shall not have terminated or elapsed);
provided, that the failure to close on or before such date did not result
from the failure by the party seeking termination to fulfill any undertaking
or commitment or to perform any covenant or agreement provided for in this
Agreement, and provided, further, that Sellers and Buyers may agree in
writing to extend such date prior thereto to any subsequent date or
dates approved by Sellers and Buyers; or   (c) by either Sellers or Buyers
if the representations and warranties of the other shall not, except as
affected by transactions contemplated by this Agreement or changes which
individually or in the aggregate shall not have a Material Adverse Effect on
the business, results of operations or financial condition of the Sellers or
Buyers, taken as a whole, be true in all material respects on and as of the
Closing Date with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made on and as of such date and if the other party shall
not have delivered at the Closing a certificate to that effect dated the
Closing Date; or   (d) by either Sellers or Buyers if either of them
determines in good faith that this transaction has become inadvisable by
reason of pending or threatened litigation of a material nature by any
governmental authority or third party to restrain or prohibit the Closing or
to obtain damages or other relief in connection with this transaction or the
Buyers will not obtain HSR approval of the transaction; provided that Buyers
may not terminate this Agreement on these grounds if Buyers have not complied
with their obligations under Section 4.2; or   (e) by either Sellers or
Buyers if any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States or other
United States governmental body shall have issued an order, decree or ruling
or taken any other action restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
transactions contemplated hereby and such order, decree, ruling or other
action shall have become final and non-appealable.   Section 10.2. Procedure
and Effect of Termination. In the event of termination or abandonment of this
Agreement by either or both of Sellers or Buyers pursuant to Section 10.1,
written notice thereof shall be given by the terminating party to the other
party, and this Agreement shall thereupon terminate and become void and have
no effect, and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be abandoned
without further action by the parties, except that the provisions of this
Section and Sections 4.1(b), (c), (d), (e), (f), 4.9 and 11.5 shall survive
the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that such termination
shall not relieve any party of any liability for any breach of any covenant
or agreement contained in this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated,
all filings, applications and other submissions made pursuant to this
Agreement shall, to the extent practicable, be withdrawn from the agency
or other persons to which they were made.   ARTICLE 11  ---------- 
Miscellaneous  -------------   Section 11.1. Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
be an original and all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to
constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement shall become effective
when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other party.   Section 11.2. Governing Law. This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of Delaware (regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under
applicable principles of conflicts of law) as to all matters, including,
without limitation, matters of validity, construction, effect, performance
and remedies.   Section 11.3. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including
agreements incorporated or referred to in this Agreement) and the Schedules
and Exhibits to this Agreement contain the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the purchase and sale of the assets between the
parties hereto and supersedes all other prior negotiations, commitments,
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties or
any of them with respect to said transaction. There are no agreements,
understandings, representations or warranties between the parties other than
those set forth or referred to in this Agreement. This Agreement is not
intended to confer upon any person not a party to this Agreement or their
successors, assigns and holders of any security interests any rights or
remedies hereunder. The Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement shall be
construed with and as an integral part of this Agreement to the same extent
as if the same had been set forth in this Agreement.   Section 11.4. Legal
Enforceability; Construction. (a) Any provision of this Agreement that is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition
or unenforceability without affecting the validity or enforceability of
the remaining provisions hereof. Any such prohibition or unenforceability in
any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as
to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad
as is enforceable.   (b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof
shall be construed for or against any party because the Agreement as a whole,
or any provision of the Agreement, was requested or drafted by such
party.   Section 11.5. Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are
consummated, each party to this Agreement shall bear its own expenses
incident to the preparation, execution, and performance of this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including all fees
and expenses of agents, representatives, counsel and accountants. The
undertakings of this Section 11.5 shall survive any termination or
abandonment of this Agreement.   Section 11.6. Specific Performance. Each of
Buyers on the one hand, and Sellers on the other hand, acknowledge and agree
that failure by the other to perform their obligations under this Agreement
would cause such party or parties to be materially and irreparably injured
and to suffer material loss, and that such injury and loss cannot be fully or
adequately compensated by the payment of money or by an award of damages and
each shall be entitled to the specific performance of this Agreement, in
addition to all other remedies that each might have, and that each of them
will not object to and will not hinder or delay the entry of a decree of
specific performance against it in any action or suit brought under or in
respect of this Agreement.   Section 11.7. Notices. All notices and other
communications hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been
duly given when delivered personally, sent by messenger or by documented
overnight delivery service, mailed by registered or certified mail (return
receipt requested) or, to the extent receipt is confirmed, telecopy, telefax
or other electronic transmission service to the appropriate address or number
as set forth below. Notices to Sellers and, prior to the Closing Date, the
Selling Companies shall be addressed to:   LifeStyle Furnishings
International  4000 LifeStyle Court  High Point, NC 27265  Attn: Ronald J.
Hoffman  Fax No.: (336) 878-7005   with a copy to:   Brooks, Pierce,
McLendon, Humphrey and Leonard, L.L.P.  230 N. Elm Street, Suite 2000 
Renaissance Plaza  Greensboro, NC 27401  Attn: Marc D. Bishop  Fax No.:
(336) 378-1001  or at such other address and to the attention of such other
person as Sellers may designate by written notice to Buyer. Notices to Buyers
shall be addressed to:         Furniture Brands International, Inc. 
101 South Hanley Road, 19th Floor  St. Louis, MO 63105  Attn: Secretary 
Fax No.: 314-863-7047   with a copy to:   Furniture Brands International,
Inc.  Attn: General Counsel  at the same address  or at such other address
and to the attention of such other person as Buyer may designate by written
notice to Sellers.   Section 11.8. Successors and Assigns; No Third Party
Beneficiaries. (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns; provided,
however, that no party will assign its rights or delegate its obligations
under this Agreement, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the
express prior written consent of each other party, except Buyers may assign
its right to purchase the Acquired Assets to a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Buyers so long as Buyers remain liable for all their obligations hereunder
and Sellers may assign any of their rights and obligations hereunder to
parents or Masco Corporation.   (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure solely to the benefit of each party, and, nothing in this Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any third party any
rights, benefits or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of
this Agreement.   Section 11.9. Headings; Definitions. The section and
article headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of
reference only and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. All references to Sections or Articles contained in this Agreement
mean Sections or Articles of this Agreement unless otherwise stated. All
capitalized terms defined in this Agreement are equally applicable to both
the singular and plural forms of such terms. All words used in this Agreement
will be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances
require. As used in this Agreement, the term "person" means and includes an
individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization and a government or any department or agency
thereof. Unless otherwise expressly provided, the word "including" does not
limit the preceding words or terms.   Section 11.10. Construction of Certain
Provisions. It is understood and agreed that the specification of any dollar
amount in the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or
the inclusion of any specific item in the Schedules or Exhibits is not
intended to imply that such amounts or higher or lower amounts, or the items
so included or other items, are or are not material, and neither party shall
use the fact of the setting of such amounts or the fact of the inclusion of
any such item in the Schedules in any dispute or controversy between the
parties as to whether any obligation, item or matter not described in this
Agreement or included in a Schedule or Exhibit is or is not material for
purposes of this Agreement.   Section 11.11. Amendments and Waivers. (a)
This Agreement and the documents related to this Agreement may not be
modified or amended except by an instrument or instruments in writing signed
by the party against whom enforcement of any such modification or amendment
is sought, and expressly stating it to be such amendment.   (b) Neither the
failure nor any delay by any party in exercising any right, power, or
privilege under this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement
will operate as a waiver of such right, power, or privilege, and no single or
partial exercise of any such right, power, or privilege will preclude any
other or further exercise of such right, power, or privilege or the
exercise of any other right, power, or privilege. To the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law, (a) no claim or right arising out of this
Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement can be discharged by
one party, in whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation of the claim or
right unless in writing signed by the other party; (b) no waiver that may be
given by a party will be applicable except in the specific instance for which
it is given; and (c) no notice to or demand on one party will be deemed to be
a waiver of any obligation of such party or of the right of the party giving
such notice or demand to take further action without notice or demand as
provided in this Agreement or the documents referred to in this
Agreement.   (c) At any time prior to the Closing Date, the parties may, to
the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) extend the time or the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other
parties contained in this Agreement or in any document, certificate or
writing delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) waive compliance with any
of the agreements or conditions of the other parties contained in this
Agreement.   Section 11.12. Knowledge. (a) An individual will be deemed to
have "knowledge" of a particular fact or other matter if: (i) such individual
is actually aware of such fact or other matter; or (ii) such individual could
have discovered such fact through a reasonable inquiry concerning the
existence of such fact.   (b) An entity other than an individual will be
deemed to have "knowledge" of a particular fact or other matter if any
individual who is currently serving as an elected officer of such entity (or
in any similar capacity) has, or at any time had, actual knowledge of such
fact or other matter; provided, however that the term "knowledge of the
Sellers" or "knowledge of the Selling Companies" shall not be deemed to
include any actual or deemed knowledge of Pacific or any individual who is an
elected officer of Pacific but is not an elected officer of any other
Seller.   Section 11.13. Bulk Transfer Acts. Buyers hereby waive
Sellers\' noncompliance with any applicable bulk transfer provisions of the
Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in any state, or any other applicable bulk
transfer laws, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Sellers agree to satisfy all creditors that come within the
protection of the bulk transfer provisions and whose debts are not Assumed
Liabilities so that Buyers shall never have to pay any such obligations as a
result of this waiver.        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has
been signed by each of the parties as of the date first above
written.   LifeStyle Furnishings International Ltd. Furniture Brands
International, Inc.   By: /s/ Ronald J. Hoffman By: /s/ David P. Howard 
-------------------------------- --------------------------------  Ronald J.
Hoffman David P. Howard  Its: Vice President and CFO Its: Vice
President   Henredon Furniture Industries, Inc. HDM Furniture Industries,
Inc.   By: /s/ Ronald J. Hoffman By: /s/ David P. Howard 
--------------------------------- ---------------------------------  Ronald
J. Hoffman David P. Howard  Its: Vice President Its: Vice
President   Drexel Heritage Furnishings Inc.   By: /s/ Ronald J.
Hoffman  ----------------------------------  Ronald J. Hoffman  Its: Vice
President  Maitland-Smith, Inc.   By: /s/ Ronald J. Hoffman 
------------------------------------  Ronald J. Hoffman  Its: Vice
President   Maitland-Smith Pacific, Ltd.   By: /s/ Ronald J. Hoffman 
--------------------------------------  Ronald J. Hoffman  Its: Vice
President      '

