ibit 2.1    EXECUTION COPY     
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    BY AND AMONG    TYCO ACQUISITION CORP.
VI (NV),    EVM MERGER CORP.    AND    MALLINCKRODT INC.   
INCLUDING    GUARANTEE    OF    TYCO INTERNATIONAL LTD.    JUNE
28, 2000     TABLE OF CONTENTS  Page   ARTICLE I THE MERGER . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6  Section 1.1 The Merger . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6  Section 1.2 Effective Time . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . 7  Section 1.3 Effect of the Merger . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . 7  Section 1.4 Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws . . . . . .
. . . 7  Section 1.5 Directors and Officers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8  Section 1.6 Effect on Securities, Etc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 
Section 1.7 Exchange of Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 
Section 1.8 Stock Transfer Books . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 
Section 1.9 No Further Ownership Rights in Company  Common Stock . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13  Section 1.10 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed
Certificates . . . . . . . . 13  Section 1.11 Tax Consequences . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . 13  Section 1.12 Taking of Necessary Action; Further
Action . . . . . . 13  ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY . . . . . . . 14  Section 2.1 Organization and Qualification;
Subsidiaries;  Material Adverse Effect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 
Section 2.2 Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws . . . . . . . 16 
Section 2.3 Capitalization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 
Section 2.4 Authority Relative to This Agreement . . . . . . . . . 17 
Section 2.5 Material Contracts; No Conflict; Required Filings  and Consents .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18  Section 2.6 Compliance; Permits . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20  Section 2.7 SEC Filings; Financial
Statements . . . . . . . . . . 21  Section 2.8 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events . . . . . . . . . 21  Section 2.9 No Undisclosed Liabilities . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . 22  Section 2.10 Absence of Litigation . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . 22  Section 2.11 Employee Benefit Plans; Employment Agreements .
. . . 22  Section 2.12 Employment and Labor Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . .
29  Section 2.13 Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus . . 30 
Section 2.14 Restrictions on Business Activities . . . . . . . . . 31 
Section 2.15 Title to Property . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31 
Section 2.16 Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31 
Section 2.17 Environmental Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33 
Section 2.18 Brokers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35 
Section 2.19 Intellectual Property . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35 
Section 2.20 Interested Party Transactions . . . . . . . . . . . . 37 
Section 2.21 Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37 
Section 2.22 Product Liability and Recalls . . . . . . . . . . . . 37 
Section 2.23 Opinion of Financial Advisor . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38   
-i-    ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB
. . 38   Section 3.1 Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries . . . . .
38  Section 3.2 Capitalization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39 
Section 3.3 Authority Relative to this Agreement . . . . . . . . . 40 
Section 3.4 No Conflicts; Required Filings and Consents . . . . . 40  Section
3.5 Compliance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41  Section 3.6
SEC Filings; Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . 42  Section 3.7 Absence
of Certain Changes or Events . . . . . . . . . 42  Section 3.8 No Undisclosed
Liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43  Section 3.9 Absence of Litigation
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43  Section 3.10 Registration Statement;
Proxy Statement/Prospectus . . 43  Section 3.11 Brokers . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . 44  Section 3.12 Ownership of Parent and Merger Sub .
. . . . . . . . . 45  Section 3.13 No Prior Activities . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . 45  Section 3.14 Ownership Interest in the Company . . . . . . .
. . . 45  Section 3.15 No Vote Required . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
45  ARTICLE IV CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER . . . . . . . . . .
45  Section 4.1 Conduct of Business by the Company . . . . . . . . . . 45 
Section 4.2 No Solicitation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49  Section
4.3 Conduct of Business by Guarantor . . . . . . . . . . . 52  ARTICLE V
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53  Section 5.1
Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement . . 53  Section 5.2
Company Shareholders Meeting . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55  Section 5.3 Access
to Information; Confidentiality . . . . . . . . 55  Section 5.4 Consents;
Approvals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55  Section 5.5 Agreements with
Respect to Affiliates . . . . . . . . 56  Section 5.6 Indemnification and
Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . 57  Section 5.7 Notification of Certain
Matters . . . . . . . . . . . 58  Section 5.8 Further Action/Tax Treatment .
. . . . . . . . . . . . 59  Section 5.9 Public Announcements . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . 60  Section 5.10 Guarantor Common Shares . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . 60  Section 5.11 Stock Options and ESPP . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . 60  Section 5.12 Certain Employee Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
62  Section 5.13 Redemption of the Surviving Preferred Stock . . . . . 63 
Section 5.14 Accountants Letters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63 
Section 5.15 Compliance with State Property Transfer Statutes . . . 64 
Section 5.16 Conveyance Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
64  ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
64  Section 6.1 Conditions to Obligation of Each Party to Effect the  Merger
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64  Section 6.2 Additional
Conditions to Obligations of Parent and  Merger Sub . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . 66  Section 6.3 Additional Conditions to Obligation of the
Company . . 67    -ii-    ARTICLE VII TERMINATION . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . 68   Section 7.1 Termination . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . 68  Section 7.2 Effect of Termination . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . 71  Section 7.3 Fees and Expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . 71  ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . 73  Section 8.1 Effectiveness of Representations, Warranties and 
Agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73  Section 8.2 Notices
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74  Section 8.3 Certain
Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75  Section 8.4 Amendment . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76  Section 8.5 Waiver . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77  Section 8.6 Headings . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . 77  Section 8.7 Severability . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . 77  Section 8.8 Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . 77  Section 8.9 Assignment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . 77  Section 8.10 Parties in Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
78  Section 8.11 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies  Cumulative . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78  Section 8.12 Governing Law;
Jurisdiction . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78  Section 8.13 Counterparts . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78  Section 8.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78  Section 8.15 Performance of Obligations . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . 79                           
-iii-     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of June 28, 2000, among
Tyco Acquisition Corp. VI (NV) ("Parent"), a Nevada corporation and a wholly
owned first tier subsidiary of Tyco International Ltd., a Bermuda company
("Guarantor"), EVM Merger Corp., a New York corporation and a wholly owned
first-tier subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and Mallinckrodt Inc., a New
York corporation ("the Company").   W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, the
Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have each
determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of their respective
shareholders, and consistent with and in furtherance of their respective
business strategies and goals, for Parent to acquire all of the outstanding
shares of the Company through the merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;  
WHEREAS, in furtherance of such combination, the Boards of Directors of
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have each adopted this Agreement providing
for the merger (the "Merger") of Merger Sub with and into the Company in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Business Corporation Law of
the State of New York (the "NYBCL"), and upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
intend, by approving resolutions authorizing this Agreement, to adopt this
Agreement as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder (the "Code") and that the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement be undertaken pursuant to such plan;   WHEREAS, Parent,
Merger Sub and the Company intend that the Merger be accounted for as a
purchase for financial reporting purposes;   WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Merger, each outstanding share (a "Share") of the Company\'s common stock,
par value $1.00 per share (the "Company Common Stock"), shall be converted
into the right to receive the Merger Consideration (as defined in Section
1.07(b)), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;
and   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, and as a condition to the Company\'s willingness to enter
into this Agreement, Guarantor has agreed fully and unconditionally to
guarantee the    -1-    representations, warranties, covenants,
agreements and other obligations of Parent and Merger Sub in this Agreement
(the "Guarantee");   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company hereby agree as
follows:  Definitions:   "Acquisition Proposal" is defined in Section
4.02(a).   "Adjusted Option" is defined in Section 1.06.   "Adjustment
Election" is defined in Section 7.01(j).   "Affiliate" is defined in Section
8.03.   "Affiliate Plan" is defined in Section 2.11(a)   "Agreement" is
defined in preamble.   "Alternative Transaction" is defined in Section
4.02(a).   "Alternative Transaction Condition" is defined in Section
7.03(b).   "Average Share Price" is defined in Section 1.06(a)   "2000
Balance Sheet" is defined in Section 2.09.   "business day" is defined in
Section 8.03.   "Certificates" is defined in Section 1.06(f).  
"Certificate of Merger" is defined in Section 1.02.   "Closing Conditions
Satisfaction Date" is defined in Section  1.06(a).   "COBRA" is defined in
Section 2.11(b).   "Code" is defined in the preamble.   "Company" is
defined in the preamble.   "Company Charter Documents" is defined in Section
2.02.   "Company Common Stock" is defined in preamble.   -2-    
"Company Disclosure Schedule" is defined in Section 2.01.   "Company
Employee Plan" is defined in Section 2.11(a).   "Company Financial Advisors"
is defined in Section 2.18.   "Company ESPP" is defined in Section
1.06(c).   "Company Intellectual Property Assets" is defined in Section 
2.19(a)   "Company Option Plans" is defined in Section 1.06(c).   "Company
Permits" is defined in Section 2.06(b).   "Company Preferred Stock" is
defined in Section 2.03.   "Company SEC Documents" is defined in Section
2.03.   "Company Shareholders Meeting" is defined in Section 2.04(c).  
"Company Stock Options" is defined in Section 1.06(c).   "Confidentiality
Agreements" is defined in section 5.03.   "control" is defined in Section
8.3.   "Covered Persons" is defined in Section 5.06(c).   "DandO; Insurance"
is defined in Section 5.06(d).   "Daily Per Share Price" is defined in
Section 1.06(a).   "Defined Benefit Plan" is defined in Section 2.11(e).  
"DOL" is defined in Section 2.11(a).   "dollars" or "$" is defined in
Section 8.3.   "Employee Benefits Supplemental Disclosure Schedule" is
defined in  Section 2.11(a).   "ERISA" is defined in Section 2.11(a).  
"Exchange Act" is defined in Section 2.05.   "Exchange Agent" is defined in
Section 1.07(a).   -3-     "Exchange Ratio" is defined in Section
1.06(a).   "Effective Time" is defined in Section 1.02.   "Environmental
Claim" is defined in Section 2.17(e).   "Environmental Law" is defined in
Section 2.17(e).   "Environmental Health and Safety Laws" is defined in
Section  2.05(c).   "Expenses" is defined in section 7.03(b).   "Floor
Price" is defined in Section 7.03(b)(i)(B)   "Fee" is defined in section
7.03(b).   "GAAP" is defined in Section 2.07(b).   "Governmental
Authority" is defined in Section 2.05(c).   "Guarantee" is defined in the
preamble.   "Guarantor" is defined in the preamble.   "Guarantor Charter
Documents" is defined in Section 3.01(a).   "Guarantor Common Shares" is
defined in Section 1.06.   "Guarantor Preferred Shares" is defined in
Section 3.02(a).   "Guarantor 1999 Form 10-K" is defined in Section
3.01(b).   "Guarantor SEC Documents" is defined in Section 3.05.   "2000
Guarantor Balance Sheet" is defined in Section 3.08.   "HSR Act" is defined
in Section 2.05(c).   "Indemnified Parties" is defined in section
5.06(b).   "Intellectual Property Assets" is defined in Section 2.19(a).  
"IRS" is defined in Section 2.11(b).   "ISO" is defined in Section
2.11(c).    -4-     "knowledge" is defined in Section 8.03.  
"Material Adverse Effect" is defined in Section 2.01(b).   "Materials of
Environmental Concern" is defined in Section 2.17(e).   "Meeting Average
Share Price" is defined in Section 7.03(b).   "Merger" is defined in the
preamble.   "Merger Consideration" is defined in Section 1.07(b).  
"Merger Sub" is defined in the preamble.   "Non-U.S. Monopoly Laws" is
defined in Section 2.05(c).   "NYBCL" is defined in the preamble.   "NYSE"
is defined in Section 1.06(a).   "Parent" is defined in the preamble.  
"Parent Disclosure Schedule" is defined in Section 3.01(b).   "PBGC" is
defined in Section 2.11(b).   "person" is defined in Section 8.03.  
"Proxy Statement Prospectus" is defined in Section 2.13(a).   "Registration
Statement" is defined in Section 2.13.   "SEC" is defined in Section
2.03.   "Securities Act" is defined in Section 2.05(c).   "Series
Preferred Stock" is defined in Section 2.03.   "Share" is defined in the
preamble.   "Subsidiary Documents" is defined in Section 2.02.   "Superior
Proposal" is defined in Section 4.02(a).   "Surviving Corporation" is
defined in Section 1.01.     -5-     "Surviving Company Preferred
Stock" is defined in Section  1.06(a)(ii).   "Tax" is defined in Section
2.16(b).   "Tax Return" is defined in Section 2.16(b).   "Terminating
Breach" is defined in Section 7.01(h).   "Terminating Change" is defined in
Section 7.01(g).   "Terminating Misrepresentation" is defined in Section
7.01(f).   "Termination Notice" is defined in Section 7.01(j).   "Third
Party" is defined in Section 4.02(a).   "Third Party Intellectual Property
Assets" is defined in Section  2.19(c).   ARTICLE I  THE MERGER  
Section 1.01 The Merger. (a) At the Effective Time, and subject to and upon
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the NYBCL, Merger Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company, the separate corporate existence of Merger
Sub shall cease, and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation
(hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Surviving Corporation").  
Section 1.02 Effective Time. Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated
and the transactions herein contemplated shall have been abandoned pursuant
to Section 7.01, as promptly as practicable (and in any event within two
business days) after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth
in Article VI, the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by
filing a properly executed agreement or certificate of merger as contemplated
by the NYBCL (the "Certificate of Merger"), together with any required
related certificates, with the Secretary of State of the State of New York,
in such form as required by, and executed in accordance with the relevant
provisions of, the NYBCL; provided, however, that, unless the parties shall
agree otherwise, if the Average Share Price is less than the Floor Price and
Parent delivers a Termination Notice, the Merger shall not be consummated
prior to the fourth business day following the Closing
Conditions Satisfaction Date. The Merger shall become effective at the time
of such filing or at such later time, which will be as soon as
reasonably practicable, specified in the Certificate of Merger (the
"Effective Time"). Prior to such filing, a closing shall be held at the
offices of Kramer Levin   -6-    Naftalis and Frankel LLP, 919 Third
Avenue, New York, NY, unless another time or place is agreed to in writing by
the parties hereto, for the purpose of confirming the satisfaction or waiver,
as the case may be, of the conditions set forth in Article VI.   Section
1.03 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement, the Certificate of Merger and the
applicable provisions of the NYBCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall
vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of
the Company and Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of
the Surviving Corporation.   Section 1.04 Certificate of Incorporation;
Bylaws. (a) At the Effective Time, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall
be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended as provided by law and such Certificate of Incorporation
of the Surviving Corporation; provided, however, that at the Effective Time,
Article Ninth of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation shall be amended to read in its entirety: "The number of
directors of the Corporation, exclusive of directors, if any, to be elected
by holders of 4% Cumulative Preferred Stock or the holders of one or more
series of Series Preferred Stock pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 2 of
Section (a) or Paragraph 3 of Section (b), respectively of ARTICLE THIRD
herein, shall not be less than three nor more than nine."; and Article Tenth
and Article Eleventh of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company shall
be deleted.   (b) At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended.   Section 1.05 Directors
and Officers. The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to
hold office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws
of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving
Corporation, in each case until their respective successors are duly elected
or appointed and qualified.   Section 1.06 Effect on Securities, Etc. At the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders of any securities of the
Company:   (a) Conversion of Securities. (i) Each Share issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (excluding any Shares
to   -7-    be canceled pursuant to Section 1.06(b)) shall be converted,
subject to Sections 1.06 (e) and (f), into the right to receive from Parent
that number of fully paid and nonassessable common shares of Guarantor, par
value U.S. $0.20 per share (the "Guarantor Common Shares") equal to the
Exchange Ratio.   For purposes of this Agreement:   "Average Share Price"
means the average (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) of the Daily Per Share
Prices for the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day
immediately preceding the date (the "Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date")
on which all the conditions (excluding conditions that, by their terms,
cannot be satisfied until immediately prior to the Effective Time, so long as
it is reasonably apparent that such conditions will be able to be satisfied
at or prior to the Effective Time) set forth in Article VI shall have been
satisfied or waived.   "Daily Per Share Price" for any trading day means the
volume- weighted average (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) of the per share
selling price of Guarantor Common Shares for that day, as reported on the
Composite Transaction Tape of the NYSE.   "Exchange Ratio" means $47.50
divided by the Average Share Price, subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 7.01(j).   "NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange.   (ii) Each
issued and outstanding share of the Company Preferred Stock shall from and
after the Effective Time, represent a fully paid and non-assessable share of
4% Cumulative Preferred Stock of the Surviving Corporation, par value $100
per share (the "Surviving Company Preferred Stock").   (b) Cancellation.
Each Share held in the treasury of the Company and each Share owned by
Guarantor, Parent, Merger Sub or any direct or indirect, wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company or Guarantor immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holder thereof, cease to be outstanding, be canceled and retired without
payment of any consideration therefor and cease to exist.   (c) Stock
Options; Employee Stock Purchase Plan. At the Effective Time, all options or
rights ("Company Stock Options") to purchase Company Common Stock then
outstanding, whether under (i) the Company\'s 1973 Stock Option Plan, as
amended, (ii) the Company\'s 1981 Stock Option Plan, as amended, (iii) the
Company\'s Directors\' Stock Option Plan, (iv) the Company\'s Equity
Incentive Plan, (iv) the Company\'s Nellcor Incorporated 1994
Equity Incentive Plan or (vi) otherwise (together, the "Company Option
Plans"),   -8-    shall be treated in accordance with Section 5.11 of
this Agreement. Rights outstanding under the Company\'s Employee Stock
Purchase Plan or any similar U.S. or non-U.S. plan (the "Company ESPP") shall
be treated as set forth in Section 5.11 of this Agreement.   (d) Capital
Stock of Merger Sub. Each share of common stock, $0.01 par value per share,
of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be converted into and exchanged for 700,000 issued, fully paid and
nonassessable shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the
Surviving Corporation.   (e) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio etc. If, during
the period between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, any
change in the outstanding shares of capital stock of Guarantor or the Company
shall occur, including by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization,
stock split or combination, exchange or readjustment of shares, or any stock
dividend thereon with a record date during such period, the Exchange Ratio,
Floor Price, the Merger Consideration and any other amounts payable pursuant
to the Merger or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement shall be
appropriately adjusted.   (f) Fractional Shares. No certificates or scrip
representing less than one Guarantor Common Share shall be issued in exchange
for Shares upon the surrender for exchange of a certificate which immediately
prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Shares (the
"Certificates"). In lieu of any such fractional share, each holder of Shares
who would otherwise have been entitled to a fraction of a Guarantor Common
Share upon surrender of Certificates for exchange shall be paid upon such
surrender (and after taking into account all certificates surrendered by such
holder) cash (without interest) in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Average Share Price.   Section 1.07 Exchange of Shares.
(a) Exchange Agent. Parent shall cause to be supplied to or for such bank or
trust company as shall be designated by Parent and shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Company (the "Exchange Agent"), in trust for the benefit of
the holders of Company Common Stock, as needed for exchange and payment in
accordance with this Section 1.07 through the Exchange Agent, certificates
evidencing the Guarantor Common Shares issuable pursuant to Section 1.06(a),
the cash to be paid in lieu of fractional shares in exchange for outstanding
Shares pursuant to Section 1.06(f) and the cash or other property in respect
of any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.07(c).
Each certificate representing shares of Company Preferred Stock after the
Effective Time shall represent an equal number of Surviving Company Preferred
Stock without any additional action by the holder thereof.    
-9-     (b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable
after the Effective Time, Parent will cause the Exchange Agent to mail to
each holder of record of Certificates (i) a letter of transmittal (which
shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to
the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have such other provisions
as Parent may reasonably specify), and (ii) instructions to effect the
surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the certificates evidencing
Guarantor Common Shares and cash in lieu of fractional shares. Upon surrender
of a Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent together with such
letter of transmittal, duly executed, and such other customary documents as
may be required pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor solely (A)
certificates evidencing that number of whole Guarantor Common Shares which
such holder has the right to receive in accordance with Section 1.06(a) in
respect of the Shares formerly evidenced by such Certificate and (B) cash in
respect of fractional shares as provided in Section 1.06(f) (the Guarantor
Common Shares and cash in respect of fractional shares being referred to,
collectively, as the "Merger Consideration"), except that Shares held at the
Effective Time in book-entry form shall be exchanged for Merger Consideration
in accordance with the customary procedures of the Depository Trust
Company.   The holder of such Certificate, upon its exchange for
Guarantor Common Shares, shall also receive any dividends or other
distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.07(c).
Certificates surrendered shall forthwith be canceled following the Effective
Time. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Shares which is not
registered in the transfer records of the Company as of the Effective Time,
the Merger Consideration, dividends and distributions may be issued and paid
in accordance with this Article I to a transferee if the Certificate
evidencing such Shares is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all
documents required to evidence and effect such transfer pursuant to this
Section 1.07(b) and by evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have
been paid. Until so surrendered, each outstanding Certificate that, prior to
the Effective Time, represented Shares will be deemed from and after
the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, other than the payment
of dividends or other distributions, to evidence the ownership of the number
of full Guarantor Common Shares, and cash in respect of fractional shares,
into which such Shares shall have been so converted.   (c) Distributions
with Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other distributions
declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to Guarantor Common
Shares with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the
holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the Guarantor Common
Shares such holder is entitled to receive until the holder of such
Certificate shall surrender such Certificate   -10-    in accordance
with the provisions of Section 1.07(b). Subject to applicable law, following
surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be paid to the record holder
of the certificates representing whole Guarantor Common Shares issued in
exchange therefor, without interest, at the time of such surrender, the
amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after
the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole Guarantor
Common Shares.   (d) Transfers of Ownership. If any certificate for
Guarantor Common Shares is to be issued in a name other than that in which
the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it will be
a condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificate so surrendered
shall be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that
the person requesting such exchange shall have paid to Parent or any
agent designated by it any transfer or other taxes required by reason of
the issuance of a certificate for Guarantor Common Shares in any name other
than that of the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or
establish to the satisfaction of Parent or any agent designated by it that
such tax has been paid or is not payable.   (e) Escheat. Neither Parent,
Merger Sub nor the Company nor any of their respective affiliates shall be
liable to any holder of Company Common Stock for any Merger Consideration
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar law.   (f) Withholding Rights. The Exchange Agent shall
be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Merger Consideration otherwise
payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Company Common Stock, and
from any cash dividends or other distributions that the holder is entitled to
receive under Section 1.07(c), such amounts as the Exchange Agent is required
to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the
Code, or any provision of state, local or non-United States tax law. To the
extent that amounts are so withheld by the Exchange Agent, such portion of
the Merger Consideration and other such amounts payable under Section 1.07(c)
that are withheld shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been received by the holder of the Shares in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made by the Exchange Agent.   (g)
Undistributed Certificates. Any portion of the certificates evidencing the
Guarantor Common Shares, the cash to be paid in lieu of fractional shares and
the cash or other property in respect of dividends or other distributions
supplied to the Exchange Agent which remains undistributed to the holders of
the Certificates for one year after the Effective Time shall be delivered to
Parent, upon demand, and any holders of the Certificates who have not
theretofore complied with this Section 1.07 shall thereafter look only to
Parent for payment of their claim for Merger    -11-    Consideration
and any dividends or distributions with respect to Guarantor Common
Shares.   Section 1.08 Stock Transfer Books. At the Effective Time,
the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and there shall be
no further registration of transfers of the Company Common Stock thereafter
on the records of the Company.   Section 1.09 No Further Ownership Rights
in Company Common Stock. The Merger Consideration delivered upon the
surrender for exchange of Shares in accordance with the terms hereof shall be
deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to
such Shares, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on the
records of the Surviving Corporation of Shares which were outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any reason, they
shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article I.   Section
1.10 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any Certificates
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in
exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of
an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, such Merger Consideration
and any dividends or other distributions as may be required pursuant to this
Article I; provided, however, that Parent may, in its discretion and as a
condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may
reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against
Guarantor, Parent or the Exchange Agent with respect to the Certificates
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   Section 1.11 Tax
Consequences. It is intended by the parties hereto that the Merger shall
constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
The parties hereto hereby adopt this Agreement as a "plan of reorganization"
within the meaning of Sections 1.368- 2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United
States Treasury Regulations.   Section 1.12 Taking of Necessary Action;
Further Action. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company will take, and
cause their affiliates to take, all such reasonable and lawful actions as may
be necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with this Agreement
as promptly as possible. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any such
further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and
possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of the Company and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of the Company and
Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time are fully authorized in
the name   -12-    of their respective corporations or otherwise to
take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary action.   ARTICLE II 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   The Company hereby
represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:   Section 2.01
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries; Material Adverse Effect.  
(a) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is an entity duly organized,
validly existing and (to the extent the concept of good standing exists in
the applicable jurisdiction) in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its organization and has the requisite corporate or
other power and authority necessary to own, lease and operate the properties
it purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing
and in good standing or to have such power or authority would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and
its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to
do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the
character of its properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of
its activities makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for
such failures to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing that
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. A true
and complete list of all of the Company\'s subsidiaries is included as an
exhibit to the Company\'s 1999 Annual Report on Form 10-K. A list of all
subsidiaries of the Company together with the jurisdiction of organization of
each such subsidiary and the percentage of each such subsidiary\'s
outstanding capital stock owned by the Company or another subsidiary of the
Company (in the case of any non-U.S. subsidiaries, without giving effect to
any qualifying share ownerships of less than 1%) is contained in Section 2.01
of the written disclosure schedule previously delivered by the Company to the
Parent (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"). Except as set forth in Section
2.01 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns any
equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or similar interest in, any
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business association or
entity (other than its wholly-owned subsidiaries), with respect to which
interest the Company or a subsidiary has invested (and currently owns) or is
required to invest $5 million or more, excluding securities in any publicly-
traded company held for investment by the Company and comprising less than
five-percent of the outstanding stock of such company.    -13-     (b)
When used in connection with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, the term "Material
Adverse Effect" means any change, effect or circumstance that is or is
reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, assets (including
intangible assets), financial condition or results of operations of the
Company and its subsidiaries or Guarantor and its subsidiaries, as the case
may be, in each case taken as a whole; provided, however, that the following
shall be excluded from the definition of Material Adverse Effect and from any
determination as to whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or may
occur: changes, effects or circumstances, that are applicable to (A) the
healthcare, pharmaceutical or medical device industries generally, (B) the
United States securities markets generally, (C) personnel and other changes
customarily attendant to transactions of the type contemplated by this
Agreement and (D) changes in economic, regulatory or political conditions
generally.   (c) The failure of a representation or warranty to be true
and correct, either individually or together with the failure of
other representations or warranties to be true and correct, or the failure
to perform an obligation, agreement or covenant shall be deemed to have
a Material Adverse Effect if (x) the business, assets (including
intangible assets), financial condition, or results of operations of the
Company and its subsidiaries, or of Guarantor and its subsidiaries, as the
case may be, in each case taken as a whole, are or are reasonably likely to
be materially worse than if such representation or warranty had been true and
correct or such obligation, agreement or covenant had been performed,
excluding, however, the effects of the changes specified in the proviso set
forth in Section 2.01(b), (y) in the case of the Company, such representation
or warranty materially misstates the capitalization of the Company and/or
its subsidiaries or (z) the failure of such representation or warranty to be
true and correct or the failure to perform such obligation, agreement or
covenant materially and adversely affects the ability of the Company or
Parent, Merger Sub and Guarantor as the case may be, timely to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, in the case of Guarantor,
the Guarantee.   Section 2.02 Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws. The
Company has heretofore made available to Parent a complete and correct copy
of its Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws as amended to date
(the "Company Charter Documents"), and will make available to Parent, as
promptly as practicable, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws (or
equivalent organizational documents) of each of its subsidiaries reasonably
requested by Parent (the "Subsidiary Documents"). All such Company Charter
Documents and Subsidiary Documents are in full force and effect. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any of the provisions
of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or equivalent
organizational documents, except for violations of the documents which do not
and are not reasonably likely to materially interfere with the operations of
such entity.   -14-     Section 2.03 Capitalization. The authorized
capital stock of the Company consists of 300,000,000 shares of the Company
Common Stock and 1,400,000 shares of Series Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share (the "Series Preferred Stock") and 100,000 shares of 4% Cumulative
Preferred Stock, par value $100 per share (the "Company Preferred Stock"). As
of June 26, 2000, (i) 67,224,459 shares of the Company Common Stock were
issued and outstanding, all of which are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable (excluding treasury shares which are issued but
not outstanding all of which are not entitled to vote) and none of which were
issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights, (ii) no shares of the
Company Common Stock were held by subsidiaries of the Company, (iii)
8,028,813 shares of the Company Common Stock were reserved for existing
grants and 4,983,240 shares were reserved for future grants pursuant to the
Company Stock Option Plans, and (iv) 1,479,882 shares of the Company Common
Stock were reserved and available for future issuance pursuant to the Company
ESPP. There are 98,330 shares of the Company Preferred Stock issued and
outstanding, all of which are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and there are no outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock. Except as set
forth in Section 2.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no change in such
capitalization has occurred since June 26, 2000, except for changes resulting
from the exercise or termination of Company Stock Options or transactions
pursuant to the Company ESPP. Except as set forth in Section 2.01, this
Section 2.03 or Section 2.11 or in Section 2.03 or Section 2.11 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, there are no
options, warrants or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of
any character binding on the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to
the issued or unissued capital stock of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue or
sell any shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the
Company or any of its subsidiaries. All shares of the Company Common Stock
subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions
specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, shall be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and nonassessable.   Except as
disclosed in Section 2.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents (the "Company SEC
Documents") filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC") since June 30, 1997 and prior to the date of this Agreement, there
are no obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of the
Company Common Stock or the capital stock of any subsidiary. Except as
disclosed in Section 2.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company
SEC Documents, there are no obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to provide funds to or make any investment
(in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any such
subsidiary or any other entity other than guarantees of bank obligations of
subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of business. Except as  
-15-    set forth in Section 2.01 or 2.03 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, all of the outstanding shares of capital stock (other than
directors\' qualifying shares) of each of the Company\'s subsidiaries are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and nonassessable, and all such
shares (other than directors\' qualifying shares and a de minimis number of
shares owned by employees of such subsidiaries) are owned by the Company or
another subsidiary free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims,
pledges, agreements, limitations in the Company\'s voting rights, charges or
other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.   Section 2.04 Authority
Relative to This Agreement.   (a) The Company has all necessary corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been
duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions so contemplated (other than
the adoption of this Agreement by the Company\'s shareholders in accordance
with the NYBCL and the Company Charter Documents and the filings and
recording of appropriate merger documents as required by the NYBCL).   (b)
Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties in Section 3.14,
the provisions of Section 912 of the NYBCL and Article 11, Section 1 of the
Company\'s Restated Certificate of Incorporation will not apply to the
Merger.   (c) As of the date hereof, the Board of Directors of the
Company has unanimously (i) determined that it is advisable and in the best
interest of the Company\'s shareholders for the Company to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the Merger upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement, (ii) adopted this Agreement in accordance with
the applicable provisions of the NYBCL, and (iii) recommended the adoption of
this Agreement by holders of the Company Common Stock and directed that this
Agreement be submitted for consideration by the Company\'s shareholders at
the meeting of the shareholders of the Company to consider the Merger
Agreement (the "Company Shareholders Meeting"). This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub of
this Agreement and/or the Guarantee hereof, as applicable, constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against each
of them in accordance with its terms.   Section 2.05 Material Contracts; No
Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. (a) Subject to the following
sentence, Section 2.05(a) of the   -16-    Company Disclosure Schedule
includes, as of the date hereof, a list of (i) other than intercompany, all
loan agreements, indentures, mortgages, pledges, conditional sale or title
retention agreements, security agreements, guaranties, standby letters of
credit (to which the Company or any subsidiary is the responsible party),
equipment leases or lease purchase agreements, each in an amount equal to or
exceeding $10,000,000 to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of them is bound; (ii) all contracts, agreements,
commitments or other understandings or arrangements to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their
respective properties or assets are bound or affected, but excluding
contracts, agreements, commitments or other understandings or arrangements
entered into in the ordinary course of business and involving, in the case of
any such contact, agreement, commitment, or other understanding or
arrangement, individual payments or receipts by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries of less than $5,000,000 over the term of such contract,
commitment, agreement, or other understanding or arrangement; and (iii) all
agreements which are required to be filed as "material contracts" with the
SEC pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the SEC\'s rules and regulations thereunder (the "Exchange Act")
but have not been so filed with the SEC. With regard to agreements for the
purchase or sale of raw materials or inventory in the ordinary course of
business and licensing or royalty arrangements, the threshold referred to in
clause (ii) of the preceding sentence shall be measured on an annual
basis.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.05(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by
the Company does not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Company
will not, (i) conflict with or violate the Company Charter Documents or
the Subsidiary Documents, (ii) conflict with or violate any law,
rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or by which its or any of their respective properties is
bound or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or impair the Company\'s or any of its subsidiaries\' rights
or alter the rights or obligations of any third party under, or give to
others any rights of, or cause any, termination, amendment, redemption,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or
encumbrance on (including a right to purchase) any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, credit facility, contract, agreement, lease, license,
permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective properties is bound
or affected, except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii), for any
such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences that
would not    -17-    reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company does not, and the performance of
this Agreement by the Company will not, require any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any
governmental, administrative or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign
(each, a "Governmental Authority"), except (i) for applicable requirements,
if any, of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations of the SEC thereunder (the "Securities Act"), the Exchange Act,
state securities laws, the pre-merger notification requirements of the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder (the "HSR Act"), and the NYSE; filings and
consents under any applicable non-United States laws intended to prohibit,
restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization
or restraint of trade ("Non-U.S. Monopoly Laws"); filings and consents as may
be required under any environmental, health or safety law or regulation
pertaining to any notification, disclosure or required approval triggered by
the Merger or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
("Environmental, Health and Safety Laws"); and the filing and recordation of
appropriate merger or other documents as required by the NYBCL, (ii) where
the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or
to make such filings or notifications, would not prevent or materially delay
consummation of the Merger, or otherwise prevent or materially delay the
Company from performing its material obligations under this Agreement, or
would not otherwise reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) as to which any necessary
consents, approvals, authorizations, permits, filings or notifications have
heretofore been obtained or filed, as the case may be, by the Company.  
Section 2.06 Compliance; Permits. (a) Except as disclosed in Section 2.06(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or
violation of, (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which its or any
of their respective properties is bound or affected or (ii) any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise
or other instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
its or any of their respective properties is bound or affected, except for
any such conflicts, defaults or violations which would not reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect. To the Company\'s knowledge, no investigation by any Governmental
Authority with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries is pending
or threatened, except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents.   
-18-     (b) Except as disclosed in Section 2.06(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, the Company and
its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, easements, variances,
exemptions, consents, certificates, orders and approvals from governmental
authorities which are material to the operation of the business of the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as it is now being conducted
(collectively, the "Company Permits"), except where the failure to hold such
the Company Permits would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its
subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Company Permits, except
as described in the Company SEC Documents or where the failure to so comply
would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   Section 2.07 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.
(a) The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents (including all exhibits to the Company SEC Documents) required to
be filed with the SEC since June 30, 1997. Except as disclosed in Section
2.07 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, such
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents (i) were prepared
in all material respects in accordance with the applicable requirements of
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (ii) did not
at the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing prior
to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. Except as set forth in Section 2.07 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, none of the Company\'s subsidiaries is required to file any forms,
reports or other documents with the SEC.   (b) Each of the consolidated
financial statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto)
contained in the Company SEC Documents was prepared in accordance with United
States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a
consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated
in the notes thereto or in the Company SEC Documents), and each fairly
presents in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the
Company and its subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the
consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the periods
indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements were or are
subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments which were not or are
not expected to be material in amount.   Section 2.08 Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. Except as set forth in Section 2.08 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, since June 30, 1999, the
Company has conducted its business in the ordinary course and there has not
occurred: (i) any changes, effects or   -19-    circumstances
constituting, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect;
(ii) any amendments or changes in the Company Charter Documents; (iii) any
material changes to any Company Employee Plans or other employee benefit
arrangements or agreements, including the establishment of any new such
plans, arrangements or agreements or the extension of coverage under any such
plans, arrangements or agreements to new groups of employees or other
individuals; (iv) any damage to, destruction or loss of any asset of the
Company (whether or not covered by insurance) that would reasonably
be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect; (v) any material change by the Company in its accounting
methods, principles or practices (other than as required by GAAP subsequent
to the date of this Agreement); or (vi) other than in the ordinary course
of business, any sale of a material amount of assets of the Company.  
Section 2.09 No Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth in Section 2.09
of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities (absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise), except liabilities (a) in the aggregate adequately
provided for in the Company\'s unaudited balance sheet (including any related
notes thereto) as of March 31, 2000, included in the Company\'s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2000 (the "2000 Balance
Sheet"), (b) incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required
under GAAP to be reflected on the 2000 Balance Sheet, (c) incurred since
March 31, 2000 in the ordinary course of business, (d) incurred in connection
with this Agreement or the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
hereby, or (e) which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 2.10 Absence of
Litigation. Except as set forth in Section 2.10 and Section 2.19(c) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents or arising out of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, there are no claims,
actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or
any properties or rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, before
any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority, that would reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   Section 2.11 Employee Benefit Plans; Employment Agreements.
(a) "Company Employee Plans" shall mean all "employee pension benefit plans"
(as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), all "employee welfare benefit plans" (as
defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), all non-U.S. non-statutory plans and all
other U.S. and non-U.S. non-statutory bonus, stock option, stock
purchase, incentive, deferred compensation, supplemental retirement,
severance and other similar fringe or employee benefit plans, programs or
arrangements   -20-    (including those which contain change of control
provisions or pending change of control provisions), and any employment,
executive compensation or severance agreements (including those which contain
change of control provisions or pending change of control provisions),
written or otherwise, as amended, modified or supplemented, for the benefit
of, or relating to, any former or current employee, officer, director or
consultant (or any of their beneficiaries) of the Company or a subsidiary of
the Company. The term "Affiliate Plan" shall mean any other such plan,
program or arrangement with respect to which the Company or any subsidiary of
the Company has or could reasonably be expected to have any liability, either
as a member of a controlled group of corporations or trades or businesses as
defined under section 414 of the Code and comparable provisions of ERISA, or
by contractual arrangement. Section 2.11(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule lists each Company Employee Plan and each Affiliate Plan. With
respect to each plan included on the Company Disclosure Schedule or the
Employee Benefits Supplemental Disclosure Schedule the Company shall indicate
(i) whether such plan includes a change in control provision, (ii) with
respect to employee benefit welfare plans, whether such plan is fully insured
or has a stop-loss insurance contract and (iii) with respect to the employees
set forth on Exhibit 2.11-A, whether any such employees have entered into an
agreement or a provision of an agreement prohibiting or restricting such
employee from accepting employment or otherwise engaging in activity that is
in competition with the business of the Company or its subsidiaries (other
than with respect to the use of confidential information or trade secrets)
after the termination of such individual\'s employment with the
Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may omit from the
Disclosure Schedule and instead include in Section 2.11 of an employee
benefits supplement to the Company Disclosure Schedule (the "Employee
Benefits Supplemental Disclosure Schedule") the following information, that,
because of time constraints, the Company, in good faith, is not able to list
in Section 2.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule by the date of
this Agreement: any non-material employee benefit welfare plan, any non-U.S.
plan and any agreements relating to leased employees or independent
contractors, as well as the information specified in (ii) above. The Employee
Benefits Supplemental Disclosure Schedule shall be delivered to Parent within
30 days after the date hereof. With respect to each Company Employee Plan
listed in Section 2.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule the Company has
provided or made available to Parent (or will provide or make available to
Parent as promptly as practicable, but in no event later than 30 days after
the date hereof) and with respect to each Company Employee Plan to be listed
in Section 2.11(a) of the Employee Benefits Supplemental Disclosure
Schedule, the Company will upon or as soon as practicable following delivery
of the Employee Benefits Supplemental Disclosure Schedule provide or make
available to Parent copies of (i) each such written Company Employee Plan (or
a written description in English of any Company Employee Plan which is not
written and with respect to Company Employee Plans covering 50 or more
participants, a written description in English of any such plan that is
written in a language   -21-    other than English) and any related
trust agreement, insurance and other contract (including a policy), the most
recently prepared summary plan description, summary of material modifications
the substance of which is not already incorporated in the corresponding
summary plan description, and communications distributed to plan participants
that could reasonably be expected to materially modify the terms of any
Company Employee Plan, whether through information actually conveyed in the
communication or a failure to convey information, (ii) the three most recent
annual reports on Form 5500 series (or equivalent filing with respect to
non-U.S. plans), with accompanying schedules and attachments, filed with
respect to each U.S. or non-U.S. non-statutory Company Employee Plan required
to make such a filing, (iii) the most recent actuarial valuation, if any, for
each Company Employee Plan and Affiliate Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA
and all non-U.S. pension and post-retirement welfare plans, (iv) the latest
reports which have been filed with the Department of Labor ("DOL") to satisfy
the alternative method of compliance for pension plans for certain selected
employees pursuant to DOL regulation Section 2520.104-23 and (v) the most
recent favorable determination letters issued for each Company Employee Plan
and related trust which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code (and, if an application for such determination is pending, a copy of
the application for such determination).   (b) Except as set forth in
Section 2.11(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) none of the Company
Employee Plans or Affiliate Plans promises or provides medical or other
welfare benefits to any director, officer, employee or consultant (or any of
their beneficiaries) after their service with the Company or its subsidiary
or affiliate terminates, other than as required by Section 4980B of the Code
or Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA (hereinafter, "COBRA"), or any
similar state laws (ii) none of the Company Employee Plans or Affiliate Plans
is a "multiemployer plan" as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA
and no non-U.S. Company Employee Plan is a multiemployer plan and no Company
Employee Plan or Affiliate Plan has incurred any withdrawal liability that
remains unsatisfied and the transactions contemplated herein will not result
in the assessment of any withdrawal liability that could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction with respect to any Company
Employee Plan or Affiliate Plan which could reasonably be expected to subject
the Company or any subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to a tax, penalty or
other liability for prohibited transactions under ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code and to the knowledge of the Company no other party in interest or
disqualified person (as defined in Section 3(14) of ERISA and Section 4975 of
the Code) has engaged in any such transaction that, in either case, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) neither the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor any executive of the Company or one
of its subsidiaries as fiduciary of the Company Employee Plans has breached
any of the responsibilities or obligations imposed upon fiduciaries under
Title I of   -22-    ERISA, which breach would reasonably be expected to
result in any liability to the Company or any subsidiary thereof and to the
knowledge of the Company no other fiduciary of any Company Employee Plan has
committed such a breach, in either case that could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect; (v) all Company Employee Plans and, to the
knowledge of the Company, all Affiliate Plans have been established and
maintained substantially in accordance with their terms and have been
operated in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of
applicable law (including, but not limited to, to the extent applicable, the
notification and other requirements of COBRA, the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Newborns\' and Mothers\'
Health Protection Act of 1996, the Mental Health Parity Act of 1996, and the
Women\'s Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998) except for such failure as
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (vi) each
Company Employee Plan which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code is the subject of a favorable determination letter from the
Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"), and, to the Company\'s knowledge,
nothing has occurred which may reasonably be expected to impair such
determination; (vii) all contributions required to be made with respect to
any Company Employee Plan (whether pursuant to the terms of such plan,
Section 412 of the Code, any collective bargaining agreement, or otherwise)
have been made on or before their due dates (including any extensions
thereof) except to the extent any failure to have made such a contribution on
or before its due date could not reasonably be expected to result in a
current or future material liability of the Company; (viii) with respect to
each Company Employee Plan and Affiliate Plan, no "reportable event" within
the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA (excluding any such event for which the
30-day notice requirement has been waived under the regulations to Section
4043 of ERISA) has occurred with respect to which the Company or one of its
subsidiaries has any material outstanding liability and no Company action has
occurred that resulted or will result in any adverse liability for any
non-U.S. Company Employee Plan that reasonably could be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; (ix) none among the Company or any
subsidiary thereof has incurred (or could reasonably be expected to incur)
any liability that remains unsatisfied, or reasonably expects to incur any
liability, under Title IV of ERISA with respect to either a Company Employee
Plan or an Affiliate Plan including, without limitation, with respect to an
event described in Section 4062, 4063 or 4041 of ERISA (other than liability
for premium payments to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the
"PBGC") arising in the ordinary course) that, in either case, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (x) other than
routine claims for benefits made in the ordinary course of the operation of
the Company Employee Plans, there are no pending, nor to the Company\'s
knowledge, any threatened, claims, investigations or causes of action with
respect to any U.S. or non- U.S. non-statutory Company Employee Plan or
Affiliate Plan, whether made by a participant or beneficiary of such a plan,
a governmental agency or otherwise, against the Company or any subsidiary of
the Company, any Company director, officer or employee, any Company Employee
Plan, or Affiliate Plan   -23-    or any fiduciary of a Company Employee
Plan or Affiliate Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect; and (xi) each Company Employee Plan that provides for the
provision of post-termination or post-retirement welfare benefits may by its
terms be amended or terminated at any time subject to applicable law.   (c)
Section 2.11(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
complete list of each current or former employee, consultant, officer or
director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who holds (i) any option
to purchase the Company Common Stock as of the date hereof, together with the
number of shares of the Company Common Stock subject to such option, the
exercise price of such option (to the extent determined as of the date
hereof), whether such option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock
option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code (an "ISO"), and the
expiration date of such option; (ii) any shares of Company Common Stock that
are restricted or subject to performance-based vesting; and (iii) any other
award or right (including share units), directly or indirectly, to receive
Company Common Stock (or any other unit of Company equity) or any amount
payable by reference to Company Common Stock (or any other unit of Company
equity), together with the number of shares of Company Common Stock (or any
other unit of Company equity) subject to such right. To the extent that,
because of time constraints, the Company, in good faith, is unable to make
available the detailed information required in this Section 2.11(c) as of the
date hereof, it may be included in Section 2.11(c) of the Employee Benefits
Supplemental Disclosure Schedule if the aggregate number of shares of Company
Common Stock that are covered by outstanding options as of the date of this
agreement has been disclosed to Parent.   (d) To the extent not already
included and so labeled in Section 2.11(a) or such other section of the
Company Disclosure Schedule as is specifically referenced in Section 2.11(d)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, Section 2.11(d) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a true and complete (i) list of all material outstanding
agreements with any consultants who provide services to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries; (ii) list of all material agreements with respect to the
services of independent contractors or leased employees who provide services
to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, whether or not they participate in
any of the Company Employee Plans; (iii) description of any situation in
which a material portion of the workforce of a component of the Company or
its subsidiaries, whether such component is a subsidiary, unit, work
location, line of business or otherwise, is composed of non-traditional
employees, whether consultants, independent contractors or otherwise, which
description shall include, if applicable, representative samples of
agreements with such non-traditional employees and (iv) list of all worker
council agreements of the Company or any of its subsidiaries with or relating
to its employees. To the extent that, because of time constraints, the
Company, in good faith, is unable to make available the information relating
to consultants, leased   -24-    employees and independent contractors
as of the date hereof, it may be included in Section 2.11(d) of the Employee
Benefits Supplemental Disclosure Schedule and provided to the Company within
30 days of the date hereof, provided, however, that any such agreements that
include change in control provisions shall be included in Section 2.11(d) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule and provided as of the date hereof, to the
extent not otherwise so identified in another section of the Disclosure
Schedule. Section 2.11(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall indicate
which, if any, of such agreements includes a change in control provision.  
(e) Except as set forth in Section 2.11(e) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule: (i) the PBGC has not instituted proceedings to terminate any
Company Employee Plan or, to the knowledge of the Company, an Affiliate Plan,
that is subject to Title IV of ERISA (each, a "Defined Benefit Plan"); (ii)
no Defined Benefit Plan has an accumulated or waived funding deficiency
within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code, nor have any extensions of any
amortization period within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section
302 of ERISA been applied for with respect thereto; (iii) to the knowledge of
the Company, since the date of the most recent actuarial report prepared by
each such plan\'s actuary with respect to that plan\'s most recently
completed fiscal year, nothing has occurred that would materially adversely
affect the funding status of such plan; (iv) all applicable premiums required
to be paid to the PBGC with respect to the Defined Benefit Plans have been
paid, except for such failures as could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; and (v) no facts or circumstances exist with respect
to any Defined Benefit Plan which would give rise to a material lien on the
assets of the Company under Section 4068 of ERISA or otherwise.   (f)
Except as set forth in Section 2.11(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
(i) the Company does not have any outstanding incentive stock options within
the meaning of section 422 of the Code, (ii) the Company has not granted or
awarded any shares of Company Common Stock that, as of the Effective Time,
will be unvested or subject to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or
other condition providing that such shares may be forfeited or repurchased by
the Company upon any termination of the shareholder\'s employment,
directorship or other relationship with the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, and (iii) since March 31, 2000, neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries has announced, proposed or agreed to any increase
in benefits under any Company Employee Plan (or to the creation
or implementation of new benefits or new plans), any change in employee
coverage which would materially increase the expense of maintaining any
Company Employee Plan, or the grant of any Company Stock Options or other
equity based awards or benefits.   (g) Except as set forth in Section
2.11(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by   -25-    this Agreement, either alone or
in combination with another event, will not (i) result in any payment
(including, without limitation, severance, unemployment compensation, golden
parachute or bonus payments or otherwise) becoming due to any current or
former director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company, (ii) result
in any increase in the amount of compensation or benefits payable in respect
of any director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company, (iii)
accelerate the vesting or timing of payment of any benefits or compensation
payable in respect of any director, officer, employee or consultant of the
Company.   (h) Each non-U.S. Company Employee Plan has been maintained
in material compliance with its terms and with the requirements prescribed
by any and all applicable laws (including any special provisions relating
to registered or qualified plans where such non-U.S. Company Employee Plan
was intended to so qualify) and has been maintained in good standing
with applicable regulatory authorities except for such a failure as could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as
set forth on Section 2.11(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the
knowledge of the Company, since the date of the most recent actuarial report
prepared by each such plan\'s actuary with respect to that plan\'s most
recently completed fiscal year, nothing has occurred that would materially
adversely affect the funding status of such plan.   (i) There are no
complaints, charges or claims against the Company or any of its subsidiaries
pending or to the knowledge of the Company threatened to be brought by or
filed with any governmental authority based on, arising out of, in connection
with or otherwise relating to the classification of any individual by the
Company as an independent contractor or "leased employee" (within the meaning
of section 414(n) of the Code) rather than as an employee, and no conditions
exist under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries could incur any such
liability that in each case could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 2.12 Employment and Labor Matters. Except as set
forth in Section 2.11(b) or Section 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
or the Company SEC Documents or in each case as would not reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect:   (a) The Company is in compliance with all applicable U.S. and
non- U.S. laws, agreements and contracts relating to employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment, and the employment of former, current,
and prospective employees, independent contractors and "leased employees"
(within the meaning of Section 414(n) of the Code) of the Company including
all such U.S. and non-U.S. laws, agreements and contracts relating to wages,
hours, collective bargaining, employment discrimination, immigration,
disability, civil rights, human rights, fair labor standards, occupational
safety and health, workers\' compensation, pay equity, wrongful discharge and
violation   -26-    of the potential rights of such former, current, and
prospective employees, independent contractors and leased employees, and has
timely prepared and filed all appropriate forms (including Immigration and
Naturalization Service Form I-9) required by any relevant governmental
authority.   (b) There are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and
any of their respective employees.   (c) Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to any U.S. or non-U.S. collective bargaining
agreement or other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by the
Company or its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, are there
any activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any employees of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   (d) Neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries is in breach of any U.S. or non-U.S. collective
bargaining agreement or labor union contract, or has any knowledge of any
strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages, lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with
respect to any employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  
Section 2.13 Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   (a)
Subject to the accuracy of the representations of Parent and Merger Sub in
Section 3.10:   (i) the information supplied by the Company for inclusion in
the Registration Statement shall not at the time the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and  
(ii) the information supplied by the Company for inclusion in the proxy
statement/prospectus to be sent to the shareholders of the Company
in connection the Company Shareholders Meeting (such proxy
statement/prospectus as amended or supplemented is referred to herein as the
"Proxy Statement/Prospectus") will not, on the date the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is
filed with the SEC or first mailed to shareholders or at the time of the
Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any statement which, at such time and
in light of the circumstances under which it shall be made, is false or
misleading with respect to any material fact, or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein not false or misleading, or necessary to correct any
statement in any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of
proxies for the Company Shareholders Meeting which has become false or
misleading.   -27-     (b) If at any time prior to the Effective Time
any event relating to the Company or any of its respective affiliates,
officers or directors should be discovered by the Company which should be set
forth in an amendment to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the Company shall promptly inform Parent and
Merger Sub.   (c) The Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall comply in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act.   (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes
no representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied
by Guarantor, Parent or Merger Sub which is contained or incorporated
by reference in, or furnished in connection with the preparation of, the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   Section 2.14 Restrictions on Business
Activities. Except for this Agreement or as set forth in Section 2.14 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, to the Company\'s
knowledge, there is no agreement, judgment, injunction, order or decree
binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries which has or would
reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or impairing the
conduct of business by the Company or any of its subsidiaries as currently
conducted by the Company or such subsidiary, or restricting any transactions
(including payment of dividends and distributions) between the Company and
its subsidiaries, except for any prohibition or impairment as would not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 2.15 Title to Property. Except as set forth in
Sections 2.15 and 2.19(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company
SEC Documents, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have good title to
all of their owned real properties and other owned assets, free and clear of
all liens, charges and encumbrances, except liens for taxes not yet due
and payable and such liens or other imperfections of title, if any, as do
not materially interfere with the present use of the property affected
thereby or which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, and except for liens which
secure indebtedness reflected in the 2000 Balance Sheet; and, to the
knowledge of the Company, all leases pursuant to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries lease from others material amounts of real or personal
property, are in good standing, valid and effective in accordance with their
respective terms, and there is not, to the knowledge of the Company, under
any of such leases, any existing material default or event of default (or
event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a
material default), except where the lack of such good standing, validity and
effectiveness or the existence of such default or event of default would not
reasonably be    -28-    expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
have a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 2.16 Taxes. Except as set forth
in Section 2.16 of the Company Disclosure Schedule:   (a) The Company and
each of its subsidiaries has timely and accurately filed, or caused to be
timely and accurately filed, all material Tax Returns required to be filed by
it, and has paid, collected or withheld, or caused to be paid, collected or
withheld, all material amounts of Taxes required to be paid, collected or
withheld, other than such Taxes for which adequate reserves in the 2000
Balance Sheet have been established or which are being contested in good
faith. Except as set forth in Section 2.16(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there are no material claims or assessments pending against the
Company or any of its subsidiaries for any alleged deficiency in any Tax,
there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened audits
or investigations for or relating to any material liability in respect of any
Taxes, and the Company has not been notified in writing of any proposed
material Tax claims or assessments against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries (other than in each case, claims or assessments for which
adequate reserves in the 2000 Balance Sheet have been established or which
are being contested in good faith). Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has executed any waivers or extensions of any applicable statute
of limitations to assess any material amount of Taxes. There are no
outstanding requests by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for any
extension of time within which to file any material Tax Return or within
which to pay any material amounts of Taxes shown to be due on any Tax Return.
To the best knowledge of the Company, there are no liens for material amounts
of Taxes on the assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries except for
statutory liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable. There are no
outstanding powers of attorney enabling any party to represent the Company or
any of its subsidiaries with respect to Taxes. Other than with respect to the
Company and its subsidiaries, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
is liable for Taxes of any other Person, or is currently under any
contractual obligation to indemnify any person with respect to Taxes (except
for customary agreements to indemnify lenders or security holders in respect
of Taxes and except for provisions in agreements for the divestiture of
subsidiaries, assets or business lines of the Company or its subsidiaries
that require the Company or its subsidiaries (as applicable) to indemnify a
purchaser or purchaser group for material amounts of Taxes of the Company or
its subsidiaries (as applicable) for periods prior to the closing date under
any such agreements or for material amounts of Taxes of the Company or its
subsidiaries (as applicable) in the nature of sales or similar Taxes incurred
as a consequence of any such divestiture transactions), or is a party to any
tax sharing agreement or any other agreement providing for payments by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to Taxes.   -29-    
(b) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Tax" shall mean any United
States federal, national, state, provincial, local or other jurisdictional
income, gross receipts, property, sales, use, license, excise, franchise,
employment, payroll, alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem, transfer or
excise tax, or any other tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or other like
assessment or charge imposed by any Governmental Authority, together with any
interest or penalty imposed thereon. The term "Tax Return" shall mean a
report, return or other information (including any attached schedules or any
amendments to such report, return or other information) required to be
supplied to or filed with a Governmental Authority with respect to any Tax,
including an information return, claim for refund, amended return or
declaration or estimated Tax.   Section 2.17 Environmental Matters. (a)
Except as set forth in Section 2.17(a) to the Company Disclosure Schedule or
in the Company SEC Documents or as would not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, the
operations and properties of the Company and its subsidiaries are in
compliance with the Environmental Laws, which compliance includes the
possession by the Company and its subsidiaries of all permits and
governmental authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and
compliance with the terms and conditions thereof.   (b) Except as set forth
in Section 2.17(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or in the Company SEC
Documents or as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, there are no Environmental
Claims, including claims based on "arranger liability," pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or against any person or entity whose liability for any
Environmental Claim the Company or any of its subsidiaries has retained or
assumed.   (c) Except as set forth on Section 2.17(c) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or in the Company SEC Documents, there are no
past or present actions, circumstances, conditions, events or incidents,
including the release, emission, discharge, presence or disposal of any
Materials of Environmental Concern, that are reasonably likely to form the
basis of any Environmental Claim against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or against any person or entity whose liability for any
Environmental Claim the Company or any of its subsidiaries have retained or
assumed, except for such Environmental Claims that would not reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (d) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or
in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect or as set forth in
Section 2.17(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC
Documents, (i) there are no off-site locations where the Company or any of
its subsidiaries   -30-    has stored, disposed or arranged for the
disposal of Materials of Environmental Concern which have been listed on the
National Priority List, CERCLIS, or state Superfund site list, and the
Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified that any of them is a
potentially responsible party at any such location; (ii) there are no
underground storage tanks located on property owned or leased by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries; (iii) there is no friable asbestos containing
material contained in or forming part of any building, building component,
structure or office space owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries; and (iv) there are no polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs") or
PCB-containing items contained in or forming part of any building, building
component, structure or office space owned, leased or operated by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries.   (e) For purposes of this Agreement:   (i)
"Environmental Claim" means any claim, action, cause of action, investigation
or notice (in each case in writing or, if not in writing, to the knowledge of
the Company) by any person or entity alleging potential liability (including
potential liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental
response costs, natural resources damages, property damages, personal
injuries, or penalties) arising out of, based on or resulting from the
presence, or release into the environment, of any Material of Environmental
Concern at any location, whether or not owned or operated by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries.   (ii) "Environmental Laws" means, as they exist on
the date hereof, all applicable United States federal, state, local and non-
United States laws, regulations, codes and ordinances, relating to pollution
or protection of human health (as relating to the environment or the
workplace) and the environment (including ambient air, surface water, ground
water, land surface or sub-surface strata), including laws and regulations
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of
Materials of Environmental Concern, or otherwise relating to the use,
treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Materials of
Environmental Concern, including, but not limited to Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), 42 U.S.C.
Section 9601 et seq., Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"), 42
U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq., Toxic Substances Control Act ("TSCA"), 15 U.S.C.
Section 2601 et seq., Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA"), 29 U.S.C.
Section 651 et seq., the Clean Air Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq., the
Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et seq., each as may have been
amended or supplemented, and any applicable environmental transfer statutes
or laws.   (iii) "Materials of Environmental Concern" means
chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, hazardous materials, hazardous
substances and hazardous wastes, medical waste, toxic substances, petroleum
and petroleum products and by-products, asbestos-containing materials, PCBs,
and any other   -31-    chemicals, pollutants, substances or wastes, in
each case regulated under any Environmental Law.   Section 2.18 Brokers. No
broker, finder or investment banker, other than Goldman Sachs and Co. and J.P.
Morgan and Co. (the "Company Financial Advisors"), the fees and expenses of
which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or
other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.
The Company has heretofore furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy of
all agreements between the Company and each of the Company Financial Advisors
pursuant to which such firm would be entitled to any payment relating to the
transactions contemplated hereunder.   Section 2.19 Intellectual Property.
As used herein, the term "Intellectual Property Assets" shall mean all
worldwide intellectual property rights, including, without limitation,
patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and registrations and
applications therefor, trade names, Internet domain names know-how, trade
secrets, computer software programs and proprietary information. As used
herein, "Company Intellectual Property Assets" shall mean the Intellectual
Property Assets used or owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  
(a) Except as set forth in Section 2.19(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company and/or each of its subsidiaries owns, or is licensed or
otherwise possesses legally enforceable rights to use, all the Company
Intellectual Property Assets that are used in and are material to
the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted,
without infringing or violating the rights of others.   (b) Except as
disclosed in Section 2.19(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as would
not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a
Material Adverse Effect, no claims (i) are currently pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, are threatened by any person with respect to the
Company Intellectual Property Assets, or (ii) are, to the knowledge of the
Company, currently pending or threatened by any person with respect to the
Intellectual Property Assets of a third party (the "Third Party Intellectual
Property Assets") to the extent arising out of any use, reproduction or
distribution of such Third Party Intellectual Property Assets by or through
the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   (c) Except as disclosed in Section
2.19(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, to the knowledge of the Company,
there are no valid grounds for any bona fide claim to the effect that the
manufacture, sale, licensing or use of any product, system or method now
used, sold or licensed or proposed for use, sale or license by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries infringes any Third Party Intellectual Property
Assets.   -32-     (d) Section 2.19(e) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a list of (i) all patents and patent applications owned
by the Company and/or each of its subsidiaries worldwide; (ii) all trademark
and service mark registrations and all trademark and service mark
applications, material common law trademarks, material trade dress and
material slogans, and all trade names owned by the Company and/or each of its
subsidiaries worldwide; (iii) all copyright registrations and copyright
applications owned by the Company and/or each of its subsidiaries worldwide;
(iv) all Internet domain name registrations by the Company and/or its
subsidiaries worldwide; and (v) to the Company\'s knowledge, all licenses
owned by the Company and/or each of its subsidiaries in which the Company
and/or each of its subsidiaries is (A) a licensor with respect to any of the
patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights or Internet
domain names listed in Section 2.19(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
which are material to the Company or (B) a licensee of any other person\'s
patents, trade names, trademarks, service marks, copyrights or Internet
domain names material to the Company except for any licenses of software
programs that are commercially available "off the shelf." Except as disclosed
in Section 2.19(d)(v) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and/or
each of its subsidiaries has made all necessary filings and recordations to
protect and maintain its interest in the patents, patent applications,
trademark and service mark registrations, trademark and service mark
applications, copyright registrations and copyright applications, Internet
domain names and licenses set forth in Section 2.19(d) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, except where the failure to so protect or maintain would
not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (e) To the knowledge of the Company, except as
set forth in Section 2.19(d)(v) or 2.19(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
or the Company SEC Documents: (i) each patent, trademark or service
mark registration and copyright registration of the Company and/or each of
its subsidiaries is valid and subsisting and (ii) each material license of
the Company Intellectual Property Assets listed on Section 2.19(e) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule is valid, subsisting and enforceable, except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (f)
Except as set forth in Section 2.19(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to
the knowledge of the Company, there is no unauthorized use, infringement or
misappropriation of any of the Company\'s Intellectual Property Assets by any
third party, including any employee, former employee, independent contractor
or consultant of the Company or any of its subsidiaries which would
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 2.20 Interested Party Transactions. Except as set
forth in Section 2.20 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company
SEC Documents or for events as to which the amounts involved do not, in
the   -33-    aggregate, exceed $300,000, since the Company\'s proxy
statement dated September 14, 1999, no event has occurred that would be
required to be reported as a Certain Relationship or Related Transaction
pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.   Section
2.21 Insurance. Except as disclosed in Section 2.21 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, all material fire and casualty,
general liability, business interruption, product liability and sprinkler and
water damage insurance policies maintained by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries are with reputable insurance carriers, provide adequate coverage
for all normal risks incident to the business of the Company and its
subsidiaries and their respective properties and assets, and are in character
and amount appropriate for the businesses conducted by the Company, except as
would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   Section 2.22 Product Liability and Recalls. (a)
Except as disclosed in Section 2.22(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or
the Company SEC Documents, to the Company\'s knowledge, there is no claim,
pending or threatened, against the Company or any of its subsidiaries for
injury to person or property of employees or any third parties suffered as a
result of the sale of any product or performance of any service by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, including claims arising out of the
defective or unsafe nature of its products or services, which would
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect.   (b) Except as disclosed in Section 2.22(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or the Company SEC Documents, there is no pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened recall or investigation of
any product sold by the Company, which recall or investigation would
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 2.23 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Board of
Directors of the Company has been advised by the Company Financial Advisors
to the effect that in each Financial Advisor\'s opinion, as of the date of
this Agreement, the Merger Consideration to be received by the holders of
the Shares is fair from a financial point of view to such holders, in each
case assuming no adjustment of the Exchange Ratio.   ARTICLE III 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Parent and Merger
Sub hereby, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to the Company as
follows:     -34-     Section 3.01 Organization and Qualification;
Subsidiaries. (a) Each of Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation
duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent the
concept of good standing exists in the applicable jurisdiction) under the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has the requisite corporate
power and authority necessary to own, lease and operate the properties it
purports to own, lease and operate and to carry on its business as now
conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good
standing or to have such power and authority would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub
is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and is
in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties
owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its activities make
such qualification or licensing necessary, except for such failures to be so
duly qualified or licensed and in good standing that would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Parent has heretofore
made available to the Company true and complete copies of Guarantor\'s
Memorandum of Association and Bye-Laws, as amended to date (the "Guarantor
Charter Documents").   (b) Each subsidiary of Guarantor is an entity duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent the concept
of good standing exists in the applicable jurisdiction) under the laws of
its jurisdiction of organization, has the requisite corporate or other power
and authority necessary to own, lease and operate the properties it purports
to own, lease and operate and to carry on its business as now conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or
to have such power and authority would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. Each subsidiary of Guarantor is duly qualified
to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except for
those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified or in good standing
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as
set forth in Section 3.01(b) of the written disclosure schedule
previously delivered by Parent to the Company (the "Parent Disclosure
Schedule"), all of Guarantor\'s "significant" subsidiaries, as defined in
Regulation S-X, and their respective jurisdictions of incorporation are
identified in Guarantor\'s Annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 1999 ( the "Guarantor 1999 Form 10-K") or in any of
Guarantor\'s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with respect to any quarter
of the 2000 fiscal year.   Section 3.02 Capitalization. (a) The authorized
capital stock of Guarantor consists of 2,500,000,000 Guarantor Common Shares
and 125,000,000 Preference Shares, par value $1.00 per share ("Guarantor
Preferred Shares"). As of June 9, 2000, (i) 1,724,274,982 Guarantor Common
Shares were issued and outstanding, all of which are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable and none of which were issued in
violation of preemptive or   -35-    similar rights, (ii) no Guarantor
Preferred Shares were outstanding and (iii) no more than 10,000,000 Guarantor
Common Shares and no Guarantor Preferred Shares were held by subsidiaries of
Guarantor. As of May 31, 2000, 99,834,866 Guarantor Common Shares were
reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock options issued under
Guarantor\'s stock option plans.   (b) Except (i) as set forth in Section
3.02(a), (ii) for changes since June 9, 2000 resulting from the exercise of
stock options or the grant of stock based compensation to directors or
employees or (iii) for changes resulting from the issuance of stock in
connection with a merger or other acquisition or business combination
determined by Guarantor\'s Board of Directors to be in the best interests of
Guarantor and its shareholders, there are no outstanding (x) shares of
capital stock or voting securities of Guarantor, (y) securities of Guarantor
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting
securities of Guarantor or (z) options or other rights to acquire from
Guarantor or other obligation of Guarantor to issue, any capital stock,
voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital
stock or voting securities of Guarantor. There are no outstanding obligations
of Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any of its equity securities.   (c) The Guarantor Common Shares to
be delivered as Merger Consideration have been duly authorized and, when
issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will
have been validly issued and will be fully paid and nonassessable, and the
issuance thereof is not subject to any preemptive or other similar right.  
Section 3.03 Authority Relative to this Agreement. (a) The execution,
delivery and performance by Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub of this
Agreement, the execution, delivery and performance by Guarantor of
the Guarantee and the consummation by Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as applicable, are within
the respective corporate powers of Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub and have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered and constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of each of Parent and Merger Sub enforceable against each
of them in accordance with its terms, and the Guarantee has been duly and
validly executed and delivered and constitutes a valid and binding agreement
of Guarantor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.   (b) At
a meeting duly called and held, or by written consent in lieu of meeting, the
respective Boards of Directors of Parent and Merger Sub, as applicable, have
(i) unanimously determined that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby are fair to and in the best interests of Parent, Merger
Sub and their respective shareholders, as applicable, and (ii) unanimously
adopted this Agreement and approved the transactions contemplated hereby. At
a meeting duly called and held, Guarantor\'s Board of Directors  
-36-    has (i) determined that the Guarantee and the transactions
contemplated thereby are fair to and in the best interests of Guarantor\'s
shareholders and (ii) approved the Guarantee and the transactions
contemplated thereby and the issuance of the Guarantor Common Shares to be
delivered to the Company shareholders in connection with the Merger.  
Section 3.04 No Conflicts; Required Filings and Consents. (a) The execution,
delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement, the
execution, delivery and performance by Guarantor of the Guarantee and the
consummation by Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as applicable, require no
action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority, other
than (i) the filing of a Certificate of Merger with respect to the Merger
with the Secretary of State of the State of New York, (ii) compliance with
any applicable requirements of the HSR Act and applicable Non-U.S. Monopoly
Laws, (iii) compliance with any applicable requirements of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, any applicable state securities laws, the NYSE, the
Bermuda Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange, (iv) compliance with
Environmental, Health and Safety Laws and (v) any actions or filings the
absence of which would not be reasonably expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect or materially impair the ability
of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the ability of Guarantor to fulfill its
obligations under the Guarantee.   (b) The execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement, the execution,
delivery and performance by Guarantor of the Guarantee and the consummation
by Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, as applicable, do not and will not (i) contravene, conflict
with, or result in any violation or breach of any provision of the Guarantor
Charter Documents or the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of Parent or
Merger Sub (or equivalent organizational documents), (ii) assuming compliance
with the matters referred to in Section 3.04(a), contravene, conflict with or
result in a violation or breach of any provision of any law, rule,
regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree applicable to Guarantor or
any of its subsidiaries, (iii) require any consent or other action by any
Person under, constitute a default under, or cause or permit the termination,
cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the
loss of any benefit to which Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is entitled
under any provision of any Material Agreement or instrument binding upon
Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries or any material license, franchise,
permit, certificate, approval or other similar authorization affecting, or
relating in any way to, the assets or business of the Parent and its
subsidiaries; provided that, for purposes of this subsection 3.04(b)(iii),
"Material Agreement" shall mean any agreement identified in Guarantor\'s 1999
Form 10-K or in any of Guarantor\'s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with
respect to any quarter of its 2000   -37-    fiscal year or any
agreement entered into since the date of Guarantor\'s latest quarterly report
on Form 10-Q that would be required to be so identified in Guarantor\'s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2000 or (iv)
result in the creation or imposition of any encumbrance on any material asset
of Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries.   Section 3.05 Compliance. Except
as disclosed in Section 3.05 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule or the
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents (the "Guarantor SEC
Documents") filed by the Guarantor with the SEC since September 30, 1997 and
prior to the date of this Agreement, neither Guarantor nor any of its
subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, (i) any law,
rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Guarantor or any of
its subsidiaries or by which its or any of their respective properties is
bound or affected or (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract,
agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or
obligation to which Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by
which Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective
properties is bound or affected, except for any such conflicts, defaults or
violations which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. To Parent\'s knowledge, no
investigation by any Governmental Authority with respect to Guarantor or any
of its subsidiaries is pending or threatened, except as disclosed in the
Guarantor SEC Documents.   Section 3.06 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.
(a) Guarantor has filed with the SEC all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents (including all exhibits to the Guarantor SEC
Documents) required to be filed with the SEC since September 30, 1997. Except
as disclosed in Section 3.06 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule or the
Guarantor SEC Documents, such reports, schedules, forms statements and other
documents were prepared in all material respects in accordance with the
applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the
case may be; and did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or
superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement then on the date
of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. With the exception of Tycom Ltd. which may
become obligated to file such reports, none of the Guarantor\'s subsidiaries
is required to file with the SEC periodic reports pursuant to the Exchange
Act.   (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including,
in each case, any related notes thereto) contained in the Guarantor
SEC Documents were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the
notes thereto or in the Guarantor SEC Documents), and each fairly presents in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Guarantor and
its   -38-    consolidated subsidiaries as at the respective dates
thereof and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the
periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements
were or are subject to normal and recurring year end adjustments which were
not or are not expected to be material in amount.   Section 3.07 Absence of
Certain Changes or Events. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.07 of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule or the Guarantor SEC Documents, since September 30, 1999,
the business of Guarantor and its subsidiaries has been conducted in the
ordinary course and there has not occurred: (i) any changes, effects or
changed circumstances constituting, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect; (ii) any amendments or changes in the Guarantor
Charter Documents; (iii) any damage to destruction or loss of any assets of
Guarantor (whether or not covered by insurance) that would reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect; (iv) any material change by Guarantor in its accounting methods,
principles or practices (other than as required by GAAP subsequent to the
date of this Agreement); or (v) any sale of a material amount of assets of
Guarantor, except in the ordinary course of business.   Section 3.08 No
Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth in Section 3.08 of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule or the Guarantor SEC Documents, neither Guarantor nor any
of its subsidiaries has any liabilities (absolute, accrued, contingent or
otherwise), except liabilities (a) in the aggregate adequately provided for
in Guarantor\'s unaudited balance sheet (including any related notes thereto)
as of March 31, 2000 included in Guarantor\'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the fiscal period ended March 31, 2000 (the "2000 Guarantor Balance
Sheet"), (b) incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required
under GAAP to be reflected on the 2000 Guarantor Balance Sheet, (c) incurred
since March 31, 2000 in the ordinary course of business, (d) incurred in
connection with this Agreement, or the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated hereby, or (e) which would not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
Section 3.09 Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth in Section 3.09 of
the Parent Disclosure Schedule or the Guarantor SEC Documents or arising out
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, there are no claims,
actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of
Guarantor, threatened against Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries, or any
properties or rights of Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries, before any
court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority, that would reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect.     -39-     Section 3.10 Registration Statement; Proxy
Statement/Prospectus. (a) Subject to the accuracy of the representations of
the Company in Section 2.13:   (i) the registration statement on Form S-4
(or on such other form as shall be appropriate) (as it may be amended, the
"Registration Statement"), pursuant to which the Guarantor Common Shares to
be delivered to the shareholders of the Company by Parent in connection with
the Merger will be registered with the SEC, shall not, at the respective
times the Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements
thereto) is filed with the SEC or is declared effective by the SEC, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements included therein not misleading;
and   (ii) the information supplied by Guarantor, Parent or Merger Sub for
inclusion in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will not, on the date the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is
filed with the SEC or first mailed to shareholders or at the time of
the Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any statement which, at such time
and in light of the circumstances under which it shall be made, is false
or misleading with respect to any material fact, or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements made therein not false or misleading, or necessary to correct
any statement in any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation
of proxies for the Company Shareholders Meeting which has become false
or misleading.   (b) If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event
relating to Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective affiliates,
officers or directors should be discovered by Parent or Merger Sub which
should be set forth in an amendment to the Registration Statement or a
supplement to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, Parent or Merger Sub will
promptly inform the Company.   (c) The Registration Statement and the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus shall comply in all material respects with the
requirements of all applicable laws, including the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.   (d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent and Merger Sub make no representation
or warranty with respect to any information supplied by the Company which is
contained or incorporated by reference in, or furnished in connection with
the preparation of, the Registration Statement or the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   Section 3.11 Brokers. Other than Merrill
Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Incorporated and Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc.,
there is no investment   -40-    banker, broker, finder or other
intermediary that has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of
Parent or Guarantor who might be entitled to any fee or commission from
Parent, Guarantor or any of their respective affiliates in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 3.12 Ownership
of Parent and Merger Sub. Merger Sub is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent, and Parent is a direct, wholly- owned subsidiary of Guarantor.  
Section 3.13 No Prior Activities. (a) Merger Sub was formed solely for the
purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
(b) Except for obligations or liabilities incurred by Merger Sub in
connection with its incorporation or organization and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and except for this Agreement and
any other agreements or arrangements contemplated by this Agreement, Merger
Sub has not incurred, directly or indirectly, through any subsidiary or
affiliate, any obligations or liabilities or engaged in any business
activities of any type or kind whatsoever or entered into any agreements or
arrangements with any person.   Section 3.14 Ownership Interest in the
Company. Other than by reason of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, neither Parent nor any of its affiliates is an
"interested shareholder" of the Company, as that term is defined in either of
Section 912 of the NYBCL and Article Eleventh of the Company\'s Certificate
of Incorporation.   Section 3.15 No Vote Required. No vote of the
shareholders of Guarantor is required by law, Guarantor\'s Charter Documents
or otherwise in order for Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby, as applicable.   ARTICLE IV 
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER   Section 4.01 Conduct of Business by
the Company. The Company covenants and agrees that, during the period from
the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, unless Parent shall
otherwise agree in writing, and except as set forth in Section 4.01 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company shall conduct its business and shall
cause the businesses of its subsidiaries to be conducted only in, and the
Company and its subsidiaries shall not take any action except in, the
ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice;
and the Company shall use reasonable commercial efforts to preserve
substantially intact the business organization   -41-    of the Company
and its subsidiaries, to keep available the services of the present officers,
employees and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries and to preserve
the present relationships of the Company and its subsidiaries with customers,
suppliers and other persons with which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
has significant business relations. By way of amplification and not
limitation, except as contemplated by this Agreement, neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries shall, during the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this
Agreement or the Effective Time, and except as set forth in Section 4.01 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, directly or indirectly do, or propose to do,
any of the following without the prior written consent of Parent, which, in
the case clauses (c), (d)(iv), (e), (f), (h) or (i), will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed:   (a) amend or otherwise change the Company Charter
Documents;   (b) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber, or authorize
the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition or encumbrance of, any shares of
capital stock of any class, or any options, warrants, convertible securities
or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares of capital stock, or any
other ownership interest (including, without limitation, any phantom
interest) in the Company, any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (except for
the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock issuable pursuant to Company
Stock Options outstanding on the date hereof or pursuant to the Company ESPP
as in effect on the date hereof or pursuant to the Company\'s 401(k) Plan as
in effect on the date hereof; or the issuance to newly hired employees of
Company Stock Options pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans with respect
to an aggregate of not more than 25,000 shares of Company Common Stock,
provided that (i) such options become exercisable in a manner consistent with
the Company\'s past practice, provided, however, that such options will not
become exercisable as a result of the transactions contemplated herein and
will not in any other manner be affected as a result of the transactions
contemplated herein (except as provided herein), (ii) no one individual shall
receive options with respect to more than 3,000 shares of Company Common
Stock, and (iii) the exercise price per share of such options is the fair
market value of a share of Company Common Stock as of the day such option is
granted);   (c) sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any assets of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries (except for (i) sales of assets in the
ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice,
(ii) dispositions of obsolete or worthless assets, and (iii) sales of
immaterial assets not in excess of $5 million in the aggregate);   (d) (i)
declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether
in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of any of
its capital stock, except that a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company may
declare and pay a dividend to its parent that is not a   -42-    cross-
border dividend, and except that the Company may declare and pay prior to the
Effective Time quarterly cash dividends of up to $0.17 per share consistent
with past practice, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital
stock or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities
in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock,
(iii) except (A) as required by the terms of any security as in effect on the
date hereof and set forth in Section 4.01(d) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule and (B) to the extent necessary to effect withholding to meet
minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with the exercise of any
Company Stock Option, amend the terms or change the period of exercisability
of, purchase, repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit any
subsidiary to amend the terms or change the period of exercisability of,
purchase, repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any of its securities or
any securities of its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, shares of
Company Common Stock, or any option, warrant or right, directly or
indirectly, to acquire any such securities, or propose to do any of the
foregoing, (iv) settle, pay or discharge any claim, suit or other action
brought or threatened against the Company with respect to or arising out of a
shareholder equity interest in the Company, or (v) make any cross- border
capital contributions to a subsidiary;   (e) (i) acquire (by merger,
consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation,
partnership or other business organization or division thereof other than
those listed on Section 4.01(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule; (ii)
incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, except for (A) commercial paper in
the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, in an
amount not to exceed $550 million at any one time outstanding, (B) to the
extent not used to support outstanding commercial paper pursuant to clause
(A) above, borrowings and reborrowings under the Company\'s or any of its
subsidiaries\' existing credit facilities listed on Section 4.01(e) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule not in excess of $50 million, and (C) other
borrowings not in excess of $25 million in the aggregate; (iii) issue any
debt securities or assume, guarantee (other than guarantees of the Company\'s
subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of business) or endorse, or
otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for, the obligations of any
person, or make any loans or advances, except in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice (but not loans or advances to
employees of the Company to fund the exercise price of Company Stock Options
or otherwise to purchase shares of the Company Common Stock) except to the
extent required by contracts in effect on the date hereof; or (iv) authorize
any capital expenditures or purchases of fixed assets which are, in the
aggregate, in excess of $30 million over the next 12 month period; or (v)
enter into or materially amend any contract, agreement, commitment or
arrangement to effect any of the matters prohibited by this Section
4.01(e);     -43-     (f) except as set forth in Section 4.01(f) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) increase the compensation or severance
payable or to become payable to its directors, officers, employees or
consultants, except for increases in salary or wages of employees of the
Company or its subsidiaries, including in connection with promotions, in
accordance with past practices; or (ii) grant any severance or termination
pay (except to make payments required to be made under obligations existing
on the date hereof in accordance with the terms of such obligations) to, or
enter into or amend any employment or severance agreement, with any current
or prospective employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except for
new hire employees in the ordinary course of business whose annual salary
does not exceed $150,000 and whose severance benefits do not exceed one time
annual salary; or (iii) establish, adopt, enter into or amend any
collective bargaining agreement, Company Employee Plan, including, without
limitation, any plan that provides for the payment of bonuses or incentive
compensation, trust, fund, policy or arrangement for the benefit of any
current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants or any of
their beneficiaries, except, in each case, as may be required by law or as
would not result in a material increase in the cost of maintaining such
collective bargaining agreement, Company Employee Plan, trust, fund, policy
or arrangement.   (g) take any action to change accounting policies or
procedures (including, without limitation, procedures with respect to
revenue recognition, payments of accounts payable and collection of
accounts receivable) except as required by a change in GAAP occurring after
the date hereof;   (h) make any tax election or settle or compromise any
United States federal, state, local or non-United States tax liability;  
(i) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations
(absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise) in
excess of $5 million in the aggregate, other than the payment, discharge or
satisfaction in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
practice of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the financial
statements contained in the Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date of
this Agreement or incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice; or   (j) take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take,
any of the actions described in Sections 4.01(a) through (i) above, or any
action which would make any of the representations or warranties of the
Company contained in this Agreement untrue or incorrect or prevent the
Company from performing or cause the Company not to perform its covenants
hereunder.      -44-     Section 4.02 No Solicitation.   (a) The
Company shall not, directly or indirectly, through any officer, director,
employee, representative or agent of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
solicit or encourage the initiation of (including by way of furnishing
information) any inquiries or proposals regarding any merger, sale of assets,
sale of shares of capital stock (including, without limitation, by way of a
tender offer) or similar transactions involving the Company or
any subsidiaries of the Company that if consummated would constitute
an Alternative Transaction (as defined below) (any of the foregoing inquiries
or proposals being referred to herein as an "Acquisition Proposal").
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the Board of Directors of
the Company from (i) furnishing information to a third party which has made
a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that the Board of Directors of the
Company concludes in good faith after consulting with a nationally
recognized investment banking firm would, if consummated, constitute a
Superior Proposal (as defined below) not solicited in violation of this
Agreement, provided that such third party has executed an agreement with
confidentiality provisions substantially similar to those then in effect
between the Company and a subsidiary of Guarantor or (ii) subject to
compliance with the other terms of this Section 4.02, including Sections
4.02(c) and (d), considering and negotiating a bona fide Acquisition Proposal
that the Board of Directors of the Company concludes in good faith after
consulting with a nationally recognized investment banking firm would, if
consummated, constitute a Superior Proposal not solicited in violation of
this Agreement; provided, however, that, as to each of clauses (i) and (ii),
the Board of Directors of the Company reasonably determines in good faith
(after due consultation with independent counsel, which may be Simpson
Thacher and Bartlett) that it is or is reasonably likely to be required to do
so in order to discharge properly its fiduciary duties.   For purposes of
this Agreement, "Alternative Transaction" means any of (i) a transaction
pursuant to which any person (or group of persons) other than Parent or its
affiliates (a "Third Party") acquires or would acquire more than 25% of the
outstanding shares of any class of equity securities of the Company, whether
from the Company or pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer or
otherwise, (ii) a merger or other business combination involving the Company
pursuant to which any Third Party acquires or would acquire more than 25% of
the outstanding equity securities of the Company or the entity surviving such
merger or business combination, (iii) any transaction pursuant to which any
Third Party acquires or would acquire control of assets (including for this
purpose the outstanding equity securities of subsidiaries of the Company and
securities of the entity surviving any merger or business combination
including any of the Company\'s subsidiaries) of the Company, or any of its
subsidiaries having a fair market value (as determined by the Board of
Directors of the Company in good faith) equal to more than 25% of the fair
market value of all the assets of the   -45-    Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, immediately prior to such transaction, or
(iv) any other consolidation, business combination, recapitalization or
similar transaction involving the Company or any "significant subsidiary" (as
defined in Rule 1-02 under Regulation S-X) of the Company, other than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that the term
Alternative Transaction shall not include any acquisition of securities by a
broker dealer in connection with a bona fide public offering of such
securities.   For purposes of this Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means
any proposal made by a Third Party to acquire, directly or indirectly,
for consideration consisting of cash and/or securities, all of the Company
Common Stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or all
or substantially all the assets of the Company, on terms which the Board
of Directors of the Company reasonably believes (after consultation with
a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to be more
favorable from a financial point of view to its shareholders than the Merger
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement taking into account at
the time of determination any changes to the financial terms of this
Agreement proposed by Parent; provided, however, that a Superior Proposal may
be subject to a due diligence review of confidential information and to
other customary conditions.   (b) The Company shall notify Parent promptly
(but in no event later than 24 hours) after receipt of any Acquisition
Proposal, or any modification of or amendment to any Acquisition Proposal, or
any request for nonpublic information relating to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries in connection with an Acquisition Proposal or for access to the
properties, books or records of the Company or any subsidiary by any person
or entity that informs the Board of Directors of the Company or such
subsidiary that it is considering making, or has made, an Acquisition
Proposal. Such notice to Parent shall be made orally and in writing, and
shall indicate the identity of the person making the Acquisition Proposal or
intending to make an Acquisition Proposal or requesting non-public
information or access to the books and records of the Company, the terms of
any such Acquisition Proposal or modification or amendment to an Acquisition
Proposal, and whether the Company is providing or intends to provide the
person making the Acquisition Proposal with access to information concerning
the Company as provided in Section 4.02(a). The Company shall keep Parent
fully informed, on a current basis, of any material changes in the status and
any material changes or modifications in the material terms of any such
Acquisition Proposal, indication or request. The Company shall also
immediately notify Parent, orally and in writing, if it enters into
negotiations concerning any Acquisition Proposal.   (c) Except to the
extent the Board of Directors of the Company reasonably determines in good
faith (after due consultation with independent   -46-    counsel, which
may be Simpson Thacher and Bartlett) that it is or is reasonably likely to be
required to act to the contrary in order to discharge properly its fiduciary
duties (and, with respect to the approval, recommendation or entering into
any Acquisition Proposal, it may take such contrary action only after the
second business day following Parent\'s and Merger Sub\'s receipt of written
notice of the Board of Directors\' intention to do so), neither the Company
nor the Board of Directors of the Company shall withdraw or modify, or
propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent or Merger Sub,
the adoption by such Board of Directors of this Agreement or its approval of
the Merger.   (d) The Company and the Board of Directors of the Company
shall not enter into any agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement
entered into not in violation of Section 4.02(a)) with respect to, or
otherwise approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any
Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Transaction, unless this Agreement has
been terminated in accordance with its terms.   (e) Nothing contained in
this Section 4.02 shall prohibit the Company from taking and disclosing to
its shareholders a position required by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to its shareholders required by
applicable law, rule or regulation or by the NYSE.   (f) The Company shall
immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions or
negotiations with any persons (other than Parent and Merger Sub) conducted
heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing. The Company agrees not to
release any third party from the confidentiality and standstill provisions of
any agreement to which the Company is a party.   (g) The Company shall
ensure that the officers and directors of the Company and the Company
subsidiaries and any investment banker or other advisor or representative
retained by the Company are aware of the restrictions described in this
Section 4.02. It is understood that any violation of the restrictions set
forth in this Section 4.02 by any officer or director of the Company or the
Company subsidiaries and any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or
representative of the Company shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section
4.02 by the Company.   Section 4.03 Conduct of Business by Guarantor. During
the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier
of the termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, Parent covenants
and agrees that, except as set forth in Section 4.03 of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule or unless the Company shall otherwise agree in writing,
Parent shall take all action necessary so that (i) Guarantor shall conduct
its business, and cause the businesses of its subsidiaries to be conducted,
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice,
including actions taken   -47-    by Guarantor or its subsidiaries in
contemplation of the Merger, and (ii) Guarantor shall not directly or
indirectly do, or propose to do, any of the following without the prior
written consent of the Company:   (a) amend or otherwise change the
Guarantor Charter Documents;   (b) acquire or agree to acquire, by merging
or consolidating with, by purchasing an equity interest in or a portion of
the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation,
partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof,
or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets of any other person, or
dispose of any assets, which, in any such case, would materially delay or
prevent the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement;   (c) declare, set aside, make or pay any
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any
combination thereof) in respect of any of its capital stock, except that a
wholly owned subsidiary of Guarantor may declare and pay a dividend to its
parent, and except that Guarantor may declare and pay quarterly cash
dividends on the Guarantor Common Shares of up to $0.0125 per share
consistent with past practice;   (d) take any action to change its
accounting policies or procedures (including, without limitation, procedures
with respect to revenue recognition, payments of accounts payable and
collection of accounts receivable), except as required by a change in GAAP
occurring after the date hereof; or   (e) take or agree in writing or
otherwise to take any action that would make any of the representations or
warranties of Parent contained in this Agreement untrue or incorrect or
prevent Parent from performing or cause Parent not to perform its covenants
hereunder.   ARTICLE V  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   Section 5.01 Proxy
Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement.   (a) As promptly as
practicable after the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall, and
Parent shall cause Guarantor to, prepare and file with the SEC, preliminary
proxy materials which shall constitute the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and, if
the parties so agree at the time, the Registration Statement. As promptly as
practicable after comments are received from the SEC thereon and after the
furnishing by the Company and Guarantor of all information required to be
contained therein, the Company shall, and Parent shall, and shall cause
Guarantor to, file with the SEC, the definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus
and the Registration Statement (or, if the Registration Statement has been
previously filed, an amendment thereto)   -48-    relating to the
adoption of this Agreement by the Company\'s shareholders as set forth in
Section 2.04(c) and the other transactions contemplated hereby, and to the
payment of the Merger Consideration in the form of Guarantor Common Shares
pursuant to this Agreement, and shall use all reasonable efforts to cause the
Registration Statement to become effective, and the Company shall mail the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus to its shareholders as soon thereafter as
practicable. Parent shall also cause Guarantor to take any action (other than
qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not now so
qualified or to file a general consent to service of process) required to be
taken under the applicable state securities laws in connection with the
issuance of Guarantor Common Shares in connection with the Merger, and the
Company shall furnish to Guarantor all information concerning the Company and
the holders of capital stock of the Company as may be reasonably requested in
connection with any such action and the preparation, filing and distribution
of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. No filing of, or amendment or supplement
to, or correspondence to the SEC or its staff with respect to the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will be made by the Company or Guarantor, without
providing the other party a reasonable opportunity to review and comment
thereon. Parent will advise the Company, promptly after Guarantor receives
notice thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement has become
effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, the issuance of any
stop order, the suspension of the qualification of the Guarantor Common
Shares issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC for amendment of the
Registration Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests
by the SEC for additional information. The Company will advise Parent,
promptly after it receives notice thereof, of any request by the SEC for the
amendment of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus or comments thereon and responses
thereto or requests by the SEC for additional information. If at any time
prior to the Effective Time any information relating to the Company or
Parent, or any of their respective affiliates, officers or directors, should
be discovered by the Company or Parent which should be set forth in an
amendment or supplement to either of the Registration Statement or the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus so that any of such documents would not include any
misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, the party which discovers such information
shall promptly notify the other parties hereto and an appropriate amendment
or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the
SEC and, to the extent required by law, disseminated to the shareholders of
the Company.   (b) Parent shall cause Guarantor to include as an exhibit to
the Registration Statement tax opinions of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and
Simpson Thacher and Bartlett, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Parent and to the Company, on the basis of customary facts,
representations, warranties, covenants and assumptions set forth in such
opinions, to the effect that the Merger will be treated for United States
federal income tax   -49-    purposes as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code that is not subject to Section
367(a)(1) of the Code pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(a)-(3)(c)
(other than with respect to Company shareholders who are or will be "five-
percent transferee shareholders" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.367(a)-3(c)(5)(ii)), and that each of Guarantor, Parent, Merger Sub
and the Company will be a party to the reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(b) of the Code.   (c) The Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall
include the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company in favor
of adoption of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set
forth in this Section 5.01 or Section 5.02, the Company shall not be
obligated to take the action set forth in the preceding sentence of this
Section 5.01(c) or to take the actions set forth in the second sentence of
Section 5.02 to the extent that the Board of Directors of the Company
determines (after due consultation with independent counsel, which may be
Simpson Thacher and Bartlett) that such action is, or is reasonably likely that
such action is, or is reasonably likely to be, inconsistent with the proper
discharge of its fiduciary duties.   Section 5.02 Company Shareholders
Meeting. The Company shall establish a record date for, duly call, give
notice of, convene and hold the Company Shareholders Meeting as promptly as
practicable for the purpose of voting upon the adoption of this Agreement,
and the Company shall use all reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to the Company\'s shareholders and to hold
the Company Shareholders Meeting as promptly as practicable after the
Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act. The
Company shall solicit from its shareholders proxies in favor of adoption of
this Agreement and shall take all other reasonable action necessary or
advisable to secure the vote or consent of shareholders in favor of such
adoption.   Section 5.03 Access to Information; Confidentiality.
Upon reasonable notice and subject to restrictions contained in
confidentiality agreements (from which such party shall use reasonable
efforts to be released), the Company shall (and shall cause its subsidiaries
to) and Parent shall take all action necessary such that Guarantor and its
subsidiaries shall (i) afford to the officers, employees, accountants,
counsel and other representatives of the other, reasonable access, during the
period after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the
Effective Time, to the properties, books, contracts, commitments and records
of the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, and, (ii) during such period,
furnish promptly to the other all information concerning the business,
properties and personnel of the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, as
such other party may reasonably request, and each shall make available to the
other the appropriate individuals (including attorneys, accountants and
other professionals) for discussion of the Company\'s or Guarantor\'s, as
applicable,   -50-    business, properties and personnel as either
Parent or the Company may reasonably request. Such information shall be kept
confidential in accordance with the terms of the confidentiality agreements,
dated May 22 and June 14, 2000 (the "Confidentiality Agreements"), between
Guarantor and the Company.   Section 5.04 Consents; Approvals.   (a)
Subject to Section 5.08, the Company and Parent shall each use its reasonable
best efforts (and Parent shall cause Guarantor to use its reasonable best
efforts) to obtain and to cooperate with each other in order to obtain all
consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders (including, without
limitation, all United States and non-United States governmental and
regulatory rulings and approvals), and the Company and Parent shall make (and
Parent shall cause Guarantor to make) all filings (including, without
limitation, all filings with United States and non-United States governmental
or regulatory agencies) required in connection with the authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Parent and the
consummation by them of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company and
Parent shall furnish (and Parent shall cause Guarantor to furnish) all
information required to be included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the
Registration Statement, or for any application or other filing to be made
pursuant to the rules and regulations of any United States or non-United
States governmental body in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (b) The Company shall, and Parent shall cause Guarantor
to, notify the other promptly upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC
or its staff or any other government officials in connection with any filing
made pursuant hereto and of any request by the SEC or its staff or any other
government officials for amendments or supplements to the Registration
Statement, the Proxy Statement/Prospectus or any other filings or for
additional information and will supply the other with copies of all
correspondence between such party or any of its representatives, on the one
hand, and the SEC, or its staff or any other government officials, on the
other hand, with respect to the Registration Statement, the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, the Merger or any other filing. The Company shall, and
Parent shall cause Guarantor to, cause all documents that it is responsible
for filing with the SEC or other regulatory authorities under Section 5.01
and this Section 5.04 to comply in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of law and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Whenever any event occurs which is required to be set forth in an amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
or any other filing, the Company will, or Parent will cause Guarantor to, as
the case may be, promptly inform the other of such occurrence and cooperate
in filing with the SEC or its staff or any other government officials and/or
mailing to shareholders of Company, such amendment or supplement.   
-51-     Section 5.05 Agreements with Respect to Affiliates. The
Company shall deliver to Parent, prior to the date the Registration Statement
becomes effective under the Securities Act, a letter identifying all persons
who, at the Effective Time, are anticipated to be "affiliates" of the Company
for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use
its reasonable best efforts to cause each person who is identified as
an "affiliate" in the Affiliate Letter to deliver to Parent prior to
the Effective Time a written agreement in connection with restrictions
on affiliates under Rule 145 under the Securities Act in a form
mutually agreeable to the Company and Parent.   Section 5.06
Indemnification and Insurance.   (a) The Certificate of Incorporation and
By-laws of the Surviving Corporation shall contain the provisions with
respect to indemnification set forth in the Company Charter Documents, which
provisions shall not be amended, modified or otherwise repealed for a period
of six years from the Effective Time in any manner that would adversely
affect the rights thereunder as of the Effective Time of individuals who at
the Effective Time were directors, officers, employees or agents of the
Company, unless such modification is required after the Effective Time by law
and then only to the minimum extent required by such law.   (b) The
Surviving Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law or under the Surviving Corporation\'s Certificate of Incorporation or By-
laws, indemnify and hold harmless, each present and former director, officer
or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, the
"Indemnified Parties") against any costs or expenses (including attorneys\'
fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and amounts
paid in settlement in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, (x)
arising out of or pertaining to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or (y) otherwise with respect to any acts or omissions occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time, to the same extent as provided in the Company
Charter Documents or any applicable contract or agreement as in effect on the
date hereof, in each case for a period of six years after the Effective Time.
In the event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation
(whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) any counsel
retained by the Indemnified Parties for any period after the Effective Time
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Surviving Corporation, (ii) after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall pay the reasonable fees and
expenses of such counsel, promptly after statements therefor are received,
provided that the Indemnified Parties shall be required to reimburse the
Surviving Corporation for such payments in the circumstances and to the
extent required by the Company Charter Documents, any applicable contract or
agreement or applicable law, and (iii) the Surviving Corporation will
cooperate in the defense of any   -52-    such matter; provided,
however, that the Surviving Corporation shall not be liable for any
settlement effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld); and provided, further, that, in the event that any
claim or claims for indemnification are asserted or made within such six-year
period, all rights to indemnification in respect of any such claim or claims
shall continue until the disposition of any and all such claims. The
Indemnified Parties as a group may retain only one law firm to represent them
in each applicable jurisdiction with respect to any single action unless
there is, under applicable standards of professional conduct, a conflict on
any significant issue between the positions of any two or more Indemnified
Parties, in which case each Indemnified Person with respect to whom such a
conflict exists (or group of such Indemnified Persons who among them have no
such conflict) may retain one separate law firm in each applicable
jurisdiction.   (c) The Surviving Corporation shall honor and fulfill in
all respects the obligations of the Company pursuant to
indemnification agreements and employment agreements (the parties under such
agreements being referred to as the "Covered Persons") with the Company\'s
directors and officers existing at or before the Effective Time, provided
such agreements do not violate Section 4.01(f).   (d) In addition, Parent
will provide, or cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, for a period of
not less than six years after the Effective Time, the Company\'s current
directors and officers with an insurance and indemnification policy that
provides coverage for events occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (the
"DandO; Insurance") that is no less favorable than the existing policy or, if
substantially equivalent insurance coverage is unavailable, the best
available coverage; provided, however, that Parent and the Surviving
Corporation shall not be required to pay an annual premium for the DandO;
Insurance in excess of 200% of the annual premium currently paid by the
Company for such insurance, but in such case shall purchase as much such
coverage as possible for such amount.   (e) From and after the Effective
Time, Parent shall unconditionally guarantee the timely payment of all funds
owing by, and the timely performance of all other obligations of, the
Surviving Corporation under this Section 5.06.   (f) This Section shall
survive the consummation of the Merger at the Effective Time, is intended to
benefit the Company, the Surviving Corporation, the Indemnified Parties and
the Covered Persons, shall be binding on all successors and assigns of the
Surviving Corporation and shall be enforceable by the Indemnified Parties and
the Covered Persons.   Section 5.07 Notification of Certain Matters. The
Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent shall give prompt
notice to the   -53-    Company, of (i) the occurrence or nonoccurrence
of any event the occurrence or nonoccurrence of which would reasonably be
expected to cause any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement
to be materially untrue or inaccurate, or (ii) any failure of the Company,
Parent or Merger Sub, as the case may be, materially to comply with or
satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied
by it hereunder; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant
to this Section shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice; and provided further that
failure to give such notice shall not be treated as a breach of covenant for
the purposes of Sections 7.01(h) unless the failure to give such notice
results in material prejudice to the other party.   Section 5.08 Further
Action/Tax Treatment.   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
hereof, each of the parties hereto shall use all reasonable efforts to, and
Parent shall cause Guarantor to use all reasonable efforts to, take, or cause
to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all other things
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective as promptly
as practicable the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, to obtain in
a timely manner all necessary waivers, consents and approvals and to effect
all necessary registrations and filings, and otherwise to satisfy or cause to
be satisfied all conditions precedent to its obligations under this
Agreement. The foregoing covenant shall include the obligation by Guarantor
to agree to divest, abandon, license, hold separate or take similar action
with respect to any assets (tangible or intangible) which are not material to
Guarantor or the Company (but shall not include any obligation by Guarantor
to agree to divest, abandon, license, hold separate or take similar action
with respect to any material assets (tangible or intangible) of Guarantor or
the Company). For this purpose, assets shall be deemed not to be material to
the Company, if they account for no more than 2% of the total revenues of the
Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or to Guarantor, if they
account for no more than 2% of the total revenues of Guarantor\'s Healthcare
Group.   (b) Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall, and
Parent shall cause Guarantor to, use its reasonable best efforts to cause the
Merger to qualify, and will not (both before and after the Effective Time)
take any actions, or fail to take any action, which could reasonably be
expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization under the
provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code that is not subject to Section
367(a)(1) of the Code pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(a)-(3)(c)
(other than with respect to Company shareholders who are or will be "five-
percent transferee shareholders" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.367(a)-3(c)(5)(ii)). Parent shall, and shall cause the
Surviving Corporation and Guarantor to, report, to the extent required by the
Code or the regulations thereunder, the Merger for income tax purposes as
a   -54-    reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the
Code. Each of Parent and the Company shall make, and shall cause their
affiliates to make, such representations, warranties and covenants as shall
be requested reasonably in the circumstances by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
and Simpson Thacher and Bartlett in order for such firms to render their
opinions referred to in Section 5.01(b).   Section 5.09 Public
Announcements. Parent and the Company shall consult with each other before
issuing (and in the case of Parent, before Guarantor issues) any press
release or making any written public statement with respect to the Merger or
this Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or make any such
public statement without the prior consent of the other party, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that either party may,
without the prior consent of the other, issue such press release or make such
public statement as may upon the advice of counsel be required by law or the
rules and regulations of the NYSE if it has used all reasonable efforts to
consult with the other party.   Section 5.10 Guarantor Common Shares.  
(a) Parent shall obtain from Guarantor, and shall cause Guarantor to transfer
to Parent, the Guarantor Common Shares to be delivered by Parent to the
holders of Company Common Stock in the Merger.   (b) Parent shall cause
Guarantor to use its best efforts to cause the Guarantor Common Shares to be
delivered by Parent to the holders of Company Common Stock in the Merger or
to be issued upon exercise of the Adjusted Options to be listed, upon
official notice of issuance, on the NYSE prior to the Effective Time.   (c)
Parent shall cause Guarantor on a timely basis to take any action required to
be taken under non-U.S. securities laws in connection with the issuance of
Guarantor Common Shares in the Merger.   Section 5.11 Stock Options and
ESPP. (a) At the Effective Time, Parent shall take all necessary action to
provide that each outstanding Company Stock Option, whether or not then
exercisable, will continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and
conditions set forth in the relevant Company Stock Option Plan and applicable
award agreement immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided, however,
that all Company Stock Options, other than Company Stock Options granted
after the date hereof, shall be 100% vested and exercisable at the Effective
Time, except that, (i) each Company Stock Option will be exercisable (or will
become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number of whole
Guarantor Common Shares equal to the product of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such the Company
Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the
Exchange Ratio, rounded to the nearest whole   -55-    number of
Guarantor Common Shares, (ii) the per share exercise price for the Guarantor
Common Shares issuable upon exercise of such Company Stock Option will be
equal to the quotient determined by dividing the exercise price per share of
the Company Common Stock at which such Company Stock option was exercisable
immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio, rounded to the
nearest whole cent and (iii) Parent or the Company shall take all necessary
actions to enable the holders of such Company Stock Options to effect a
"brokered cashless exercise" of such options as of the Effective Time or
promptly thereafter (each such Company Stock Option, as modified,
an "Adjusted Option").   (b) Parent will cause Guarantor to take all
corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of
Guarantor Common Shares for delivery upon exercise of the Adjusted Options
and to file a registration statement on Form S-8 for the Guarantor Common
Shares issuable with respect to Adjusted Options as of or as soon as
practicable after the Effective Time and shall maintain the effectiveness of
such registration statement thereafter for so long as any of such options or
other rights remain outstanding.   (c) Beginning on the date hereof, the
Company shall not establish any new employee stock purchase plans or extend
the availability of the Company ESPP to any employees not previously included
in the Company ESPP, or, in either case, implement any decisions to do the
same, whether or not such decisions have been communicated to employees. The
Company shall take such action as is necessary to cause the ending date of
the then current offering period under the Company ESPP to be prior to the
Effective Time and to terminate such plans as of the Effective Time. All
shares of Company Common Stock under the Company ESPP shall be issued to
participants in a manner such that the shares will be treated as all other
shares of Company Common Stock. Parent shall, to the extent legally feasible,
enable employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to participate in
Guarantor\'s employee stock purchase plan, in a manner consistent with the
current practice of Parent\'s affiliates.   Section 5.12 Certain Employee
Benefits.   (a) From the Effective Time through June 30, 2001 (the
"Benefits Continuation Period"), the Surviving Corporation shall provide each
person who, as of the Effective Time, is an employee of the Company or
any subsidiary of the Company (a "Company Employee") with employee benefits
that are comparable in the aggregate to those provided to such Company
Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time, provided, however, subject
to applicable law and contractual restrictions, that the Surviving
Corporation shall have the right to amend any Company Employee Plans,
including without limitation, any retiree welfare benefit plans or pension
benefit plans, in effect as of the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, from the   -56-    Effective Time through the end of the
Benefits Continuation Period the Surviving Corporation shall maintain
severance plans, policies and programs for the benefit of each Company
employee that are substantially comparable to the severance plans, policies
and programs of the Company as in effect for such employee immediately prior
to the Effective Time, provided, however, that, except as required by
contractual obligation, no such employee shall be entitled to a severance
benefit in excess of one year\'s salary and one year\'s continuation of
health and welfare benefits.   (b) After the Benefit Continuation Period the
Surviving Corporation shall provide the Company Employees with employee
benefits that are comparable in the aggregate to those provided to similarly
situated employees of subsidiaries of the Guarantor. For the avoidance of
doubt, it is understood that the Surviving Corporation shall have no
obligation to provide Company Employees with post-termination welfare or
pension benefits, except to the extent required by applicable law or
contractual agreement.   (c) With respect to the benefits provided pursuant
to this Section 5.12, (i) service accrued by Company Employees during
employment with the Company and its subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time
shall be recognized for eligibility and vesting and, except with respect to
defined benefit plans, benefit accrual, (ii) any and all pre-existing
condition limitations (to the extent such limitations did not apply to a pre-
existing condition under the applicable Company Employee Plan) and
eligibility waiting periods under any group health plan shall be waived with
respect to such Company Employees and their eligible dependents, and (iii)
Company Employees shall be given credit for amounts paid under a Company
Employee Plan during the same period for purposes of applying deductibles,
co-payments and out-of-pocket maximums as though such amounts had been paid
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the employee welfare plans
maintained by the Surviving Corporation or the applicable subsidiary of the
Guarantor.   (d) It is expressly agreed that (i) the provisions of Section
5.12 are not intended to be for the benefit of or otherwise enforceable by
any third party, including, without limitation, any Company Employees and
(ii) nothing herein shall prevent the Surviving Corporation or any
other subsidiary of Guarantor from amending or modifying any employee benefit
plan, program or arrangement in any respect or terminating or modifying the
terms and conditions of employment or other service of any particular
employee or any other person.   (e) Deferred Compensation. Through the
Benefits Continuation Period, the Surviving Corporation shall continue to
maintain the Company\'s Income Deferral Plan; provided that prior to the
Effective Time such plan shall be amended to eliminate the Hypothetical
Company Stock Fund and all balances in such Stock Fund shall be transferred
to another fund in the Plan. As of July 1, 2001, eligible active Company
Employees shall be given the   -57-    opportunity to participate in and
transfer their Income Deferral Plan balances to the Guarantor Deferred
Compensation Plan, the Company\'s Income Deferral Plan shall be terminated
and any remaining accounts shall be distributed as provided under the Income
Deferral Plan.   (f) Common Stock or Stock Units under Incentive
Compensation Plans or Programs. Awards payable in shares of Company Common
Stock under any Company Incentive Compensation Plan, program or agreement not
paid out or deferred prior to the Effective Time shall be converted to an
award payable in cash only. Guarantor will be under no obligation to issue
any Guarantor Common Shares pursuant to any Company Incentive Compensation
Plan, program or agreement after the Effective Time.   Section 5.13
Redemption of the Surviving Preferred Stock. Promptly following the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation shall redeem all of the outstanding shares of
the Surviving Preferred Stock in accordance with the applicable provisions of
the Surviving Corporation\'s Certificate of Incorporation, with the
redemption proceeds payable out of the Company\'s assets. In no event shall
Parent or any affiliate thereof (other than a subsidiary of the Company)
reimburse the Surviving Corporation for such redemption payments.   Section
5.14 Accountants Letters. Upon reasonable notice from the other, the Company
shall use its best efforts to cause Ernst and Young LLP to deliver to Parent,
and Parent shall use its best efforts to cause PricewaterhouseCoopers to
deliver to the Company, a letter covering such matters as are reasonably
requested by Parent or the Company, as the case may be, and as are
customarily addressed in accountants\' "comfort letters."   Section 5.15
Compliance with State Property Transfer Statutes. The Company agrees that it
shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to comply promptly with all
requirements of applicable state property transfer laws as may be required by
the relevant state agency and shall take all action necessary to cause the
transactions contemplated hereby to be effected in compliance with applicable
state property transfer laws, except where the failure to so comply will not
materially affect the right to use or enjoy any applicable property after the
Effective Time. The Company, after consultation with Parent, shall determine
which actions must be taken prior to or after the Effective Time to comply
with applicable state property transfer laws. The Company agrees to provide
Parent with any documents required to be submitted to the relevant state
agency prior to submission, and the Company shall not take any action to
comply with applicable state property transfer laws without Parent\'s prior
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Parent
shall provide, and shall cause Guarantor to provide, to the Company any
assistance reasonably requested by the Company with respect to such
compliance.    -58-     Section 5.16 Conveyance Taxes. Parent and the
Company shall cooperate in the preparation, execution and filing of all
returns, questionnaires, applications, or other documents regarding any real
property transfer or gains, sales, use, transfer, value added, stock transfer
and stamp taxes, any transfer, recording, registration and other fees, and
any similar taxes which become payable in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby that are required or permitted to be filed
on or before the Effective Time, and the Company shall be responsible for the
payment of all such taxes and fees. In no event shall Parent or any affiliate
thereof (other than a subsidiary of the Company) reimburse the Company for
the payment of such taxes and fees.   ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO THE
MERGER   Section 6.01 Conditions to Obligation of Each Party to Effect
the Merger. The respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger
shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of
the following conditions:   (a) Effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement shall have been declared effective by
the SEC under the Securities Act. No stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement shall have been issued by the SEC and no
proceedings for that purpose and no similar proceeding in respect of the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall have been initiated or threatened by the
SEC;   (b) Shareholder Adoption. This Agreement shall have been adopted by
the requisite vote of the shareholders of the Company;   (c) Antitrust. All
waiting periods applicable to the consummation of the Merger under the HSR
Act shall have expired or been terminated, and all clearances and approvals
required to be obtained in respect of the Merger prior to the Effective Time
under any Non-U.S. Monopoly Laws shall have been obtained, except where the
failure to have obtained any such clearances or approvals with respect to any
Non-U.S. Monopoly Laws would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, Guarantor or Guarantor\'s Healthcare
Group;   (d) Governmental Actions. There shall not have been
instituted, pending or threatened any action or proceeding (or any
investigation or other inquiry that is reasonably likely to result in such an
action or proceeding) by any Governmental Authority or before any
Governmental Authority or court of competent jurisdiction, United States or
non-United States, that is reasonably likely to result in an order, nor shall
there be in effect any judgment, decree or order of any Governmental
Authority or court of competent jurisdiction, or any other legal restraint
(i) preventing or seeking to   -59-    prevent consummation of the
Merger, (ii) prohibiting or seeking to prohibit, or limiting or seeking to
limit, Parent from exercising all material rights and privileges pertaining
to its ownership of the Surviving Corporation or the ownership or operation
by Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries of all or a material portion of the
business or assets of the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries, or
(iii) compelling or seeking to compel Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries
(including the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries) to dispose of or
hold separate assets which are material to Guarantor or the Company, as a
result of the Merger or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
provided that for purposes of this Section 6.01(d), assets shall be deemed to
be not material to the Company, if they account for no more than 2% of the
total revenues of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or to
Guarantor, if they account for no more than 2% of the total revenues of
Guarantor\'s Healthcare Group;   (e) Illegality. No statute, rule,
regulation or order shall be enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable
to the Merger which makes the consummation of the Merger illegal; and   (f)
Tax Opinions. The Company shall have received a written opinion of Simpson
Thacher and Bartlett, and Parent shall have received a written opinion of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
each of them, on the basis of customary representations, warranties,
covenants and assumptions set forth in such opinions, and delivered as of the
date of the Effective Time, to the effect that the Merger will constitute a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code that is not
subject to Section 367(a)(1) of the Code pursuant to Treasury Regulation
Section 1.367(a)-(3)(c) (other than with respect to Company shareholders who
are or will be "five-percent transferee shareholders" within the meaning of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(a)-3(c)(5)(ii)), and that each of
Guarantor, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company will be a party to the
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.   Section
6.02 Additional Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The
obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are also subject to
the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
shall be true and correct in all respects (without for this purpose giving
effect to qualifications of materiality contained in such representations
and warranties) on and as of the Effective Time, with the same force and
effect as if made on and as of the Effective Time, except for (i)
changes contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) those representations and
warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which shall
have been true and correct as of such date, subject to clause (iii)), or
(iii) where   -60-    the failure to be true and correct would not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate with all other such
failures, to have a Material Adverse Effect, and Parent and Merger Sub shall
have received a certificate of the Company to such effect signed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company;   (b)
Agreements and Covenants. The Company shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Effective
Time, and Parent and Merger Sub shall have received a certificate to such
effect signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of
the Company; provided, however, that unless the Company knowingly breaches
Section 4.01(j), the Company shall be deemed to have complied with Section
4.01(j) unless the failure to comply with such section also results in the
failure of the condition set forth in Section 6.02(a);   (c) Consents
Obtained. All material consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders
required to be obtained, and all filings required to be made, by the Company
for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been
obtained and made by the Company, except where the failure to receive such
consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders or to make such
filings would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate
with all other such failures, to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, Parent or Guarantor; and   (d) Affiliate Agreements. Parent shall
have received from each person who is identified in the Affiliate Letter as
an "affiliate" of the Company an Affiliate Agreement, and such Affiliate
Agreement shall be in full force and effect.   Section 6.03 Additional
Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to
effect the Merger is also subject to the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent
and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all
respects (without for this purpose giving effect to qualifications of
materiality contained in such representations and warranties) on and as of
the Effective Time, with the same force and effect as if made on and as of
the Effective Time, except for (i) changes contemplated by this Agreement,
(ii) those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a
particular date (which shall have been true and correct as of such date,
subject to clause (iii)), or (iii) where the failure to be true and correct
could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate with all
other such failures, to have a    -61-    Material Adverse Effect, and
the Company shall have received a certificate to such effect signed by the
President or Chief Financial Officer of Parent;   (b) Agreements and
Covenants. Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or prior to the
Effective Time, and the Company shall have received a certificate of Parent
to such effect signed by the President or Chief Financial Officer of
Parent;   (c) Consents Obtained. All material consents, waivers,
approvals, authorizations or orders required to be obtained, and all filings
required to be made, by Parent, Merger Sub or Guarantor for the
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Guarantee, as
applicable, and the consummation by them of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby shall have been obtained and made by Parent, Merger Sub or
Guarantor, except where the failure to receive such consents, waivers,
approvals, authorizations or orders or to make such filings would not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate with all other such
failures, to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, Parent or
Guarantor; and   (d) Listing. The Guarantor Common Shares to be delivered
by Parent in connection with the Merger and upon exercise of the
Adjusted Options shall have been authorized for listing on the NYSE upon
official notice of issuance.   ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION   Section 7.01
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, notwithstanding adoption thereof by the shareholders of the
Company:   (a) by mutual written consent duly authorized by the Boards
of Directors of Parent and the Company; or   (b) by either Parent or the
Company, if the Merger shall not have been consummated by December 31, 2000
(other than for the reasons set forth in clause (c) below); provided,
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section
7.01(b) shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any
obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the
failure of the Merger to be consummated on or prior to such date; or   (c)
by either Parent or the Company, if the requisite vote of the shareholders of
the Company shall not have been obtained by December 31, 2000, or if the
shareholders of the Company shall not have adopted this  
-62-    Agreement at the Company Shareholders Meeting; provided, however,
that the Company may not terminate pursuant to this clause if the Company has
not complied with its obligations under Section 5.02; or   (d) by either
Parent or the Company, if a court of competent jurisdiction or Governmental
Authority shall have issued a nonappealable final order, decree or ruling or
taken any other nonappealable final action having the effect of permanently
restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger; or   (e) by
Parent, if, whether or not permitted to do so by this Agreement, the Board of
Directors of the Company or the Company shall (x) (i) withdraw, modify or
change its approval, adoption or recommendation of this Agreement or the
Merger in a manner adverse to Parent or shall have resolved to do so; (ii)
approve or recommend to the shareholders of the Company an Acquisition
Proposal or Alternative Transaction; (iii) approve or recommend that the
shareholders of the Company tender their shares in any tender or exchange
offer that is an Alternative Transaction; or (iv) fail to include the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company in favor of approval
of this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.01(c) or fail to take the action
required by the second sentence of Section 5.02; or (y) take any public
position or make any disclosures to the Company\'s shareholders, whether or
not permitted pursuant to Section 4.02, which has the effect of any of the
foregoing (it being understood and agreed that a communication by the Board
of Directors of the Company to the Company\'s shareholders pursuant to Rule
14d-9(f)(3) of the Exchange Act, or any similar type of communication to the
Company\'s shareholders in connection with the making or amendment of
a tender offer or exchange offer, shall not be deemed to constitute a basis
for termination under this Section 7.01(e)); or   (f) by Parent or the
Company, if any representation or warranty of the Company or Parent and
Merger Sub, respectively, set forth in this Agreement shall be untrue when
made, such that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.02(a) or 6.03(a), as
the case may be, would not be satisfied (a "Terminating Misrepresentation");
provided that if such Terminating Misrepresentation is curable prior to
December 31, 2000 by the Company or Parent, as the case may be, through the
exercise of its reasonable best efforts and for so long as the Company or
Parent, as the case may be, continues to exercise such reasonable best
efforts, neither Parent nor the Company, respectively, may terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.01(f); or   (g) by Parent, if any
representation or warranty of the Company shall have become untrue such that
the condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) would not be satisfied, or by the
Company, if any representation or warranty of Parent and Merger Sub shall
have become untrue such that the condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) would
not be satisfied (in either case, a   -63-    "Terminating Change"), in
either case other than by reason of a Terminating Breach (as hereinafter
defined); provided that if any such Terminating Change is curable prior to
December 31, 2000 by the Company or Parent, as the case may be, through the
exercise of its reasonable best efforts, and for so long as the Company or
Parent, as the case may be, continues to exercise such reasonable best
efforts, neither Parent nor the Company, respectively, may terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.01(g); or   (h) by Parent or the Company,
upon a breach of any covenant or agreement on the part of the Company or of
Parent or Merger Sub, respectively, set forth in this Agreement such that the
conditions set forth in Sections 6.02(b) or 6.03(b), as the case may be,
would not be satisfied (a "Terminating Breach"); provided that, except for
any breach of the Company\'s obligations under Section 4.02, if such
Terminating Breach is curable prior to December 31, 2000 by the Company or
Parent, as the case may be, through the exercise of its reasonable best
efforts and for so long as the Company or Parent, as the case may be,
continues to exercise such reasonable best efforts, neither Parent nor the
Company, respectively, may terminate this Agreement under this Section
7.01(h); or   (i) by the Company, if (w) the Board of Directors of the
Company shall have authorized the Company, subject to complying with the
terms of this Agreement, including Section 4.02, to enter into a definitive
agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal and the Company shall have
notified Parent in writing that it intends to enter into such an agreement,
attaching a summary of the material terms thereof, (x) Parent shall not have
made, within two full business days (disregarding any partial business days)
of receipt of the Company\'s written notification of its intention to enter
into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, an offer
that the Board of Directors of the Company determines, in good faith
after consultation with its financial advisors, is at least as favorable,
from a financial point of view, to the shareholders of the Company as the
Superior Proposal, (y) the Company prior to such termination pursuant to this
clause (i) shall have paid to Parent in immediately available funds the Fee
and the Expenses required to be paid pursuant to Section 7.03(b), and (z)
this Agreement shall not theretofore have been adopted at the Company
Shareholders Meeting; or   (j) by Parent, if the Average Share Price is
less than the Floor Price, provided that (i) Parent shall have given the
Company notice of its intention to terminate pursuant to this Section 7.01(j)
prior to 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the business day following the
Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date and (ii) the Company shall not, by 5:00
p.m. New York City time on the third business day following the Closing
Conditions Satisfaction Date, have delivered a notice to Parent agreeing that
the Exchange Ratio shall equal $47.50 divided by the Floor Price; provided
further that if the Company shall deliver the notice referred to in the
preceding clause (ii),   -64-    this Agreement shall not be terminated
under this Section 7.01(j) and the Exchange Ratio for all purposes of this
Agreement shall equal $47.50 divided by the Floor Price or, if the parties
shall so agree in their sole and absolute discretion, a number in excess of
$47.50 divided by the Floor Price.   Section 7.02 Effect of Termination. In
the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the
part of any party hereto or any of its affiliates, directors, officers or
shareholders except that (i) the Company, Parent or Merger Sub may have
liability or obligations as set forth in Section 7.03 and as set forth in or
contemplated by Section 8.01 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall relieve the Company, Parent or Merger Sub from liability for any
willful breach hereof or willful misrepresentation herein (it being
understood that (x) the provisions of Section 7.03 do not constitute a sole
or exclusive remedy for such willful breach or misrepresentation and (y) the
mere existence of a Material Adverse Effect, by itself, shall not constitute
such a willful breach).   Section 7.03 Fees and Expenses. (a) Except as set
forth in this Section 7.03, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the
party incurring such expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated;
provided, however, that Parent and the Company shall share equally (i) all
SEC filing fees and printing expenses incurred in connection with the
printing and filing of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (including any
preliminary materials related thereto) and the Registration Statement
(including financial statements and exhibits) and any amendments or
supplements thereto and (ii) conveyance and similar taxes required to be paid
or which Parent has agreed should be paid prior to the Effective Time
pursuant to Section 5.16.   (b) The Company shall pay Guarantor a fee of
$110 million (the "Fee") and shall also pay Parent\'s and Guarantor\'s
respective actual, documented and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses relating
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, but not
limited to, fees and expenses of counsel and accountants and out-of-pocket
expenses (but not fees) of financial advisors) ("Expenses," as applicable to
Parent, Guarantor or the Company) in a combined amount not to exceed $3
million, upon the first to occur of any of the following events:   (i) the
termination of this Agreement by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section
7.01(c) following the Company Shareholders Meeting at which the shareholders
of the Company failed to adopt this Agreement, provided that (A) the
Alternative Transaction Condition is satisfied; and (B) the Meeting Average
Share Price is equal to or greater than the Floor Price;     -65-    
(ii) the termination of this Agreement by Parent pursuant to Section 7.01(e);
or   (iii) the termination of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to
Section 7.01(i).   The "Meeting Average Share Price" means the average
(rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) of the Daily Per Share Prices for the five
consecutive trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the
Company Shareholders Meeting.   The "Floor Price" means (i) $37.00 or (ii)
if lower, the Meeting Average Share Price, but only if Parent in its sole and
absolute discretion irrevocably agrees, by notice to the Company delivered
not later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the business day prior to the
Company Shareholders Meeting, that the Floor Price shall be the Meeting
Average Share Price (in which case for all purposes of this Agreement, the
Floor Price shall equal the Average Meeting Price); provided that if Parent
delivers such a notice, the Company may postpone the Company Shareholders
Meeting for a period of up to three business days; provided further that the
Meeting Average Share Price shall be computed in such case without regard to
such postponement.   The "Alternative Transaction Condition" shall be
satisfied in respect of a termination of this Agreement if an Alternative
Transaction shall be publicly announced by the Company or any third party
within 12 months following the date of termination of this Agreement and
such transaction shall at any time thereafter be consummated on substantially
the terms theretofore announced, and in the case of Section 7.03(b)(i),
such transaction provides for a per Share consideration with a fair market
value greater than $47.50; provided that for purposes of this definition,
the definition of Alternative Transaction set forth in Section 4.02(a) shall
be modified to replace "25%," as it appears in such definition, with
"40%."   (c) Upon a termination of this Agreement by Parent pursuant
to Section 7.01(h), (i) the Company shall pay to Guarantor and Parent
their respective Expenses relating to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement in a combined amount not to exceed $3 million, and (ii) the
Company shall pay Guarantor the Fee provided that (I) such Termination Breach
is willful and (II) the Alternative Transaction Condition is satisfied.  
(d) Upon a termination of this Agreement by Parent pursuant to Section
7.01(f), the Company shall pay to Guarantor and Parent their respective
Expenses in a combined amount not to exceed $3 million.   (e) Upon a
termination of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(f) or
Section 7.01(h), Parent shall pay to the Company its Expenses in an amount
not to exceed $3 million.   -66-     (f) The Fee and Expenses payable
pursuant to Section 7.03(b) or Section 7.03(c), or the Expenses payable
pursuant to Section 7.03(d) or Section 7.03(e), shall be paid within one
business day after a demand for payment following the first to occur of any
of the events described in the aforesaid Sections, as applicable; provided
that, in no event shall the Company be required to pay the Fee or any
Expenses to Parent, nor shall Parent be required to pay any Expenses to the
Company if, immediately prior to the termination of this Agreement, the
entity otherwise entitled to receive such fee and/or expenses was in material
breach of its obligations under this Agreement or, in the case of Parent,
Merger Sub was in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement or
Guarantor was in material breach of the Guarantee.   (g) Each of the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub agrees that the payments provided for in this
Section 7.03 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of Parent and Merger Sub
upon a termination of this Agreement by Parent pursuant to Section 7.01(c),
(e), (f), (h) or (i), and the payments provided for in this Section 7.03
shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of the Company upon a termination of
this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(f) or (h), regardless
of the circumstances giving rise to such termination; provided, however, that
the foregoing shall not apply to any willful breach of this Agreement or any
willful misrepresentation hereunder giving rise to such termination. Subject
to Section 7.03(f), if a party is entitled to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to more than one clause of Section 7.01, such party shall be
entitled to receive the Fees and Expenses to which it is entitled as a result
of any such termination, provided that in no event shall there be any
duplication of payment.   ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS   Section 8.01
Effectiveness of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. (a) Except as
otherwise provided in this Section 8.01, the representations, warranties and
agreements of each party hereto shall remain operative and in full force and
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any other
party hereto, any person controlling any such party or any of their officers
or directors, whether prior to or after the execution of this Agreement. The
representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement shall terminate
at the Effective Time or upon the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.01, as the case may be, except that the agreements set forth in
Article I and Sections 5.06 and 5.08 and any other agreement in this
Agreement which contemplates performance after the Effective Time shall
survive the Effective Time indefinitely and those set forth in Sections 7.02
and 7.03 and this Article VIII shall survive termination indefinitely. The
Confidentiality Agreements shall survive termination of this Agreement in
accordance with their terms.    -67-     (b) Any disclosure made with
reference to one or more Sections of the Company Disclosure Schedule or the
Parent Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed disclosed with respect to each
other section therein as to which such disclosure is relevant provided that
such relevance is reasonably apparent. Disclosure of any matter in the
Company Disclosure Schedule or the Parent Disclosure Schedule shall not be
deemed an admission that such matter is material.   Section 8.02 Notices.
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made if and when
delivered personally or by overnight courier to the parties at the following
addresses or sent by electronic transmission, with confirmation received, to
the telecopy numbers specified below (or at such other address or telecopy
number for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   If to Parent or
Merger Sub:   Tyco Acquisition Corp. VI (NV)/EVM Merger Corp.  c/o Tyco
International (US) Inc.  One Tyco Park  Exeter, NH 03833  Attn: President 
Telecopy: (603) 778-7700   With a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to:   Tyco International (US) Inc.  One Tyco Park  Exeter, NH 03833 
Attn: Chief Corporate Counsel  Telecopy: (603) 778-7700   and   Kramer
Levin Naftalis and Frankel LLP  919 Third Avenue  New York, NY 10022  Attn:
Abbe L. Dienstag, Esq.  Telecopy: (212) 715-8000  Telephone: (212)
715-9100    -68-     If to the Company:   Mallinckrodt Inc.  675
McDonnell Boulevard  St. Louis, Missouri 63042    Attn: General Counsel 
Telecopy: (314) 654-5366  Telephone: (314) 654-2000   With a copy (which
shall not constitute notice) to:   Simpson Thacher and Bartlett  425
Lexington Avenue  New York, NY 10017-3954  Attn: Alan D. Schnitzer, Esq. 
Telecopy: (212) 455-2502  Telephone: (212) 455-2000   Section 8.03 Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the term:   (a) "affiliates",
with respect to any person, means a person that directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, the first mentioned person;   (b) "business day" means
any day other than a day on which banks in New York City are required or
authorized to be closed;   (c) "control" (including the terms "controlled
by" and "under common control with") means the possession, directly or
indirectly or as trustee or executor, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of a person, whether through the
ownership of stock, as trustee or executor, by contract or credit arrangement
or otherwise;   (d) "dollars" or "$" means United States dollars;   (e)
"knowledge" means, with respect to any matter in question, that the executive
officers or any employee having primary or substantial oversight
responsibility for the matter of the Company, Parent or Guarantor, as the
case may be, have or at any time had actual knowledge of such matter;   (f)
"person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, association, trust,
unincorporated organization, other entity or group (as defined in Section
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act); and   (g) "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" of
the Company, the Surviving Corporation, Parent, Guarantor or any other person
means any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other legal entity of
which the Company, the Surviving Corporation, Parent, Guarantor or such other
person, as the case may be (either alone or through or together with any
other subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the stock
or other equity interests the holders of which are generally entitled to vote
for the election of the   -69-    board of directors or other governing
body of such corporation or other legal entity.   When reference is made in
this Agreement to the Company, Parent or Guarantor, such reference shall
include their respective subsidiaries, as and to the extent the context so
requires, whether or not explicitly stated in this Agreement.   Section
8.04 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto by action
taken by or on behalf of their respective Boards of Directors at any time
prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, that, after adoption of this
Agreement by the shareholders of the Company, no amendment may be made which
by law requires approval by such shareholders without such approval. This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the
parties hereto.   Section 8.05 Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, any party hereto may with respect to any other party hereto (a) extend
the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts, (b)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein
or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, or (c) waive compliance with
any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any such extension or
waiver shall be valid if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the
party or parties to be bound thereby.   Section 8.06 Headings. The headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  
Section 8.07 Severability. (a) If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of
law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement
shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or
legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in
any material manner adverse to any party. Upon a determination that any term
or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the extent possible.   (b) The Company and Parent agree that
the Fee provided in Section 7.03(b) is fair and reasonable in the
circumstances. If a court of competent jurisdiction shall nonetheless, by a
final, non-appealable judgment, determine that the amount of the Fee exceeds
the maximum amount permitted by law, then the amount of the Fee shall be
reduced to the maximum amount    -70-    permitted by law in the
circumstances, as determined by such court of competent jurisdiction.  
Section 8.08 Agreement. This Agreement and the Guarantor\'s guarantee hereof
constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and
undertakings (other than the Confidentiality Agreements), both written and
oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matters
hereof and thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or
therein.   Section 8.09 Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assigned
by operation of law or otherwise, except that all or any of the rights of
Parent and/or Merger Sub hereunder may be assigned to Guarantor or any direct
or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Guarantor, provided that no
such assignment shall relieve the assigning party of its obligations
hereunder.   Section 8.10 Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and
nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer
upon any other person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever
under or by reason of this Agreement, including, without limitation, by way
of subrogation, other than Section 5.06 (which is intended to be for the
benefit of the Indemnified Parties and Covered Persons and may be enforced by
such Indemnified Parties and Covered Persons) and Section 7.03 (which
contains provisions intended to be for the benefit of Guarantor and may be
enforced by Guarantor).   Section 8.11 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver;
Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay on the part of any party hereto in
the exercise of any right hereunder shall impair such right or be construed
to be a waiver of, or acquiescence in, any breach of any representation,
warranty or agreement herein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right. All rights and remedies existing under this Agreement are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.  
Section 8.12 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. (a) This Agreement shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State
of New York applicable to contracts executed and fully performed within the
State of New York.   (b) Each of the parties hereto submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal
courts of the United States located in the City of New York, Borough of
Manhattan with respect to any claim or cause of action arising out of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.    -71-     Section
8.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.   Section
8.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF PARENT, MERGER SUB AND THE COMPANY HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES (AND IN RESPECT OF ANY DISPUTE IN RESPECT OF THE
GUARANTEE, PARENT SHALL CAUSE GUARANTOR TO WAIVE), TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR
COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.   Section 8.15 Performance of Obligations. Unless
otherwise previously performed, Parent shall cause each of Merger Sub and the
Surviving Corporation to perform all of its obligations set forth in this
Agreement and Guarantor to perform all of its obligations under the
Guarantee.                                
-72-     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have
caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by
their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.    TYCO ACQUISITION
CORP. VI (NV)     By: /s/ Mark H. Swartz 
----------------------------------  Name: Mark H. Swartz  Title: Vice
President    EVM MERGER CORP.     By: /s/ Mark H. Swartz 
----------------------------------  Name: Mark H. Swartz  Title: Vice
President    MALLINCKRODT INC.     By: /s/ C. Ray Holman 
----------------------------------  Name: C. Ray Holman  Title: Chairman of
the Board and Chief  Executive Officer               
-73-     GUARANTEE    Tyco International Ltd. ("Guarantor") irrevocably
guarantees each and every representation, warranty, covenant, agreement and
other obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, and/or any of their respective
permitted assigns (and where any such representation or warranty is made to
the knowledge of Parent or Merger Sub, such representation or warranty shall
be deemed made to the knowledge of Guarantor), and the full and timely
performance of their respective obligations under the provisions of the
foregoing Agreement. This is a guarantee of payment and performance, and not
of collection, and Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that this guarantee is
full and unconditional, and no release or extinguishment of Parent\'s and
Merger Sub\'s obligations or liabilities (other than in accordance with the
terms of the Agreement), whether by decree in any bankruptcy proceeding or
otherwise, shall affect the continuing validity and enforceability of this
guarantee, as well as any provision requiring or contemplating performance by
Guarantor.   Guarantor hereby waives, for the benefit of the Company, (i)
any right to require the Company as a condition of payment or performance
by Guarantor, to proceed against Parent or Merger Sub or pursue any other
remedy whatsoever and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any
defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by law which limit
the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, except to the extent
that any such defense is available to Parent or Merger Sub.   Without
limiting in any way the foregoing guarantee, Guarantor covenants and agrees
to take all actions to enable Parent and Merger Sub to adhere to each
provision of the Agreement which requires an act or omission on the part of
Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries to enable Parent or Merger Sub to comply
with its obligations under the Agreement.   The provisions of Article VIII
of the Agreement are incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis, except that
notices and other communications hereunder to Guarantor shall be delivered to
Tyco International Ltd., The Zurich Centre, Second Floor, 90 Pitts Bay Road,
Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda, Attn: Chief Corporate Counsel, Telecopy No. (441)
295-9647, Confirm No. (441) 292-8674 (with a copy as provided therefor in
Section 8.02(a)).     -74-     We understand that the Company is
relying on this guarantee in entering into the Agreement and may enforce this
guarantee as if Guarantor were a party thereto.   TYCO INTERNATIONAL
LTD.    By: /s/ Mark H. Swartz  ----------------------------------  Name:
Mark H. Swartz  Title: Executive Vice President and  Chief Financial
Officer                                             
-75-    '

