 AGREEMENT and PLAN OF MERGER     EXHIBIT
10.1    -----------------------------    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER   BETWEEN   VECTOR TOBACCO INC.,   THE MEDALLION COMPANY,
INC.   AND   GARY L. HALL     -----------------------------   Dated
as of November 14, 2001   -----------------------------          
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of
November 14, 2001 between Vector Tobacco Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Purchaser"), The Medallion Company, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the
"Company"), and Gary L. Hall and the family trusts listed on the signature
page hereto, the sole stockholders of the Company ("Seller").   W I T N E S
S E T H :  - - - - - - - - - -   WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of the
Company and Purchaser have each determined that it is in the best interests
of their respective stockholders for the Company and Purchaser to combine
their respective businesses upon the terms and conditions set forth herein;
and   WHEREAS, in furtherance of such business combination, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law") and the
Stock Corporation Act of the State of Virginia ("Virginia Law"), the Company
will merger with and into Purchaser (the "Merger").   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements hereinafter
contained, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  
THE MERGER AND CLOSING   SECTION 1.01. THE MERGER.   Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with
Section 252 of Delaware Law and Section 13.1-722 of Virginia Law, at the
Effective Time (as defined below in Section 1.02), the Company shall be
merged with and into Purchaser. As a result of the Merger, the separate
corporate existence of the Company shall cease and Purchaser shall continue
as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation").  
SECTION 1.02. CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME.   The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") shall take place at the offices of the Purchaser, 700 West Main
Street, Durham, North Carolina at 10:00 a.m. local time on the later to occur
of (a) April 1, 2002 and (b) subject to Section 10.02, the fifth business day
following the date the conditions to the Closing set forth in Articles VI and
VII shall have been satisfied (other than for conditions to be satisfied at
the Closing), or at such other location, time or date as may be agreed to in
writing by Purchaser and Seller (such time and date of the Closing being
herein called the "Closing Date"). On the Closing Date, the parties hereto
shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing (i) a certificate of
merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware, in such form as is required by, and executed and acknowledged in
accordance with, Section 252 of Delaware Law and (ii) articles of merger (the
"Articles of   Merger") with the State Corporation Commission of the State
of Virginia, in such form as is required by Section 13.1-720 of Virginia Law.
The term "Effective Time" means the date and time of the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
and the Articles of Merger with the State Corporation Commission of the State
of Virginia (or such later time as may be agreed by the parties hereto and
specified in the Certificate of Merger and the Articles of Merger).  
SECTION 1.03. EFFECT OF THE MERGER.   At the Effective Time, the effect of
the Merger shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of Delaware Law
and Virginia Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of the Company and Purchaser shall vest in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions,
disabilities and duties of each of the Company and Purchaser shall become the
debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of the
Surviving Corporation.   SECTION 1.04. CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION; BY-
LAWS.   (a) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation
of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended as provided by Delaware Law.   (b) At the Effective
Time, the By-Laws of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended as provided by Delaware Law, the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such By-Laws.   SECTION 1.05.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.   The Directors of Purchaser immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, each
to hold office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and By-
Laws of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of Purchaser immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation, in each case until their respective successors are duly elected
or appointed and qualified.   SECTION 1.06. CONVERSION OF SECURITIES.  
(a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of Purchaser, the Company or the holders of capital stock thereof,
each share of Common Stock, $.01 par value, of Purchaser issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain
outstanding as a share of Common Stock of Purchaser after the Merger, and all
shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value, of the Company (the "Company Common
Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be cancelled and shall be converted into the right to receive the following
amounts in the aggregate:   (i) $75,000,000 by wire transfer to an account
designated in  writing by Seller to Purchaser on or prior to the Closing
Date; and   (ii) $10,000,000 by delivery of promissory notes of Purchaser 
(together with the $25,000,000 promissory note of Purchaser to be  delivered
on the Closing Date to Gary L. Hall pursuant to the Asset  Purchase Agreement
referred to in Section 4.16(a), the "Promissory  Notes"), in substantially
the form of Exhibit A attached hereto;   2   with such cash and
Promissory Notes to be issued ratably to each holder of the Company Common
Stock based on the number of shares thereof issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, if the confirmed
number of cigarettes sold by the Company used in computing the Company\'s
Market Share exemption (the "MSA Grandfathered Market Share") for
the purposes of Section IX(i) of the Master Settlement Agreement, dated
November 1998, as amended, by the Settling States and Participating
Manufacturers signatories thereto (the "MSA") is less than 1,292,078,785 as a
result of the claim set forth in Schedule 1.06, the amount of cash and the
principal amount of the Promissory Notes to be paid at the Closing shall be
proportionally reduced.   (b) Upon conversion of the Company Common Stock
pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 1.06, such shares shall be cancelled
and cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such
shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, other than the
right to receive cash and Promissory Notes as provided in clause (a)
above.   SECTION 1.07. CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS.   From and after the
Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and
no transfer of any capital stock of the Company shall thereafter be made. If,
after the Effective Time, certificates representing any shares of such
capital stock are presented to the Surviving Corporation, they shall be
cancelled and exchanged for the Merger consideration specified in Section
1.06.   ARTICLE II   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER   Seller
hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser, as of the date hereof and
(except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to
a prior date) as of the Closing Date, as follows (as used in this Article II,
the words "the knowledge of Seller" mean that Seller represents and warrants
as to Seller\'s actual knowledge after due inquiry of the officers of the
Company as to the subject matter covered by such representation or warranty
and receipt of confirmation of the accuracy of such representation
or warranty from the officers of the Company):   2.01. LEGAL CAPACITY.  
The Seller has the legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to
perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.   2.02. DUE AUTHORIZATION; BINDING OBLIGATION.   The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate or other action on the part of
Seller and the Company. This Agreement has been approved by Seller, the
sole stockholder of the Company, as required by Virginia Law. This Agreement
has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Seller and the Company.
This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligations of Seller and
the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the
qualification, however, that the enforcement of the rights and remedies
created hereby is subject to bankruptcy and other similar laws of general
application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and
that the availability of   3   the remedy of specific enforcement or of
injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any
proceeding therefor may be brought. If Seller is married and the Company
Common Stock constitutes community property under applicable law, this
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and
constitutes the valid and binding agreement of, Seller\'s spouse enforceable
against such spouse in accordance with its terms.   2.03. NON-
CONTRAVENTION.   The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
by Seller and the Company and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice
or the lapse of time, or both, violate, conflict with, result in the breach
of or constitute a default under, or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of any obligation of any person or to the loss
of any material right of any person under or to increased, additional,
accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements of any person under, or
result in the creation of any pledge, lien, charge or other encumbrance upon
any of the properties or assets of the Company or Seller under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of (a) the charter documents or by-laws or
other governing documents of the Company or any trust agreement or other
documents governing Seller or (b) any covenant, agreement or understanding to
which the Company or Seller is a party, or any Contract (as defined in
Section 2.16) to which the Company or Seller is a party or by which its
properties or assets are bound, or (c) any order, ruling, decree, judgment,
arbitration award, law, rule, permit, regulation or stipulation to which
Seller or the Company is subject, other than, in the case of clauses (b) and
(c) above, any such items that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects of the Company, or the ability of Seller
or the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby ("Material
Adverse Effect").   2.04. REGULATORY APPROVALS.   Except as set forth in
Schedule 2.04, neither Seller nor the Company is required to file, seek or
obtain any governmental notice, filing, authorization, approval, order or
consent, or any bond in satisfaction of any governmental regulation, in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Seller and the Company, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.   2.05. TITLE TO SHARES.   Except as set forth in Schedule 2.05,
Seller is the beneficial and record owner of all of the 100 issued and
outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock, and such ownership is free
and clear of any liens, pledges, encumbrances, charges, agreements or claims.
The shares of the Company Common Stock owned by Seller are held (i) 70 shares
by Gary L. Hall, (ii) 16 shares by Gary L. Hall Retained Annuity Trust I
pursuant to a Trust Agreement dated January 21, 1999 between Gary L. Hall, as
Grantor, and Keith Noe, as Trustee, and (iii) 14 shares by Hall Family Trust
pursuant to a Trust Agreement dated December 31, 1998 between Gary L. Hall,
as Grantor, and Keith Noe, as Trustee.   2.06. CAPITALIZATION OF THE
COMPANY.   The Company\'s authorized capital consists solely of
1,000 shares of Company Common Stock, 100 shares of which are issued and
outstanding. Such issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The Common Stock constitutes
all of the ownership, membership and equity interests of the Company,
including all (a) rights to participate in the management of the Company, to
vote on any matter, and to   4   grant or withhold consent or approval of
actions of the Company and (b) rights to receive all allocations of profits
and losses, distributions and returns of capital of the Company. Except for
any rights granted to Purchaser under this Agreement, there are no
outstanding options, warrants or other rights to purchase, obtain or acquire,
or any outstanding securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable
for, or any voting agreements with respect to, any ownership, membership or
equity interests in the Company or any other securities of the Company, and
the Company has no obligation, now or in the future, contingent or otherwise,
to issue, purchase or redeem ownership, membership or equity interests or any
other securities to or from anyone. Copies of the charter documents and by-
laws (or similar governing documents) and corporate minute books of the
Company have heretofore been delivered to Purchaser and are true, correct and
complete.   2.07. NO SUBSIDIARIES.   The Company does not own, directly or
indirectly, the capital stock or other ownership, membership, equity or other
investment interests of or in any other corporations or other entities.  
2.08. ORGANIZATION.   The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Virginia, with
full power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted by
it and to own, lease and operate its properties in the places where it
maintains offices and where its properties are owned, leased or operated. The
Company has the full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.   2.09. QUALIFICATIONS.   Schedule 2.09
sets forth each jurisdiction in which the Company is duly qualified to do
business and in good standing, and neither the character of the properties
owned or held under lease or license by the Company nor the nature of the
business conducted by the Company requires any qualification in any other
jurisdiction, except any such jurisdiction wherein the failure to be so
qualified would not in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.  
2.10. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   Seller has heretofore furnished to Purchaser
audited financial statements of the Company consisting of (i) balance sheets
at December 31, 2000 and 1999, (ii) statements of income for the years ended
December 31, 2000 and 1999, (iii) statements of retained earnings for the
years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 and (iv) statements of cash flows for
the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, together with the report of
Mense, Churchwell and Mense ("MCM") thereon and the notes thereto (the
foregoing audited financial statements, report and notes thereto are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Financial Statements"). The
Financial Statements (A) have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP")
applied on a consistent basis, and (B) present fairly the financial position
of the Company at the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
flows of the Company for the periods then ended. Except as and to the extent
reflected or reserved against in the audited balance sheet of the Company at
December 31, 2000 (the "Balance Sheet") or as set forth in Schedule 2.10,
neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has any material liability or
obligation (whether absolute or contingent, or accrued or unaccrued) required
to be disclosed in financial statements, or in the notes thereto, prepared in
accordance with GAAP. The books of account and financial records of the
Company have been prepared and are maintained in accordance with good
accounting practice and, to the extent required, applicable laws.   5   
2.11. ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS.   Except as set forth in
Schedule 2.11, since December 31, 2000 there has not been, with respect to
the Company or its business or properties:   (a) any material adverse change
in the business,  assets, condition (financial or other), results of
operations or  prospects of the Company or its properties;   (b) any
destruction, damage by fire, accident or  other casualty or act of God of or
to any of properties or assets of  the Company, whether or not covered by
insurance, except any  destruction, damage, accident, casualty or act as
would in the  aggregate not have a Material Adverse Effect; or   (c) any
action that, if taken after the date of this  Agreement, would constitute a
breach of any of the covenants set forth  in Section 5.01.   2.12. ASSETS
OTHER THAN REAL PROPERTY INTERESTS.   (a) The Company is in possession of
and has good and marketable title to all assets used in or reasonably
necessary to the conduct of its business, including all assets reflected on
the Balance Sheet or thereafter acquired with a value in excess of $25,000,
except those sold or otherwise disposed of for fair value since the date of
the Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and not in violation of this Agreement, in each case free and clear
of all mortgages, liens, security interests, pledges, encumbrances, charges,
agreements, claims, restrictions and defects of title of any kind except (i)
as are set forth in Schedule 2.12, (ii) liens for Taxes (as defined in
Section 2.18) which are not yet due and payable or being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings, (iii) mechanic\'s, materialman\'s or other
similar liens arising by operation of law or (iv) other minor imperfections
of title, if any, which items in clauses (ii) through (iv) above do not,
individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the value or materially
interfere with the continued use of the assets to which they relate in the
conduct of the business of the Company (such items in clauses (ii) through
(iv) are hereinafter referred to as "Permitted Liens").   (b) The tangible
personal (moveable) property of the Company has been maintained in all
material respects in accordance with the past practice of the Company and
generally accepted industry practice, and its use by the Company complies
with all applicable laws. The tangible personal property of the Company is in
all material respects in good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear
and tear excepted. All leased personal property of the Company is in all
material respects in the condition required of such property by the terms of
the lease currently applicable thereto.  This Section 2.12 does not relate
to real property or interests in real property, such items being the subject
of Section 2.13.   2.13. REAL PROPERTY OWNED AND LEASED.   Schedule 2.13
contains a complete list of all real property (immovable property)
(including, without limitation, plants, warehouses, interests in real
property, distribution centers, structures and other buildings) owned or
leased by the Company (the "Real Property"). The Company has good and
marketable title to the Real Property. Adequate ingress and egress exists
with respect to the Real Property, and the Real Property complies with all
applicable zonings   6   laws, rules and regulations and land use
restrictions. The interests in Real Property are free and clear of all
mortgages, liens, security interests, pledges, leases, subleases,
encumbrances, charges, assignments, easements, claims or other restrictions
and defects in title except (i) as are set forth in Schedule 2.13 hereto and
(ii) Permitted Liens. All interests in Real Property are currently used in
the operation of the business of the Company and are adequately maintained
and are in good operating condition and repair for the requirements of the
business as presently conducted by the Company.   2.14. PATENTS, TRADEMARKS,
ETC.   (a) Schedule 2.14 sets forth a complete and accurate listing of all
patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks and copyrights used in the
conduct of the businesses of the Company, whether registered or unregistered,
and any applications or registrations therefor. Except as set forth in
Schedule 2.14, the Company solely owns and has the exclusive right to use,
or, for the items so identified in Schedule 2.14, the non-exclusive right to
use, free and clear of any payment (other than payments not yet due
to maintain the registration thereof) or encumbrance, all such patents,
trademarks, trade names, service marks and copyrights (all such patents,
trademarks, trade names, service marks and copyrights being hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Intellectual Property"). Except as set forth
in Schedule 2.14, there is no claim or demand of any person pertaining to, or
any proceedings which are pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened,
which challenge the exclusive rights of the Company in respect of any
Intellectual Property. All registrations and applications required to be made
by Seller and the Company with respect to the Company\'s Intellectual
Property are in full force and effect. No Intellectual Property is subject to
any outstanding order, ruling, decree, judgment or stipulation by or with any
court, arbitrator, administrative agency or governmental official and, except
as set forth in Schedule 2.14, to the knowledge of Seller, none of the
Intellectual Property infringes the intellectual property rights of others or
is being infringed by others or is used by others (whether or not such use
constitutes infringement). The Company has taken all reasonable measures
necessary to protect the proprietary nature of each item of Intellectual
Property that it considers confidential, and to maintain in confidence all
trade secrets and confidential information that it presently owns or uses,
except where the failure to own, license or possess legally enforceable
rights to use such Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.   (b) All knowledge and know-how
required to operate the Company as heretofore conducted is held and may be
used by the Company without any obligation to Seller or its affiliates (other
than the Company). The Company has not granted any licenses with respect to,
nor otherwise disclosed or has agreed to disclose, any such knowledge or
know-how.   2.15. INSURANCE.   Schedule 2.15 sets forth a complete and
accurate list of all casualty, directors and officers liability, general
liability (including product liability) and all other types of insurance
maintained by the Company, together with the carriers and liability limits
for each such policy. Seller has provided to Purchaser a true and correct
copy of each such policy. Each policy is in force and has been issued by an
insurer that is financially sound and reputable, and no notice has been
received by the Company from any insurance carrier purporting to cancel or
reduce coverage under any such policy. Seller and the Company have not
received any refusal of coverage or any notice that a defense will be
afforded with reservation of rights. The Company is current in all premiums
or other payments due thereunder. Schedule 2.15 identifies which insurance
policies are "occurrence" or "claims made". All insurance coverage held for
the benefit of the Company is reasonably adequate to cover risks customarily
insured against by similar companies in their industry.   7    2.16.
COMMITMENTS.   (a) Except as set forth in Schedule 2.16, the Company is
not a party to or bound by any:   (i) employment agreement or employment
contract;   (ii) employee collective bargaining agreement or other 
contract with any labor union;   (iii) covenant not to compete or other
covenant restricting  the development, manufacture, marketing or distribution
of the products  and services of the Company;   (iv) agreement, contract or
other arrangement with (A) Seller  or any affiliate of Seller (other than the
Company) or (B) any current  or former officer, director, employee or
independent contractor of the  Company, Seller or any affiliate of Seller
(other than employment  agreements covered by clause (i) above);   (v)
lease, sublease or similar agreement with any person under  which the Company
is a lessor or sublessor of, or makes available for  use to any person (other
than the Company), (A) any Real Property or  (B) any portion of any premises
otherwise occupied by the Company;   (vi) lease or similar agreement with
any person (other than  the Company) under which (A) the Company is lessee
of, or holds or  uses, any machinery, equipment, vehicle or other tangible
personal  property owned by any person or (B) the Company is a lessor or 
sublessor of, or makes available for use by any person, any tangible 
personal property owned or leased by the Company, in any such case  which has
an aggregate future liability or receivable, as the case may  be, in excess
of $25,000 and, in the case of any such lease or similar  agreement entered
into between the date hereof and the Closing, is not  terminable by the
Company by notice of 60 days or less without cost or  penalty;   (vii) (A)
continuing agreement or contract for the future  purchase of materials,
supplies or equipment or (B) service,  consulting, management or other
similar type of agreement or contract  (other than with the Company);  
(viii) continuing agreement or contract for the sale or  distribution of any
products manufactured by the Company, including by  franchise
arrangement;   (ix) continuing agreement or contract for the purchase of
any  finished goods manufactured by parties other than the Company;   (x)
continuing agreement or contract for products manufactured  by the Company on
behalf of parties other than the Company;   (xi) agreement, contract or
arrangement for the placement of  advertising or other promotional
activities;   (xii) except as set forth in Schedule 2.14, any license, 
option or other agreement relating in whole or in part to the  Intellectual
Property set forth in Schedule 2.14 (including any license  or other
agreement under which the Company is licensee or licensor of  any such
Intellectual Property) or to trade secrets or proprietary  rights and
processes of the Company or any other person;   8    (xiii) agreement,
contract or other instrument under which the  Company has borrowed any money
from, or issued any note, bond,  debenture or other evidence of indebtedness
to, any person or any other  note, bond, debenture or other evidence of
indebtedness issued to any  person;   (xiv) agreement, contract or other
instrument (including  so-called take-or-pay or keepwell agreements) under
which (A) any  person has directly or indirectly guaranteed indebtedness,
liabilities  or obligations of the Company or (B) the Company has directly
or  indirectly guaranteed indebtedness, liabilities or obligations of any 
person (in each case other than endorsements for the purpose of  collection
in the ordinary course of business);   (xv) agreement, contract or other
instrument under which the  Company has, directly or indirectly, made any
advance, loan, extension  of credit or capital contribution to, or other
investment in, any  person (other than trade credits in the ordinary course
of business);   (xvi) mortgage, pledge, security agreement, deed of trust
or  other instrument granting a lien or other encumbrance upon any property 
of the Company, which lien or other encumbrance is not set forth in  Schedule
2.12 or 2.13 or is not a Permitted Lien; or   (xvii) agreement, contract or
instrument providing for  indemnification of any person with respect to
liabilities relating to  any current or former business of the Company, or
any predecessor  person (other than provisions of any contract or agreement
providing  for indemnification solely in respect of breaches of such contract
or  agreement).   (b) Except as set forth in Schedule 2.16, all
agreements, contracts, leases, licenses, commitments or instruments of the
Company required to be listed in the Schedules hereto (collectively, the
"Contracts") are valid, binding and in full force and effect. Except as set
forth in Schedule 2.16, (i) the Company has performed all obligations
required to be performed by it to date under the Contracts and it is not and,
as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, will not be (with or
without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach or
default in any respect thereunder and, (ii) to the knowledge of Seller, no
other party to any of the Contracts is (with or without the lapse of time or
the giving of notice, or both) in breach or default in any respect
thereunder. Seller and the Company have not received from any person any
notice or other communication (whether oral or written) regarding any actual,
alleged, possible or potential violation or breach of, or default under, any
Contract. On or before 30 days from the date hereof, Seller will provide to
Purchaser a true and correct copy of each of the Contracts.   2.17. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.   Except as set forth in Schedule 2.17, neither Seller nor
the Company is engaged in or a party to, or, to the knowledge of Seller,
threatened with, any suit, investigation, legal action or other proceeding
before any court, administrative agency, arbitration panel or other similar
authority, and Seller knows of no reasonable basis for any such suit,
investigation, action or proceeding. There are no outstanding orders,
rulings, decrees, judgments or stipulations by or with any court,
administrative agency, arbitration panel or other similar authority against
the Company or which challenge or otherwise relate to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   9    2.18. TAXES.   (a) Effective
January 1, 1999, the Company has validly elected under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), to be taxed for federal income tax
purposes as a Subchapter S Corporation.   (b) All federal, state and local
and all foreign tax returns, reports, declarations, statements and other
documents required to be filed by or with respect to the Company, the Seller
with respect to income arising from the Company, and any predecessor
corporations of the Company in respect of all taxes, including income,
franchise, value-added, sales, property, payroll and other taxes, levies,
imposts and duties of any nature whatsoever and any interest, additions or
penalties in respect thereof ("Taxes") have been filed with the appropriate
tax authorities, such documents are true, accurate and complete in all
material respects and all amounts shown by such documents to be due and
payable have been paid. Copies of the U.S. income tax returns of the Company
for the taxable periods ended 1998, 1999 and 2000 have been provided or made
available to Purchaser. The Company is not in default in the payment of
any Taxes due or payable or on any assessments received in respect thereof.
Except as and to the extent reflected or reserved against in the Balance
Sheet or as described in Schedule 2.10, the Company does not have any
liability for Taxes or any interest or penalties in respect thereof, that are
or may become material to the Company. All Taxes that are or may become
material to the Company for periods ending on or prior to December 31, 2000
that should be reserved on the books of the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP and the Company\'s past practice have
been so reserved in the Balance Sheet, and all estimated tax payments
required to be made have been made. No waivers of statutes of limitation are
in effect in respect of taxes for the Company. There are no pending, or to
the knowledge of Seller threatened, material claims or assessments against
the Company in respect of Taxes, or interest or penalties, other than claims
or assessments for which adequate reserves have been provided.   (c) Seller
shall not, and shall not agree to, enter into a waiver agreement to extend
the statute of limitations with respect to federal, state, local or foreign
taxes for periods on or prior to Closing, which includes the year of the
Closing, without the prior written consent of Purchaser. Further, Seller
agrees to allow Purchaser a period of 30 days to consider a request for such
extension.   2.19. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; PERMITS AND LICENSES.   Except as
is disclosed on Schedules 2.17 and 2.19, (a) the Company is in compliance
with all laws, decrees, decisions, rulings, judgments, orders, ordinances,
regulations and other pronouncements adopted, rendered or otherwise issued by
any federal, state, regional, municipal or local governmental authority,
agency, board, body, court or instrumentality of the United States of America
and any other jurisdiction applicable to the Company, except such instances
of non-compliance as will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect, (b) no claims, complaints, audits or investigations
from or by any governmental authorities or other parties have been asserted
or received by the Company since January 1, 1996 alleging that the Company is
in violation of any applicable building, zoning or other law, ordinance or
regulation in relation to its business, plants, warehouses, distribution
centers, structures or other buildings or equipment, or the operation
thereof, that should the claimant or complainant prevail would
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (c) to
the knowledge of Seller, there are no claims or complaints from any
governmental authorities or other persons that are threatened of the type
referred to in clause (b) above that should the claimant or complainant
prevail would have a Material Adverse Effect and (d) the Company has not
received notice from any governmental authorities of any pending proceedings
to take all or any part of the properties of the Company (whether leased or
owned) by condemnation or right of eminent domain and, to the knowledge of
Seller, no such proceedings are threatened.   10   Schedule 2.19 sets
forth all governmental permits, licenses and authorizations necessary for the
operation of the businesses of the Company as presently conducted and for the
operation or occupancy of the properties owned or used by the Company in the
business. All such licenses, permits and authorizations are validly held by
the Company, the Company has complied with all terms and conditions thereof,
except such instances of non-compliance as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and the same will not be subject
to suspension, modification, revocation or nonrenewal as a result of the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   2.20. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.   Except
as set forth on Schedule 2.20 attached hereto, the Company (a) is in
compliance in all material respects with applicable Environmental
Requirements (as defined below), (b) have received no notice of violation
from any government and authority or the commencement of any claim, suit or
proceeding by any government authority or other party with respect
to environmental conditions concerning the Real Property, (c) are not aware
of any activity conducted on Real Property which would likely result in a
violation of any applicable Environmental Requirement in any material
respect, and (d) to the knowledge of Seller, no Hazardous Material (as
defined below) is located on, at, in, under or about the Real Property or has
been transported, treated, stored, handled, transferred, disposed, recycled
or received by or on behalf of the Company, in a manner that could result in
liability to the Company. Seller has provided Purchaser a true and correct
copy of any environmental studies prepared with respect to the Real Property.
For the purpose of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:   (i) The term "Hazardous Material" means any
material,  substance or constituent, including any petroleum product, that, 
whether by its nature or its use, is subject to regulation under any 
Environmental Requirement, excluding for purposes of this Section 2.20 
tobacco leaf.   (ii) The term "Environmental Requirement" or
"Environmental  Requirements" means any and all laws, ordinances, statutes,
codes,  rules, regulations, decrees, orders, directives, permits, or
licenses  of or by any federal, state, regional, municipal or local
governmental  authority regulating, relating to or imposing liability or
standards of  conduct concerning protection of the environment or of human
health, or  employee health and safety, including without limitation the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act,  the
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, the Resource Conservation  and
Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the Toxic  Substances
Control Act, the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and  Rodenticide Act,
Occupational Safety and Health Act and the Oil  Pollution Act of 1990, as
such laws have been amended or supplemented,  and the regulations promulgated
pursuant thereto, and all analogous  state or local statutes.   2.21.
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS; TERMINATION AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS.   (a) Except
as indicated on Schedule 2.21(a), the Company and its affiliates have never
maintained, sponsored, participated in, administered, contributed to or
incurred any obligation to or any liability under any savings, profit
sharing, annuity, retirement, deferred compensation, bonus,
incentive (including, without limitation, cash, stock options, stock bonus,
stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, restricted stock and stock
purchase), medical, dental, vision, hospitalization, prescription drug and
other health, employee assistance, cafeteria, flexible benefits, life
insurance, short and long term disability, vacation pay, severance pay, other
welfare or fringe benefit or similar plans, programs, understandings,
arrangements or agreements,   11   including without limitation any
employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), whether written or oral,
direct or indirect, or actual or contingent ("Plan").   (b) The Company has
never incurred or is not reasonably expected to incur any liability under or
related to any Plan that is a defined benefit pension plan of any ERISA
Affiliate. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.21(b), no employee of the
Company is or has ever been within the six-year period preceding the date of
this Agreement entitled to participate in or receive benefits under any Plan
that is a defined benefit pension plan of any ERISA Affiliate. For the
purpose of this Agreement, the term "ERISA Affiliate" means any entity,
person or individual that, together with the Company, is or was treated as a
single-employer within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the
Code, or ERISA Section 4001(b).   (c) Each Plan that is intended to be
qualified under Code Section 401(a) is so qualified.   (d) Except as
indicated on Schedule 2.21(d)(i), no "reportable event" within the meaning of
ERISA Section 4043 (other than an event described in PBGC Regulation Section
4043.22, .27, .29 and .31 for which notice is waived) has occurred with
respect to any Plan within the six year period preceding the date of this
Agreement that is or was subject to Title IV of ERISA. Neither the Company
nor any ERISA Affiliate has any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation, other than for premiums the payment of which is not yet due. No
Plan that is or was an "employee pension benefit plan" within the meaning of
ERISA Section 3(2) ("Pension Plan") has been terminated or merged, in whole
or in part, within the six-year period preceding the date of this Agreement,
except as indicated on Schedule 2.21(d)(ii). The present value of the accrued
benefits (both vested and unvested) under each Pension Plan (determined as of
the most recent actuarial valuation date for such Pension Plan and determined
in accordance with the same actuarial assumptions and methods as used by the
actuary for such Pension Plan as of such valuation date) did not exceed the
value of such assets for such Pension Plan on such valuation date. There
are no "underfunded benefit liabilities" (as defined in ERISA Section
4001(a)(16)) under any Pension Plan as of the most recent actuarial valuation
date for such Pension Plan. Each Pension Plan is in compliance with Code
Section 412 and ERISA Title I. No Pension Plan has incurred any "accumulated
funding deficiency" (whether or not waived) within the meaning of Code
Section 412.   (e) No "prohibited transaction" within the meaning of
ERISA Section 406 or Code Section 4975 has occurred with respect to any Plan
sponsored or administered by the Company. All Plans sponsored or administered
by the Company comply currently, and have complied in the past in form and
in operation, with the provisions of ERISA, the Code, the rules and
regulations promulgated under these statutes, all other applicable federal,
state, or common law and with their respective benefit plans and trust
agreements. There are no actions, suits or claims pending (other than routine
claims for benefits) which could reasonably be expected to be asserted
against any Plan or the assets or fiduciaries of any Plan sponsored or
maintained by the Company or any Plan established or maintained by any ERISA
Affiliate which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No civil or criminal
action under ERISA Title I, Subtitle B, Part 5 is pending or threatened
against any fiduciary of any Plan sponsored or maintained by the Company. No
Plan nor any fiduciary of a Plan sponsored or maintained by the Company has
been the direct or indirect subject of an audit, investigation or examination
by any governmental or quasi-governmental agency.   (f) Every Plan of the
Company that is a "group health plan" within the meaning of Code Section
4980B(g)(2) has been administered in accordance with ERISA Title I, Subtitle
B, Part 6 of ERISA and has met the requirements of Section 4980B of the Code.
Apart from benefits from Pension Plans, benefits described under Code Section
4980B and health benefits provided   12   to retirees under welfare plans
listed and categorized in Schedule 2.21(a) as plans providing retiree health
benefits, the Company has no obligation to provide benefits under any Plan
except to its active employees.   (g) Neither the Company nor any ERISA
Affiliate has incurred any obligation to contribute to any "multiemployer
plan" within the meaning of ERISA Section 4001(a)(3).   (h) The Company has
not contracted with any "leased employee" within the meaning of Code Section
414. Each person who performs services for the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries is and has been properly classified, to the extent reasonably
determinable under existing regulatory guidance at the time of such
classification, as a "common law employee," "leased employee" or "independent
contractor" for all purposes under U.S. federal income tax laws.   (i)
Except as set forth in Schedule 2.16, the Company is not a party to any
employment, termination or severance agreement, contract, arrangement or
understanding with any employee or former employee of the Company. The Merger
will not result in any obligation of the Purchaser to pay any employee of the
Company severance pay or termination benefits.   2.22. EMPLOYEE AND LABOR
MATTERS.   The Company is not a party to any collective
bargaining agreement or other contract with or commitment to any labor union
or association representing any employee of the Company, nor does any labor
union or collective bargaining agent represent any employees of the Company.
No such agreement, contract or other commitment has been requested by, or is
under discussion by management of the Company (or any management group or
association of which the Company is a member or otherwise a participant)
with, any group of employees or others, nor are there any other current
activities known to the Company or Seller to organize any employees of the
Company into a collective bargaining unit. The Company is in compliance with
all applicable employment, labor and similar laws, except such instances of
non-compliance as will not individually or in the aggregate have a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Schedule 2.22, there is, and during
the past five years there has been, no labor strike, dispute, slow-down or
work stoppage pending, or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against the
Company. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.22, since January 1, 1996, there
have been no charges brought, or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened,
against the Company or any current or former employee, officer or director of
the Company before any federal, state or local or foreign agency responsible
for the prevention of unlawful employment practices.   2.23. CAPITAL
EXPENDITURES.   Except as set forth on Schedule 2.23, there are no
contractual commitments of the Company for capital expenditures.   2.24.
BANK ACCOUNTS; POWERS OF ATTORNEY.   Schedule 2.24 sets forth the name of
each bank in which the Company has an account or safe deposit box, vault,
lock-box or other arrangement, the account number and description of each
account at each bank and the names of all persons authorized to draw thereon
or to have access thereto; and the names of all persons, if any, holding tax
or other powers of attorney or similar authorizations given by the
Company.   13    2.25. INVENTORIES.   The inventories of the Company,
whether reflected on the Balance Sheet or subsequently acquired, are
generally of a quality and quantity usable and/or salable at book value in
the ordinary course of business. The inventories of the Company are reflected
on the Balance Sheet and in its books and records in accordance with GAAP
applied on a basis consistent with past practice (except as described in the
notes to the Balance Sheet). On the Closing Date, the Company will have
sufficient quantities (in an amount of not less than $1,300,000) of inventory
to operate the business in the ordinary course for a 15-day period.   2.26.
INVESTMENT REPRESENTATIONS.   The Promissory Notes will be acquired by
Seller for its account and not with a view to distribution. Seller
understands that it must bear the economic risk of its investment in the
Promissory Notes, which cannot be sold by it unless registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, or an exemption therefrom is available thereunder.
Seller is an "accredited investor" within the meaning of the Securities Act
of 1933. Seller has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive
answers from the officers and directors of Purchaser and its affiliates and
all persons acting on their behalf concerning the business and operations of
Purchaser and its affiliates and to obtain any additional information to the
extent Purchaser possesses or may possess such information or can acquire it
without unreasonable effort or expense necessary to verify the accuracy of
such information.   2.27. RELATED TRANSACTIONS.   Except as set forth in
Schedule 2.27 and except for compensation to employees for services rendered
in the ordinary course, neither Seller, the Company or, to the knowledge of
Seller, any director, officer, employee or stockholder of the Company is
presently, or since January 1, 1998 has been, a party to any transaction with
the Company (including, but not limited to, any contract, agreement or other
arrangements providing for the furnishing of services to or by, or rental of
real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or
from, any such director, officer, employee or stockholder).   2.28. NO
MATERIAL MISSTATEMENT OR OMISSION.   No representation or warranty of Seller
in this Agreement, the Schedules delivered herewith or any certificate
furnished by Seller in connection herewith contains any untrue statement of a
material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements contained herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements are made, not misleading.   ARTICLE III  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER   Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants to Seller, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as
follows:   3.01. ORGANIZATION AND AUTHORITY.   Purchaser is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
Delaware, with full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this   14   Agreement and the Promissory Notes, to perform its
obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.   3.02. DUE AUTHORIZATION; BINDING OBLIGATION.   The
execution, delivery and performance by Purchaser of this Agreement and the
Promissory Notes, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of Purchaser. This Agreement has been approved by the sole
stockholder of Purchaser as required by Delaware Law. This Agreement has
been, and the Promissory Notes will be on the Closing Date, duly and
validly executed and delivered by Purchaser. This Agreement constitutes, and
the Promissory Notes when executed and delivered will constitute, the valid
and binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their
terms, subject to the qualification, however, that the enforcement of the
rights and remedies created hereby and thereby is subject to bankruptcy and
other similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights
and remedies of creditors and that the availability of the remedy of specific
enforcement or of injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court
before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.   3.03. NON-
CONTRAVENTION.   The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the Promissory Notes by Purchaser and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not, with or without the
giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both, violate, conflict with,
result in the breach of or constitute a default under, or give rise to any
right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation of any
person or to the loss of any material right of any person under or to
increased, additional, accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements of
any person under, or result in the creation of any pledge, lien, charge or
other encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of Purchaser under,
any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (a) the charter documents or
by-laws or other governing documents of Purchaser or (b) any covenant,
agreement or understanding to which Purchaser is a party or by which its
properties or assets are bound, or (c) any order, ruling, decree, judgment,
arbitration award, law, rule, permit, regulation or stipulation to which
Purchaser is subject, other than, in the case of clauses (b) and (c) above,
any such items that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
material adverse effect on the ability of Purchaser to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.   3.04. REGULATORY APPROVALS.  
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.04, Purchaser is not required to file, seek
or obtain any governmental notice, filing, authorization, approval, order or
consent, or any bond in satisfaction of any governmental regulation, in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Purchaser.   ARTICLE IV   FURTHER AGREEMENTS AND ASSURANCES   4.01.
GOVERNMENT FILINGS AND APPROVALS.   Seller, Purchaser and the Company shall
file as soon as practicable after the date of this Agreement notifications
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended
(the "HSR Act"). Seller, Purchaser and the Company agree to use their
reasonable best efforts to make all other required regulatory filings and
applications and to   15   obtain all licenses, permits, consents,
approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders of governmental
authorities and parties to contracts with the Company as are necessary for
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to
fulfill the conditions to the Merger. Seller, Purchaser and the Company
further agree to use their reasonable best efforts to comply promptly with
all requests or requirements which applicable federal, state, regional, local
or municipal law or governmental officials may impose on them with respect to
the transactions which are the subject of this Agreement. The best efforts of
Seller, Purchaser and the Company shall include, but shall not be limited to,
a good faith response, in cooperation with each other, to all requests for
information, documentary or otherwise, by any governmental agency in
connection with obtaining approval under the HSR Act; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
neither Purchaser nor any of its affiliates shall be required to divest or
otherwise restrict any operations, assets or business.   4.02. CORPORATE
INVESTIGATION BY PURCHASER.   (a) Seller shall give and shall cause the
Company and its affiliates to give to Purchaser and its attorneys,
accountants, lenders and other representatives, reasonable access during
normal business hours to make or cause to be made such investigation of the
properties and business of the Company and its affiliates and of their
financial and legal condition as Purchaser deems reasonably necessary or
advisable to familiarize itself with such properties and business, PROVIDED
that such investigation shall not interfere unnecessarily with normal
operations. Seller agrees to furnish, and to cause the Company and its
affiliates to furnish, such financial and operating data and other
information with respect to the business and properties of the Company and
its affiliates as Purchaser shall from time to time reasonably request.  
(b) Purchaser will hold and will cause its directors, officers, employees,
agents, advisors (including, without limitation, counsel and auditors) and
controlling persons to hold any such information which is nonpublic in
confidence on the same terms and conditions as the confidentiality provisions
set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement dated September 17, 2001, between
the Seller, Purchaser and the Company (the "Confidentiality Agreement").  
4.03. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE.   Until the Closing Date, Seller shall
maintain or cause the Company to maintain in full force and effect all
presently existing insurance coverage or equivalent substitutes therefor with
respect to the Company and its business, and will take no action that will
cause a cancellation, or a lapse or reduction in benefits thereof. Seller
shall take such action as may be necessary to assure the availability to the
Purchaser on or after the Closing Date of the full benefits of liability
insurance purchased on an "occurrence basis" by the Company, Seller or their
affiliates covering the Company for the periods prior to the Closing Date,
subject to the terms, conditions and limitations in such policies, and shall
cooperate with Purchaser in making any claims thereunder.   4.04. REASONABLE
BEST EFFORTS.   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
each party shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Closing to
occur.   4.05. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE.   (a) Seller shall promptly notify
Purchaser of, and furnish Purchaser any information it may reasonably request
with respect to, the occurrence to the knowledge of Seller of any event or
condition or the existence to the knowledge of Seller of any fact that would
cause   16   any of the conditions to Purchaser\'s or Seller\'s
obligation to consummate the Merger not to be fulfilled.   (b) Purchaser
shall promptly notify Seller of, and furnish Seller any information it may
reasonably request with respect to, the occurrence to the Purchaser\'s
knowledge of any event or condition or the existence to the knowledge of
Purchaser of any fact that would cause any of the conditions to Seller\'s or
Purchaser\'s obligation to consummate the Merger not to be fulfilled.   (c)
No such notification shall effect the right of the other party to rely on
closing conditions or indemnities hereunder.   4.06. CERTAIN LICENSES AND
PERMITS.   Seller covenants that all licenses, permits and
authorizations which are held in the name of Seller or any of its affiliates,
or any of their respective employees, officers, directors, stockholders,
agents or otherwise on behalf of the Company shall be duly and validly
transferred to the Company without consideration prior to the Closing and
that the warranties, representations, covenants and conditions contained in
this Agreement shall apply to the same as if held by the Company as of the
date hereof.   4.07. RESIGNATIONS.   On the Closing Date, Seller shall
cause to be delivered to Purchaser duly signed resignations (including
waivers of any claims against the Company), effective upon the Closing, of
the members of the boards of directors and officers of the Company as shall
be specified in writing by Purchaser and delivered to Seller on or before the
fifth day prior to the Closing and Seller shall take all action as is
necessary to accomplish the foregoing.   4.08. NON-COMPETITION; NON-
INTERFERENCE; OTHER TRANSACTIONS   (a) Except as set forth in Schedule 4.08,
none of Seller, Wayne E. Rice or any of their affiliates shall, for a period
of five years following the Closing Date, compete, directly or indirectly,
with the Purchaser or its affiliates by engaging in the business, or lending
assistance to anyone engaged in the business of developing or manufacturing
cigarettes in the United States or elsewhere in the world, as an owner,
investor, employee, or in any manner whatsoever. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Seller, Wayne E. Rice and their affiliates shall not be prohibited
from making investments of less than 1% in the aggregate of publicly-traded
tobacco companies for their own account.   (b) None of Seller, Wayne E. Rice
or any of their affiliates shall, for the period from the date of this
Agreement to the date five years following the Closing Date, interfere with
the Company\'s relationships with, or endeavor to employ or entice away from
the Company, any person who at any time on or after January 1, 2001 was an
employee of the Company (other than those individuals resigning as
contemplated by Section 4.07 and Gerald Barber, who will waive any claims
against the Company in a form satisfactory to Purchaser and be employed by
Seller as of the Closing Date).   (c) Following the Closing Date, none of
Seller, Wayne E. Rice or any of their affiliates shall directly or
indirectly, at any time, except with the prior express written consent of
Purchaser, disclose any Confidential Information (as defined below) that they
may learn or have learned by reason of their employment or association with
the Company, or use any such information for their own personal benefit or
gain. For the purpose of this Agreement, the term "Confidential Information"
includes, without limitation, information with respect to the business,  
17   operations, customers, facilities and methods, trade secrets and
other intellectual property, systems, procedures, manuals, confidential
reports, pricing information, financial information (including, without
limitation, the revenues, costs or profits) associated with any activities or
products of the Company and/or its affiliates, business plans, prospects,
opportunities or other information of or relating to the Company and/or its
affiliates.   (d) From the date of this Agreement to the Closing, none
of Seller, the Company nor any other affiliate of Seller shall, nor shall
they permit any of their respective officers, directors or other
representatives to, directly or indirectly, encourage, solicit, initiate or
participate in discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information
or assistance to, any person or group (other than Purchaser and its
representatives) concerning any merger, sale of securities, sale of
substantial assets or similar transaction involving the Company. Without
limiting the foregoing, it is understood that any violation of the
restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by any officer, director or
other representative of Seller, the Company or any other affiliate of Seller,
whether or not such person is purporting to act on behalf of Seller, the
Company, any other affiliate of Seller or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a
breach of this Section 4.08 by Seller. In the event that Seller, the Company
or any other affiliate of Seller receives a proposal relating to any such
transaction, Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser of such proposal.  
4.09 DISTRIBUTION OF CASH AND RECEIVABLES.   (a) As of the Closing Date, all
cash and receivables of the Company shall be transferred to Seller by
dividend or otherwise, without additional consideration. Such receivables
shall include accounts receivable from the trade or affiliates and notes and
interest receivable from stockholders.   (b) Purchaser shall use its
reasonable best efforts to collect, as Seller\'s agent, for a period of 180
days after the Closing Date (the "Collection Period"), the outstanding
accounts receivable of the Company (identified in writing to Purchaser by
Seller on or prior to the Closing) arising prior to the Closing Date from
customers; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Purchaser shall not be required to resort
to commercial collections or legal action. Any payment received by Purchaser
from a debtor of the Company shall be applied first to the accounts
receivable of Purchaser prior to applying any such payments to amounts owed
to Seller by such debtor unless and except to the extent that such debtor
identifies the invoice to which payment is to be applied. Purchaser shall pay
collected amounts to Seller on the last business day of each month and any
accounts receivable not paid at the end of the Collection Period shall be
transferred to Seller. If Purchaser receives any amounts due Seller after the
end of the Collection Period, it shall promptly pay such amounts to Seller.
If Seller receives any amounts due Purchaser after the Closing Date, it shall
promptly pay such amounts to Seller.   4.10. ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES.  
On the Closing Date, but effective as of the Effective Time, Seller shall
assume and shall discharge when due the Retained Liabilities (as defined
below), which shall remain the sole responsibility of, and shall be retained,
paid, performed and discharged solely by, Seller. For the purpose of this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:   (i) The
term "Retained Liabilities" shall mean every Liability (as defined below)
against, relating to or affecting the Company, whether arising before or
after the Closing Date, including without limitation:   (a) any trade
account or other payable that remains  unpaid as of the Effective Time;  
18    (b) any Liability to the Company\'s customers incurred  by the
Company for orders outstanding as of the  Effective Time;   (c) any
Liability to the Company\'s customers under  written or oral warranty
agreements;   (d) any Liability incurred by the Company under any  lease of
real property, including the lease at  5401 Lewis Road, Richmond,
Virginia;   (e) any Liability under any contract or agreement  (other than
those contracts and agreements  specifically listed on Schedule 4.10 to be 
assumed by Purchaser), including any liability  arising out of or relating to
indebtedness or  credit facilities of the Company;   (f) any Liability
under any guarantee or surety  arrangements;   (g) any Liability arising
out of or relating to  products of the Company to the extent  manufactured
or sold prior to the Effective Time,  other than any smoking-related
litigation (which  shall not constitute a Retained Liability);   (h) any
Liability under any contract or agreement for  any breach that arises after
the Effective Time  but that arises out of or relates to any breach  that
occurred prior to the Effective Time;   (i) any Liability for Taxes,
including (A) any Taxes  arising as a result of the operations of the 
Company\'s business prior to the Effective Time,  (B) any Taxes payable by
the Company or Seller  that will arise as a result of the Merger, (C)  any
deferred Taxes of any nature and (D) any  Liability of Seller under Section
4.14;   (j) any Liability under the MSA arising out of or  relating to
products of the Company to the extent  manufactured or sold or the Company\'s
acts or  omissions prior to the Effective Time;   (k) any Environmental,
Health and Safety Liabilities  (as defined below) arising out of or relating
to  the operation of the Company\'s business or the  Company\'s leasing,
ownership or operation of real  property;   (l) any Liability under any
Plan or relating to  payroll, vacation, sick leave, workers\'  compensation,
unemployment benefits, pension  benefits, employee stock option or profit-
sharing  plans, health care plans or benefits or any other  employee plans
or benefits of any kind for the  Company\'s employees or former employees or
both;   (m) any Liability under any employment, severance,  retention or
termination agreement with any  employee of the Company;   (n) any
Liability arising out of or relating to any  employee grievance whether or
not the affected  employees are hired by Purchaser;   19    (o) any
Liability of the Company to Seller or any  other present or former
stockholder of the  Company;   (p) any Liability to indemnify, reimburse or
advance  amounts to any officer, director, employee or  agent of the
Company;   (q) any Liability to distribute to any of the  Company\'s
stockholders all or any part of the  Merger consideration received
hereunder;   (r) any Liability arising out of any legal claim or 
proceeding pending as of the Effective Time,  including FFP Marketing
Company, Inc. v. The  Medallion Company, Inc., Case no. 4:CV-99 0665-P, 
filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern  District of Texas, and the
claim set forth in  Schedule 1.06;   (s) any Liability arising out of any
legal claim or  proceeding, other than any smoking-related  litigation
(which shall not constitute a Retained  Liability), commenced after the
Effective Time  and arising out of or relating to any occurrence  or event
happening prior to the Effective Time;   (t) any Liability arising out of or
resulting from  the Company\'s compliance or noncompliance with  any legal
requirement or order of any  governmental entity;   (u) any Liability of
Seller or the Company under this  Agreement or any other document executed
in  connection with the transactions contemplated  hereby; and   (v) any
Liability of Purchaser based upon Seller\'s  acts or omissions occurring
after the Effective  Time.   (ii) The term "Liability" shall mean, with
respect to  any person, any liability or obligation of such person of any
kind,  character or description, whether known or unknown, absolute or 
contingent, accrued or unaccrued, disputed or undisputed, liquidated or 
unliquidated, secured or unsecured, joint or several, due or to become  due,
vested or unvested, executory, determined, determinable or  otherwise, and
whether or not the same is required to be accrued on the  financial
statements of such person.   (iii) The term "Environmental, Health and
Safety  Liabilities" shall mean any costs, damages, expense, liability, 
obligation or other responsibility arising from or under any  Environmental
Requirement or Occupational Safety and Health Law (as  defined below),
including those consisting of or relating to:   (a) any environmental,
health or safety matter or  condition (including on-site or off-site 
contamination, occupational safety and health and  regulation of any chemical
substance or product);   (b) any fine, penalty, judgment, award,
settlement,  legal or administrative proceeding, damages,  loss, claim,
demand or response, remedial or  inspection cost or expense arising under
any  Environmental Requirement or Occupational Safety  and Health Law;  
20    (c) financial responsibility under any Environmental  Requirement or
Occupational Safety and Health Law  for investigatory or cleanup costs or
corrective  action, including any cleanup, removal,  containment or other
remediation or response  actions ("Cleanup") required by any Environmental 
Requirement or Occupational Safety and Health Law  (whether or not such
Cleanup has been required or  requested by any governmental entity or any
other  person) and for any natural resource damages; or   (d) any other
compliance, corrective or remedial  measure required under any
Environmental  Requirement or Occupational Safety and Health  Law.   (iv)
The term "Occupational Safety and Health Law"  shall mean any legal
requirement designed to provide safe and healthful  working conditions and to
reduce occupational safety and health  hazards, including the Occupational
Safety and Health Act, and any  program, whether governmental or private
(such as those promulgated or  sponsored by industry associations and
insurance companies), designed  to provide safe and healthful working
conditions.   4.11. FURTHER ASSURANCES.   Without further consideration,
at any time and from time to time after the Closing, as and when requested by
either party, each party shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed
and delivered, to the other party all such documents and instruments, and
shall take, or cause to be taken, all such other actions, as the first party
may reasonably deem necessary or desirable to evidence the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.12. RECORD ACCESS AND
RETENTION.   (a) Purchaser agrees to retain or cause to be retained
all accounting, business, litigation, financial and tax records (including,
without limitation, work papers) (i) relating to the Company or its business
in existence on the Closing Date, or (ii) coming into existence after the
Closing Date which relate to the Company or its business prior to the Closing
Date (the "Business Documents"), in each case for a period of three years
from the Closing Date (or, for records relating to a Tax return, the later of
the expiration of the relevant statute of limitations or six years from the
date such Tax return was filed). At any time following three years from the
Closing Date, Purchaser, at its election, may notify Seller of its desire to
transfer records to Seller and, if Seller does not desire to receive such
records, Purchaser may destroy or otherwise dispose of such undesired
records. In addition, Purchaser agrees that from and after the Closing Date,
it will not unreasonably refuse to provide Seller or its representatives,
after reasonable notice and during normal business hours, access to and
copies of such Business Documents as are necessary to properly prepare for,
file, prove, answer, prosecute and/or defend any financial statements, Tax
return and any other filing, audit, judicial or administrative proceeding
relating to Taxes, or any third party protest, claim, suit, inquiry or other
proceeding by any third party against Seller or any of its affiliates and, if
requested by Seller, will use reasonable efforts to abide with any record
retention agreement entered into with tax authorities.   (b) Following the
Closing, Purchaser shall provide Seller with a copy of any correspondence or
notices relating to obligations of the Company under the MSA, whether from
the Independent Auditor (as defined in the MSA) or other parties.  
21    4.13. CAPITALIZATION OF PURCHASER.   On or prior to the Closing
Date, VGR Holding Inc., the sole stockholder of Purchaser, will contribute
$25,000,000 to the capital of Purchaser.   4.14. TAX MATTERS.   (a)
Seller and the Company agree that the Merger will be treated for Federal
income tax purposes as a purchase of all the Company\'s assets followed by a
liquidation of the Company. Seller, the Company and Purchaser agree to
allocate the purchase price to all assets acquired by Purchaser consistently
in accordance with Code Section 1060. Seller, Purchaser and the Company agree
to file Form 8594 - "Asset Acquisition Statement" with their Federal income
tax returns and file the Form 8594 or similar form with all state and local
tax returns where applicable. Seller, the Company and Purchaser agree that
Purchaser will prepare the Form 8594, which shall be prepared in a manner
reasonably satisfactory to Seller, and Purchaser will deliver the Form 8594
to Seller and the Company after the Closing. Seller shall promptly
execute and deliver to Purchaser all documentation reasonably requested by
Purchaser, included the completed Form 8594. Seller shall be responsible for
and pay any Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes (including any
interests or penalties that may become payable in respect thereof) imposed on
the Company and attributable to the Merger (including any state, local or
foreign income taxes imposed on the Company and attributable to the Merger),
and shall indemnify Purchaser and the Company against any such taxes.   (b)
Seller shall bear and pay all transfer, stamp or other similar taxes imposed
in connection with the Merger.   (c) Seller will indemnify and hold
Purchaser and the Company harmless against (i) any and all liability for
Federal, state, local or foreign taxes (including any interest, penalties or
additions to tax that may become payable in respect thereof) assessed against
or payable for the Company with respect to any period ending on or before the
Closing Date or any period ending on or before the last day of the taxable
year of Seller\'s in which the Closing occurs and (ii) any liability for
state, local or foreign taxes (including any interest, penalties or additions
to tax that may become payable in respect thereof) assessed against the
Company pursuant to any similar provision of state, local or foreign law)
with respect to any period ending on or before the last day of the taxable
year of Seller\'s in which the Closing occurs.   (d) Seller shall allow the
Purchaser an opportunity to review and comment on any tax returns to be filed
for any period which includes the Closing Date.   (e) Seller shall allow
the Purchaser and its representatives to participate in any audits and any
tax contests of Seller\'s separate, consolidated, combined or unitary tax
returns to the extent such returns related to the Company. Seller shall not
settle any such audit in a manner which would adversely affect Purchaser or
the Company after the Closing Date without the prior written consent of
Purchaser. To the extent reasonably required by Seller, Purchaser will, and
will cause its representatives to, cooperate with and assist Seller in
connection with any such audits or tax contests covering any period prior to
the Closing.   4.15. SUBORDINATION.   Seller agrees to promptly execute
and deliver any subordination agreement or any other agreement modifying the
subordination provisions of the Promissory Notes, requested by any lender
providing the financing contemplated by Section 6.08, PROVIDED that any such
agreement shall be on terms reasonably satisfactory to Seller.   22   
4.16. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.   (a) On the Closing Date, Seller and Purchaser
will execute and deliver the Asset Purchase Agreement (the "Asset Purchase
Agreement"), in substantially the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, pursuant
to which, among other things, on the Closing Date, Gary L. Hall shall sell to
Purchaser certain goodwill and other intangible assets and Purchaser shall
issue to Gary L. Hall $25,000,000 of Promissory Notes. For all purposes of
this Agreement, including without limitation Section 9.03, the term
"Promissory Notes" shall include the Promissory Notes issued pursuant to both
this Agreement and the Asset Purchase Agreement.   (b) On the Closing Date,
the parties hereto and/or certain other persons will execute and deliver the
following other agreements, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the parties:   (i) Assumption Agreement between Seller, Purchaser and  the
Company, pursuant to which Seller assumes the  Retained Liabilities;   (ii)
Guarantee by Liggett Group Inc. ("Liggett") in favor  of Seller with respect
to the Promissory Notes, in  substantially the form of Exhibit C attached
hereto;   (iii) Agreement of Wayne E. Rice to comply with the  provisions
of Section 4.08 (which Seller shall use  its reasonable best efforts to
obtain); and   (iv) Security Agreement between Seller and Purchaser 
granting Seller a lien on the Company\'s MSA rights to  secure the Promissory
Notes, PROVIDED such lien shall  be junior and subordinated to the rights of,
and  expressly conditioned on the approval (which  Purchaser shall use its
reasonable best efforts to  obtain) of, any lender providing the financing 
contemplated by Section 10.02 (y).   4.17. APPORTIONMENT OF MSA
BENEFITS.   Seller and Purchaser agree that the benefits of the
Company\'s MSA Grandfathered Market Share for 2002 shall be apportioned
between Seller and Purchaser as of midnight of the night preceding the
Closing Date. The apportionment shall be based on the 2001 Number of
cigarettes multiplied by the fraction determined by dividing (i) the actual
number of days elapsed between January 1, 2002 and the day preceding the
Closing Date (the "Pre-Closing Period") by (ii) 365. If the number of
cigarettes sold by the Company during the Pre-Closing Period exceeds the
Seller\'s apportionment, Seller shall pay Purchaser at the Closing $15.50 per
1,000 cigarettes on the excess volume. If the number of cigarettes sold by
the Company during the Pre-Closing Period is less than the Company\'s
apportionment, Purchaser shall pay Seller at the Closing $15.50 per 1,000
cigarettes on the amount of volume less than Seller\'s apportionment. For the
purpose of this Agreement, the "2001 Number" of cigarettes shall be computed
based on multiplying (i) the Company\'s Market Share for 1998 (expressed as a
percentage) under the MSA by (ii) the total number of individual cigarettes
sold in the fifty United States, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico
during 2001, as measured by excise taxes collected by the federal government
and, in the case of sales in Puerto Rico, arbitrios de cigarillos collected
by the Puerto Rico taxing authority. The foregoing calculation of the 2001
Number of cigarettes shall be subject to the second sentence of Section II
(z) of the MSA and shall be based on the determination of the Independent
Auditor (as defined in the MSA).   23    4.18. SCHEDULES.   Except for
Schedules 1.06 and 4.08 delivered on the date hereof, Seller and Purchaser
shall deliver to each other on or before 30 days from the date hereof, all of
the Schedules required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.   ARTICLE
V   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   5.01. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.   Seller agrees to
cause the Company, and the Company hereby agrees, prior to the Closing Date,
(a) to conduct its business in the ordinary course in accordance with present
policies and as heretofore conducted, (b) to preserve its business
organization intact, (c) consistent with efficient and economical management,
to retain the services of its present officers, employees and agents to the
end that it may retain the goodwill of the Company and preserve its business
relationships with customers, suppliers and others, and (d) to maintain all
existing business permits, licenses, qualifications and authorizations and to
comply in all material respects with all of the terms and conditions thereof.
Seller shall not, and shall not permit the Company to, take any action that
would, or that could reasonably be expected to, result in any of the
conditions to the consummation of the Merger set forth in Article VII
not being satisfied. From and after the date hereof, and prior to the Closing
Date, Seller will prevent the Company, without the prior written approval
of Purchaser, from:   (i) changing or altering the Company\'s corporate
structure  or amending its charter documents or by-laws or other governing 
documents;   (ii) issuing or selling any shares of its ownership, 
membership or equity interests, capital stock or any other securities  or
issuing any securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or  options,
warrants to purchase, scrip, rights to subscribe for, calls or  commitments
of any character whatsoever relating to, or entering into  any contract,
understanding or arrangement with respect to the issuance  of, any ownership,
membership or equity interests, shares of its  capital stock or any of its
other securities, or entering into any  arrangement or contract with respect
to the purchase, redemption or  voting of its ownership, membership or equity
interests or shares of  capital stock, or adjusting, splitting, reacquiring,
redeeming,  combining or reclassifying any of its securities, or making any
other  changes in its capital structure;   (iii) incurring (contingently or
otherwise) any indebtedness  for borrowed money;   (iv) incurring
(contingently or otherwise) any other  obligation or liability except trade
or other obligations or  liabilities to parties other than Seller or any of
its affiliates in  the ordinary course of business;   (v) declaring,
setting aside or paying any dividends (in  cash or in kind) on, or making any
distributions in respect of, the  outstanding ownership, membership or equity
interests in or other  securities of the Company or making any other payment
to the Seller or   24    any of its affiliates (other than dividends paid
out of the Company\'s  available cash resources and receivables);   (vi)
entering into, amending or affirmatively renewing or  terminating any
contract, commitment, lease (whether of real or  personal property) or other
agreement, except in the ordinary course of  business;   (vii) guaranteeing
or entering into any obligation to  guarantee the obligation of any person,
firm, corporation or other  entity (other than endorsements for the purpose
of collection in the  ordinary course of business);   (viii) mortgaging,
pledging or subjecting to any lien, charge  or other encumbrance any of the
assets, properties or business of the  Company which would not be a Permitted
Lien if existing on the date  hereof;   (ix) selling or otherwise
transferring or leasing any  properties or assets, or purchasing or otherwise
acquiring or leasing  any properties or assets, in each case except for
transactions in the  ordinary course of business;   (x) permitting to lapse
any right, or defaulting, with  respect to any Contract, permit, license,
Intellectual Property, or  other intangible asset used in the conduct of the
business of the  Company;   (xi) granting any increase in wages or salary
rates or in  employment, retirement, severance, termination or other benefits
or  paying any bonus or making any loan to any officer, director or 
employee, or entering into any employment contract with any person, or 
adopting any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, stock option,  pension,
retirement, deferred compensation, employment or other  employee benefit
plan, agreement, trust, plan, fund or other  arrangement for the benefit or
welfare of any employee of the Company;   (xii) making any material tax
election, settling or  compromising any liability for Taxes, preparing and
filing tax returns  or declarations other than on a basis consistent with the
Company\'s  past practices or, other than in the ordinary course of
business,  engaging in any transaction or operating the business in a manner
that  would directly or indirectly result in any liability for Taxes of the 
Company;   (xiii) making any changes in the type or amount of the 
insurance coverages of the Company;   (xiv) making any change in its
accounting methods or  practices; or   (xv) agreeing, in writing or
otherwise, to do any of the  foregoing.    ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS TO
PURCHASER\'S OBLIGATIONS   The obligations of Purchaser hereunder to
consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver in writing
by Purchaser, on or prior to the Closing Date, of the following
conditions:   25    6.01. ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  
Each of the representations and warranties of Seller made in this Agreement
qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct, and each not so
qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date
hereof and (except to the extent such representations and
warranties expressly relate to a prior date) as of the Closing Date as though
made as of such date, and Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser a
certificate to that effect, dated the Closing Date, and signed by Seller.  
6.02. PERFORMANCE OF COVENANTS.   Each and all of the covenants and
agreements of Seller to be performed or complied with prior to or on the
Closing Date shall have been duly performed or complied with by Seller, and
Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser a certificate to that effect, dated
the Closing Date, and signed by Seller.   6.03. HSR ACT APPROVALS.   The
waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act
shall have expired or been terminated.   6.04. NO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   No
injunction shall be in effect prohibiting or restraining the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and no investigation, action or proceeding by
or before any court or other governmental authority shall have been commenced
or threatened by any governmental entity to restrain or challenge the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or seeking to obtain
material damages from Purchaser or its affiliates or the Company or the
Subsidiaries if such transactions are consummated.   6.05. SHARE
CERTIFICATES.    Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser
certificates representing all the issued and outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock, duly endorsed in blank, or accompanied by appropriate stock
powers in proper form for transfer.   6.06. OPINION OF COUNSEL.  
Purchaser shall have received the opinion of Morrison and Hecker L.L.P.,
counsel for Seller, substantially in the form set forth in Schedule 6.06.  
6.07. MSA CONFIRMATIONS.   Purchaser shall have obtained confirmation
satisfactory to Purchaser that after the Closing Date (i) Purchaser will be
able to fully utilize, in the same manner it is currently utilizable, the
Company\'s MSA Grandfathered Market Share in computing the Purchaser\'s
liabilities under the MSA, without limiting or restricting in any manner
during any period the full utilization by Liggett, in the same manner it is
currently utilizable, of its MSA Grandfathered Market Share in computing its
liabilities under the MSA and (ii) the number of cigarettes sold by the
Company used in computing the Company\'s MSA Grandfathered Market Share is at
least 1,142,078,785.   26    6.08. NO APPRAISAL RIGHTS.   No appraisal
rights under the Delaware Law shall have been demanded by any stockholder of
the Company.   6.09. NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE.   Since the date of this
Agreement, there has not been, and Purchaser shall not have become aware of,
any material adverse change in the business, assets, condition (financial or
other), results of operations or prospects of the Company, and no event or
condition has occurred or circumstance exists that may result in such a
material adverse change or, in Purchaser\'s judgment, makes it impracticable
or inadvisable for Purchaser to consummate the Merger. Such change, event,
condition or circumstance may include (i) an outbreak or escalation of
hostilities or acts of terrorism or other national or international calamity
or crisis or suspension or material limitation of trading or other change in
the financial markets of the United States, and (ii) the enactment,
enforcement, publication, decree, deeming applicable, issuance or other
promulgation of any federal, state or local statute, regulation, rule, order,
decision or determination of any court, other governmental authority or the
Independent Auditor (as defined in the MSA) challenging, or the bringing
of any action, suit or proceeding seeking to challenge, the continued
validity and enforceability of the MSA, Qualifying Statutes (as defined in
the MSA) in any state, the payment obligations of Participating Manufacturers
thereunder, or limiting or restricting, or seeking to limit or restrict, in
any manner during any period Purchaser\'s ability to fully utilize the
Company\'s MSA Grandfathered Market Share, in the same manner it is currently
utilizable, in computing Purchaser\'s liabilities under the MSA, without
limiting or restricting in any manner during any period Liggett\'s full
utilization of its MSA Grandfathered Market Share, in the same manner it is
currently utilizable, in computing its liabilities under the MSA, or
otherwise diminishing the value of rights under the MSA or benefits expected
to be derived by Purchaser thereunder, including, without limitation, the
grant of certiorari by the U.S. Supreme Court in the A.D. Bedell Wholesale
Co. v. Philip Morris, Inc. case (or the failure of the U.S. Supreme Court to
rule in such case) or a ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit reversing or modifying the U.S. District Court\'s decision in Star
Scientific, Inc. v. Mark Earley (or the failure of the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit to rule in such case).   6.10. CONSENTS.  
Purchaser, Seller and the Company shall have obtained, on terms satisfactory
to Purchaser, all consents and approvals of governmental authorities and
other third parties required in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and such consents and approvals
shall remain in full force and effect.   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO
SELLER\'S AND THE COMPANY\'S OBLIGATIONS   The obligations of Seller and the
Company hereunder to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction,
or waiver in writing by Seller, on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   7.01. ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES.   The representations and warranties of Purchaser made in
this Agreement qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct, and
those not   27   so qualified shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the date hereof and (except to the extent such representations
and warranties expressly relate to a prior date) as of the Closing Date as
though made as of such date, and Purchaser shall have delivered to Seller a
certificate to that effect, dated the Closing Date, and signed by the
President or a Vice President of Purchaser.   7.02. PERFORMANCE OF
COVENANTS.   Each and all of the covenants and agreements of Purchaser
to be performed or complied with prior to or on the Closing Date shall have
been duly performed or complied with by Purchaser, and Purchaser shall have
delivered to Seller a certificate to that effect, dated the Closing Date, and
signed by the President or a Vice President of Purchaser.   7.03. HSR ACT
APPROVALS.   The waiting period applicable to the consummation of
the Merger under the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.   7.04.
NO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   No injunction shall be in effect prohibiting or
restraining the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and no suit,
action or proceeding by or before any court or other governmental authority
shall have been commenced or threatened by any governmental entity to
restrain or challenge the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
seeking to obtain material damages from Seller if such transactions are
consummated.   7.05. OPINION OF COUNSEL.   Seller shall have received the
opinion of Marc N. Bell, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of
Purchaser, substantially in the form set forth in Schedule 7.05.   ARTICLE
VIII   SURVIVAL   8.01. SURVIVAL.   Notwithstanding any right of
Purchaser (whether or not exercised) to investigate the affairs of the
Company or any right of any party (whether or not exercised) to investigate
the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party
contained in this Agreement, Seller and Purchaser have the right to rely
fully upon the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the
other contained in this Agreement. The representations, warranties and
covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the Closing Date. All
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement (including the
Schedules hereto) or in any certificate delivered with respect thereto will
be deemed to be representations and warranties hereunder and, except for
those representations and warranties contained in Sections 2.01, 2.02, 2.05,
2.06, 2.18, 2.26, 3.01, 3.02, and 11.06 shall remain in full force and effect
until June 30, 2004; and the representations and warranties in Section 2.01,
2.02, 2.05, 2.06, 2.18, 2.26, 3.01, 3.02 and 11.06 shall remain in full force
and effect until 60 days after the expiration of any applicable statute of
limitations. Any claim for indemnity asserted within the relevant period
shall survive until resolved.   28    ARTICLE IX   INDEMNIFICATION  
9.01. INDEMNIFICATION BY SELLER.   Seller will indemnify, defend, save and
hold Purchaser and any of its affiliates (including the Company) and any of
its and their respective directors, officers, employees or agents
("Purchaser\'s Affiliates") harmless from and against any and all damage,
liability, loss, penalty, expense, assessment, judgment or deficiency of any
nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees
and expenses, consultants\' and investigators\' fees and expenses and other
costs and expenses incident to any suit, action or proceeding) (together,
"Losses") incurred or sustained by Purchaser or any of Purchaser\'s
Affiliates which shall arise out of or result from (a) any breach of any
representation or warranty given or made by Seller herein or in any
certificate delivered with respect thereto if and only to the extent Losses
incurred as a result of such breach and all other breaches exceed $25,000 in
the aggregate (at which point Seller will be obligated to indemnify Purchaser
and Purchaser\'s Affiliates from and against all such Losses relating back to
the first dollar), (b) any Retained Liability, (c) any liability for Taxes
under Section 4.14, (d) the noncompliance with or nonperformance of any other
agreement, obligation or covenant of Seller under this Agreement or
(e), subject to the following sentence, any enactment, enforcement,
publication, decree, issuance or other promulgation, whether before or after
the Closing Date, of any federal, state or local statute, regulation, rule,
order, decision or determination of any court, other governmental authority
or the Independent Auditor (as defined in the MSA) challenging, or the
bringing of any action, suit or proceeding seeking to challenge, the
continued validity and enforceability of the MSA, Qualifying Statutes (as
defined in the MSA) in any state, the payment obligations of Participating
Manufacturers thereunder, or limiting or restricting, or seeking to limit or
restrict, in any manner during any period Purchaser\'s ability to fully
utilize the Company\'s MSA Grandfathered Market Share, in the same manner it
is currently utilizable, in computing Purchaser\'s liabilities under the MSA,
without limiting or restricting in any manner during any period Liggett\'s
full utilization of its MSA Grandfathered Market Share, in the same manner it
is currently utilizable, in computing its liabilities under the MSA, or
otherwise diminishing the value of rights under the MSA or benefits expected
to be derived by Purchaser thereunder. Notwithstanding anything contained in
this Agreement to the contrary, Seller\'s indemnification obligation under
clause (e) of this Section 9.01 shall be limited solely to those
events, conditions or circumstances which relate specifically to Medallion
and not to all participants under the MSA generally. Any claim for
indemnification hereunder must be made by notice to Seller within the
applicable time period specified in Section 8.01. In determining the amount
of Losses for the purposes of Section 9.01 and 9.02, the parties shall make
appropriate adjustments for tax benefits actually received and insurance
payments actually received and Losses shall not include consequential damages
(unless reasonably foreseeable) or punitive damages other than any
consequential or punitive damages claimed by a third-party.   9.02.
INDEMNIFICATION BY PURCHASER.   Purchaser will indemnify, defend, save and
hold Seller and any of its affiliates and any of its or their respective
directors, officers, employees or agents ("Seller\'s Affiliates") harmless
from and against any and all Losses incurred or sustained by Seller or any of
Seller\'s Affiliates which shall arise out of or result from (a) any breach
of any representation and warranty given or made by Purchaser herein or in
any certificate delivered with respect thereto or (b) the noncompliance with
or nonperformance of any agreement, obligation or covenant of Purchaser under
this Agreement. Any claim for indemnification hereunder must be made by
notice to Purchaser within the applicable time period specified in Section
8.01.   29    9.03. RIGHT OF SETOFF.   Upon notice to Seller specifying
in reasonable detail the basis therefor, Purchaser may set off any amount to
which it may be entitled under this Article IX against amounts otherwise
payable under the Promissory Notes. The exercise of such right of setoff by
Purchaser in good faith, whether or not ultimately determined to be
justified, will not constitute an event of default under the Promissory Notes
or any instrument guaranteeing or securing the Promissory Notes.   9.04.
THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS.   Reasonably promptly after service of notice of any
claim or of process by any third party in any matter in respect of which
indemnity may be sought from the other party pursuant to this Agreement, the
party in receipt of the claim (the "Indemnified Party") shall notify the
other party (the "Indemnifying Party") of the receipt thereof. Failure to
give such notice reasonably promptly shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party
of its obligation hereunder; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if such failure to give
notice reasonably promptly irreparably prejudices the ability of the
Indemnifying Party to defend such claims or materially increases the amount
of indemnification which the Indemnifying Party is obligated to pay
hereunder, the amount of indemnification to which the Indemnified Party will
be entitled to receive shall be reduced to an amount which the Indemnified
Party would have been entitled to receive had such notice been timely given.
Unless the Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party that it
elects to assume the defense of any such claim or process or settlement
thereof at its sole cost and expense with counsel reasonably satisfactory to
the Indemnified Party (such notice to be given as promptly as reasonably
possible in view of the necessity to arrange for such defense (and in no
event later than 10 days following the aforesaid notice) and to be
accompanied by an acknowledgment of the Indemnifying Party\'s obligation
to indemnify the Indemnified Party in respect of such matter), the
Indemnified Party shall assume the defense of any such claim or process or
settlement thereof at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party.
Such defense shall be conducted expeditiously (but with due regard for
obtaining the most favorable outcome reasonably likely under the
circumstances, taking into account costs and expenditures) and the
Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, as the case may be, shall be advised
promptly of all developments. If the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense,
the Indemnified Party will have the right to participate fully in any such
action or proceeding and to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel will be at its own expense unless (i) the Indemnifying Party
shall have agreed to the retention of such counsel for both the Indemnifying
and Indemnified Parties or (ii) the named parties to any such suit, action or
proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying
Party and the Indemnified Party and representation of both parties by the
same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing
interests between them or the Indemnified Party has additional defenses not
available to the Indemnifying Party. No settlement of a claim by either party
shall be made without the prior written consent of the other party, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled to assume the defense
of any such action or proceeding (and shall be liable for the fees and
expenses of counsel incurred by the Indemnified Party in defending
such matter) to the extent that the action or proceeding seeks an order,
injunction or other equitable relief or relief for other than money damages
against the Indemnified Party subject to the same requirements referred to
above for the Indemnifying Party when it is entitled to assume such defense
and the Indemnified Party shall have the right to settle such matter without
the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party unless such settlement
involves the payment of money, in which event the required prior written
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   30    ARTICLE
X   TERMINATION   10.01. MUTUAL AGREEMENT.   This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Closing by mutual written agreement of
Purchaser and Seller.   10.02. NONCOMPLIANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE.   This
Agreement may be terminated by written notice by Purchaser to Seller or by
Seller to Purchaser, but in any event not by a party in material breach of
its obligations under this Agreement, without prejudice to the terminating
party\'s rights to claim damages or other relief, if (a)(i) any of the
conditions of this Agreement to be complied with at or before the Closing by
the party to whom notice is addressed shall have become incapable
of fulfillment prior to June 30, 2002, and (ii) such noncompliance shall not
have been waived by the party giving notice of termination or (b) the Closing
shall not have occurred on or prior to June 30, 2002. This Agreement may also
be terminated by Purchaser on or prior to the January 24, 2002 by written
notice by Purchaser to Seller if (x) Purchaser\'s due diligence examination
of the Company leads it to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion,
(y) Purchaser shall not have received a binding commitment for $50,000,000 of
senior secured debt financing, available to fund a portion of the Merger
consideration on the Closing Date and, in the judgment of Purchaser, on
market terms reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser or (z) Purchaser shall not
have received the consent, in form and substance satisfactory to Purchaser,
of Congress Financial Corporation to the guarantee by Liggett of indebtedness
of Purchaser incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby.   ARTICLE XI   MISCELLANEOUS   11.01. INTEGRATION;
AMENDMENT.   This Agreement (including the Schedules and Exhibits
attached hereto) and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire
agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter
hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, whether oral or
written, relating to the subject matter hereof. The terms of this Agreement
cannot be changed, modified, released or discharged orally.   11.02.
ASSIGNMENT.   This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the
benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by Purchaser without the prior
written consent of Seller or by Seller without the prior written consent of
Purchaser; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that this Agreement may be assigned by
Purchaser to (i) any corporate parent or any directly or indirectly wholly-
owned subsidiary of such corporate parent, (ii) any post-Closing purchaser of
all of the issued and outstanding stock of Purchaser or a substantial part of
its assets or the pre-Closing assets of the Company or (iii) any financial
institution providing   31   purchase money or other financing to
Purchaser from time to time as collateral security for such financing,
PROVIDED no such assignment shall relieve Purchaser of its obligations
hereunder.   11.03. COUNTERPARTS.   This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery
of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission
shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.  
11.04. HEADINGS; CONSTRUCTION.   The headings in this Agreement are included
for convenience of reference only and shall not in any way affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.   For all purposes of this Agreement,
including each representation, warranty, covenant and indemnity contained
herein, all references to Seller shall include each Seller on a joint and
several basis.   11.05. WAIVER; REQUIREMENT OF WRITING.   This Agreement
cannot be changed or any performance, term or condition waived in whole or in
part except by a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of the
change or waiver is sought. Any term or condition of this Agreement may be
waived at any time by the party hereto entitled to the benefit thereof. No
delay or failure on the part of any party in exercising any rights hereunder,
and no partial or single exercise thereof, will constitute a waiver of such
rights or of any other rights hereunder.   11.06. FINDER\'S FEES;
BROKERS.   Seller and Purchaser represent and warrant that there are
no claims (or any basis for any claims) for brokerage commissions, finder\'s
fees or like payments in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby resulting from any action taken by it or on its behalf
or, in the case of Seller, on the Company\'s behalf. Seller shall indemnify
and hold Purchaser harmless and Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller
harmless with respect to their respective representations and warranties set
forth in this Section 11.06.   11.07. EXPENSES.   Each of the parties
hereto shall pay, without right of reimbursement from the other party or from
the Company, all the costs incurred by it incident to the preparation,
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its
obligations hereunder, whether or not the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be consummated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Seller and
Purchaser shall share equally the cost of all filing fees required to be paid
by either of them, or their affiliates, in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement with respect to filings under the HSR Act, and
(ii) any expenses incurred by Seller in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement may be paid by the Company if all such
expenses to be paid by the Company are paid in full on or before the Closing
Date.   11.08. NOTICES.   Any notice, request, consent, waiver or other
communication required or permitted hereunder shall be effective only if it
is in writing and personally delivered or sent by telecopy or sent, postage
prepaid, by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by  
32   recognized overnight courier service, postage or other charges
prepaid, and shall be deemed given when so delivered by hand or telecopied,
or when received if sent by mail or by courier, as follows:   If to
Seller:   Mr. Gary L. Hall  c/o Sunflower Supply Co.  1001 West 7th
Street  Galena, Kansas 66739  Fax: (800) 229-2189   with a copy to:  
Morrison and Hecker L.L.P.  2600 Grand Avenue  Kansas City, Missouri
64108-4606  Fax: (816) 474-4208  Attention: Charles F. Jensen   If to the
Company:   The Medallion Company Inc.  311 South Valley View  Suite E128 
Las Vegas, Nevada 89102  Fax: (800) 229-2189  Attention: Gary L. Hall 
President   with a copy to:   Morrison and Hecker L.L.P.  2600 Grand
Avenue  Kansas City, Missouri 64108-4606  Fax: (816) 474-4208  Attention:
Charles F. Jensen   If to Purchaser:   Vector Tobacco Inc.  700 West Main
Street  Durham, North Carolina 27701-2801  Fax: (919) 683-8863  Attention:
Bennett S. LeBow  President   33    with a copy to:   Vector Group
Ltd.  100 S.E. Second Street, 32nd Floor  Miami, Florida 33131  Fax: (305)
579-8009  Attention: Richard J. Lampen  Executive Vice President  or such
other person or address as the addressee may have specified in a notice duly
given to the sender as provided herein.   11.09. APPLICABLE LAW.   This
Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with and governed
by the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of
laws principles.   11.10. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.   Each of the parties
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of (a) the Supreme Court of the State
of New York, New York County, and (b) the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, for the purposes of any suit, action or
other proceeding arising out of this Agreement, the Promissory Notes or any
transaction contemplated hereby. Each of the parties agrees to commence any
action, suit or proceeding relating hereto either in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York or if such suit, action
or other proceeding may not be brought in such court for jurisdictional
reasons, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County. Each
of the parties further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or
document by hand delivery or U.S. or foreign registered mail to such party\'s
respective address set forth in Section 11.08 hereof shall be
effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding brought
against such party in any such court. Each of the parties irrevocably and
unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any action,
suit or proceeding arising out of this Agreement, the Promissory Notes or the
transactions contemplated hereby in (i) the Supreme Court of the State of New
York, New York County, or (ii) the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York, and hereby further irrevocably and
unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court
that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum.   11.11. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS.   None of
the parties shall make any press release or public announcement with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby without (a) in the case of Purchaser,
obtaining the prior written approval of Seller and (b) in the case of Seller,
obtaining the prior written approval of Purchaser, except as may be required
by law or regulations of securities exchanges. Approvals under this Section
11.11 shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   11.12. NO THIRD-PARTY
BENEFICIARIES.   Other than as contemplated by Article IX, nothing in
this Agreement will be construed as giving any person, firm, corporation or
other entity, other than the parties hereto, their successors and permitted
assigns, any right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or
any provision hereof.   34    11.13. SEVERABILITY.   Whenever
possible, each provision and term of this Agreement will be interpreted in a
manner to be effective and valid, but if any provision or term of this
Agreement is held to be prohibited or invalid, then such provision or term
will be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity,
without invalidating or affecting in any manner whatsoever the remainder of
such provision or term or the remaining provisions or terms of
this Agreement. If any of the covenants set forth in Section 4.08 hereof are
held to be unreasonable, arbitrary or against public policy, such covenants
will be considered divisible with respect to scope, time and geographic area,
and in such lesser scope, time and geographic area, will be effective,
binding and enforceable against Seller, Wayne E. Rice and any of their
affiliates to the greatest extent permissible.   11.14. WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL.   EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO IN THE NEGOTIATION,
ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT THEREOF.   11.15. SPECIFIC
PERFORMANCE.   The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any remedy
at law for any breach of the provisions of this Agreement would be
inadequate, and each Party hereto hereby consents to the granting by any
court of an injunction or other equitable relief, without the necessity of
actual monetary loss being proved, in order that the breach or threatened
breach of such provisions may be effectively restrained.   35     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the
date first above written.   VECTOR TOBACCO INC.    By /s/ Bennett S.
Lebow  ---------------------------------------  Name: Bennett S. LeBow 
Title: President and Chief Executive  Officer     THE MEDALLION COMPANY,
INC.    By /s/ Gary L. Hall  --------------------------------------- 
Name: Gary L. Hall  Title: President    SELLER:   /s/ Gary L. Hall 
-------------------------------------------  Gary L. Hall     GARY L.
HALL RETAINED ANNUITY TRUST I    By /s/ Keith Noe 
---------------------------------------  Name: Keith Noe  Title:
Trustee     HALL FAMILY TRUST    By /s/ Keith Noe 
---------------------------------------  Name: Keith Noe  Title: Trustee  
AS TO SECTION 2.02 ONLY    /s/ Donna M. Hall 
-------------------------------------------  Donna M. Hall   36    AS TO
SECTION 4.13 ONLY   VGR HOLDING INC.     By: /s/ Richard J. Lampen 
---------------------------------------  Name: Richard J. Lampen  Title:
Executive Vice President    37    '

