<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>0002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1 - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>



                                                                     Exhibit 2.1


                                                                 EXECUTION COPY
                                                                 --------- ----

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                   dated as of

                                  June 23, 2000

                                     by and

                                      among

                             LILLY INDUSTRIES, INC.,

                            THE VALSPAR CORPORATION

                                       and

                               VAL ACQUISITION CORP.




<PAGE>





                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            Page

ARTICLE I    THE MERGER........................................................1
             SECTION 1.01.    The Merger.......................................1
             SECTION 1.02.    Conversion of Shares.............................1
             SECTION 1.03.    Payment for Shares...............................2
             SECTION 1.04.    Stock Options....................................4

ARTICLE II   SURVIVING CORPORATION; DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.....................4
             SECTION 2.01.    Articles of Incorporation........................4
             SECTION 2.02.    By-Laws..........................................4
             SECTION 2.03.    Directors and Officers...........................4

ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB...........5
             SECTION 3.01.    Organization and Qualification...................5
             SECTION 3.02.    Authority; Non-Contravention; Approvals..........5
             SECTION 3.03.    Proxy Statement..................................6
             SECTION 3.04.    Ownership of Company Common Stock................6
             SECTION 3.05.    Financing........................................6
             SECTION 3.06.    Brokers and Finders..............................7

ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.....................7
             SECTION 4.01.    Organization and Qualification...................7
             SECTION 4.02.    Capitalization...................................7
             SECTION 4.03.    Subsidiaries.....................................8
             SECTION 4.04.    Authority; Non-Contravention; Approvals..........9
             SECTION 4.05.    Reports and Financial Statements................10
             SECTION 4.06.    Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities..............11
             SECTION 4.07.    Absence of Certain Changes or Events............11
             SECTION 4.08.    Litigation......................................11
             SECTION 4.09.    Proxy Statement.................................11
             SECTION 4.10.    No Violation of Law.............................12
             SECTION 4.11.    Material Contracts; Compliance with Agreements..12
             SECTION 4.12.    Taxes...........................................13
             SECTION 4.13.    Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA...................13
             SECTION 4.14.    Collective Bargaining Agreements; Labor
                              Controversies...................................15
             SECTION 4.15.    Environmental Matters...........................16
             SECTION 4.16.    Intellectual Property...........................17
             SECTION 4.17.    Company Shareholders' Approval..................17
             SECTION 4.18.    Opinion of Financial Advisor....................17
             SECTION 4.19.    Brokers and Finders.............................17

ARTICLE V    COVENANTS........................................................17
             SECTION 5.01.    Conduct of Business by the Company Pending
                              the Merger......................................17
             SECTION 5.02.    Control of the Company's Operations.............20
             SECTION 5.03.    Acquisition Transactions........................20
             SECTION 5.04.    Access to Information; Confidentiality..........21
             SECTION 5.05.    Notices of Certain Events.......................22
             SECTION 5.06.    Merger Sub......................................23
             SECTION 5.07.    Employee Benefits...............................23
             SECTION 5.08.    Meeting of the Company's Shareholders...........24
             SECTION 5.09.    Proxy Statement.................................24
             SECTION 5.10.    Public Announcements............................25
             SECTION 5.11.    Expenses and Fees...............................25
             SECTION 5.12.    Agreement to Cooperate..........................25
             SECTION 5.13.    Directors' and Officers' Indemnification........27
             SECTION 5.14.    State Takeover Laws.............................28
             SECTION 5.15.    Employee Stock Purchase Plan....................28

ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER.........................................29
             SECTION 6.01.    Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party.....29
             SECTION 6.02.    Conditions to Obligation of the Company to
                              Effect the Merger...............................29
             SECTION 6.03.    Conditions to Obligations of Parent and
                              Subsidiary to Effect the Merger.................30

ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION......................................................30
             SECTION 7.01.    Termination.....................................30

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS....................................................32
             SECTION 8.01.    Effect of Termination...........................32
             SECTION 8.02.    Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties..32
             SECTION 8.03.    Notices.........................................32
             SECTION 8.04.    Interpretation..................................33
             SECTION 8.05.    Miscellaneous...................................33
             SECTION 8.06.    Counterparts....................................34
             SECTION 8.07.    Amendments; Extensions..........................34
             SECTION 8.08.    Entire Agreement................................34
             SECTION 8.09.    Severability....................................34
             SECTION 8.10.    Specific Performance............................34


<PAGE>


                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

               AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of June
23, 2000, among Lilly Industries,  Inc., an Indiana corporation (the "Company"),
The Valspar Corporation,  a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), and Val Acquisition
Corp., an Indiana  corporation and a wholly-owned  subsidiary of Parent ("Merger
Sub").

               WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub
and the Company  have each  approved  the merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company on the terms and subject to the  conditions  set forth in this Agreement
and have  adopted this  Agreement  as a plan of merger  pursuant to the Business
Corporation Law of the State of Indiana (the "IBCL"); and

               WHEREAS,  the  Merger is  subject to  approval  by the  Company's
stockholders,  as provided herein, and the Board of Directors of the Company has
agreed to recommend  such  approval,  on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

               NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  foregoing  and  the
respective  representations,  warranties,  covenants  and  agreements  set forth
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

     SECTION 1.01. The Merger.  (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
hereof,  and in accordance with the relevant  provisions of the IBCL, Merger Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger") at the Effective  Time.
Following the Merger,  the Company shall  continue as the surviving  corporation
(the "Surviving  Corporation"),  and the separate corporate  existence of Merger
Sub shall cease.

     (b) The Merger shall be  consummated  by filing with the Secretary of State
of the State of  Indiana  articles  of merger  (the  "Articles  of  Merger")  in
accordance with the IBCL. The Merger shall become  effective at such time as the
Articles of Merger are duly filed,  or at such later time after the  Articles of
Merger are so filed as Merger Sub and the Company shall agree and specify in the
Articles of Merger (the time the Merger becomes  effective  being the "Effective
Time").

     (c) The Merger shall have the effects specified under the IBCL.


     SECTION 1.02. Conversion of Shares. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of Parent,  Merger Sub, the Company or
the holders of any of the following securities:

     (a) Each  issued  and  outstanding  share of the  Company's  Class A Common
Stock,  without par value (the  "Class A Common  Stock"),  and of the  Company's
Class B Common  Stock,  without  par value  (the "Class B
Common


                                       1
<PAGE>


Stock," and together with the Class A Common Stock, the "Company Common Stock"),
held by the Company as treasury stock and each issued and  outstanding  share of
Company  Common Stock owned by any wholly owned  subsidiary of the Company or of
Parent shall be cancelled  and retired and shall cease to exist,  and no payment
or consideration shall be made with respect thereto.

     (b) Each issued and outstanding  share of Company Common Stock,  other than
shares of Company  Common  Stock  referred to in paragraph  (a) above,  shall be
converted into the right to receive an amount in cash,  without interest,  equal
to $31.75 (the "Merger  Consideration").  At the Effective Time, all such shares
of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding  and shall  automatically
be  cancelled  and  retired  and  shall  cease to  exist,  and each  holder of a
certificate  representing any such shares of Company Common Stock shall cease to
have any rights  with  respect  thereto,  except the right to receive the Merger
Consideration, without interest, applicable thereto.

     (c) Each issued and outstanding  share of capital stock of Merger Sub shall
be converted into one fully paid and  nonassessable  share of common stock,  par
value $0.01, of the Surviving Corporation.

     SECTION 1.03.  Payment for Shares.  (a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent
shall appoint a bank or trust company reasonably  satisfactory to the Company to
act as  disbursing  agent (the  "Disbursing  Agent")  for the  payment of Merger
Consideration  upon  surrender of  certificates  representing  shares of Company
Common  Stock  and  shall  enter  into a  disbursing  agent  agreement  with the
Disbursing Agent in form and substance reasonably  acceptable to the Company. At
or prior to the  Effective  Time,  Parent shall deposit or cause to be deposited
with the Disbursing Agent in trust for the benefit of the Company's shareholders
cash in an aggregate amount  necessary to make the payments  pursuant to Section
1.02 to all  holders of shares of  Company  Common  Stock  (such  amounts  being
hereinafter  referred to as the "Exchange  Fund").  The  Disbursing  Agent shall
invest  the  Exchange  Fund  as the  Surviving  Corporation  directs  in  direct
obligations  of the United  States of  America,  obligations  for which the full
faith and credit of the United  States of America is pledged to provide  for the
payment of all principal and interest or commercial paper obligations  receiving
the highest rating from either  Moody's  Investors  Service,  Inc. or Standard &
Poor's,  a division  of The McGraw Hill  Companies,  or a  combination  thereof,
provided  that,  in any such  case,  no such  instrument  shall  have a maturity
exceeding  three months.  Any net profit  resulting  from, or interest or income
produced by, such  investments  shall be held in the Exchange Fund. The Exchange
Fund  shall  not be used  for any  other  purpose  except  as  provided  in this
Agreement.

     (b) Promptly  after the Effective  Time,  the Surviving  Corporation  shall
cause the Disbursing  Agent to mail to each person who was a record holder as of
the  Effective  Time  of  an  outstanding   certificate  or  certificates  which
immediately  prior to the Effective  Time  represented  shares of Company Common
Stock (the  "Certificates"),  and whose shares were  converted into the right to
receive  Merger  Consideration  pursuant  to Section  1.02,  a form of letter of
transmittal  (which shall specify that delivery  shall be effected,  and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates  shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Disbursing Agent) and instructions for use in effecting the



                                       2
<PAGE>

surrender of the  Certificates in exchange for payment of the applicable  Merger
Consideration. Upon surrender to the Disbursing Agent of a Certificate, together
with such letter of transmittal duly executed and such other documents as may be
reasonably  required by the  Disbursing  Agent,  the holder of such  Certificate
shall be paid  promptly  in  exchange  therefor  cash in an amount  equal to the
product of the  number of shares of Company  Common  Stock  represented  by such
Certificate  multiplied by the Merger Consideration,  and such Certificate shall
forthwith be cancelled.  No interest will be paid or accrued on the cash payable
upon  the  surrender  of  the  Certificates.  Notwithstanding  anything  to  the
contrary,  in the event  that  prior to the  Effective  Time the  Company  shall
declare any dividend or  distribution  with respect to shares of Company  Common
Stock, and such dividend or distribution shall have a record date on or prior to
the  Effective  Time and shall not have been paid prior to the  Effective  Time,
each  holder of shares of  Company  Common  Stock on the  record  date  shall be
entitled  to  receive  such   dividend  or   distribution   from  the  Surviving
Corporation. If payment is to be made to a person other than the person in whose
name the  Certificate  surrendered  is  registered,  it shall be a condition  of
payment that the Certificate so surrendered be properly endorsed or otherwise be
in proper form for transfer and that the person  requesting such payment pay any
transfer or other taxes required by reason of the payment to a person other than
the  registered  holder  of the  Certificate  surrendered  or  establish  to the
satisfaction of the Surviving  Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not
applicable.  Until surrendered in accordance with the provisions of this Section
1.03, each Certificate (other than Certificates  representing  shares of Company
Common Stock which have been  cancelled)  shall  represent for all purposes only
the right to receive in cash the Merger  Consideration  multiplied by the number
of shares of Company  Common Stock  evidenced by such  Certificate,  without any
interest thereon.

     (c) At and after the  Effective  Time,  there shall be no  registration  of
transfers of shares of Company Common Stock which were  outstanding  immediately
prior  to the  Effective  Time on the  stock  transfer  books  of the  Surviving
Corporation. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of shares of Company
Common Stock outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to
have any rights with  respect to such shares of Company  Common  Stock except as
otherwise  provided in this  Agreement or by applicable  law. All cash paid upon
the surrender of  Certificates  in accordance  with the terms of this  Agreement
shall be deemed to have been paid in full  satisfaction of all rights pertaining
to  the  shares  of  Company  Common  Stock   previously   represented  by  such
Certificates.  If, after the Effective Time,  Certificates  are presented to the
Surviving  Corporation for any reason,  such Certificates shall be cancelled and
exchanged  for cash as provided in this  Agreement.  At the close of business on
the day of the Effective Time the stock ledger of the Company shall be closed.

     (d) At any  time  more  than six  months  after  the  Effective  Time,  the
Surviving  Corporation  shall be  entitled to require  the  Disbursing  Agent to
deliver to it any funds which had been made  available to the  Disbursing  Agent
and not disbursed in exchange for Certificates  (including,  without limitation,
any interest and other income received by the Disbursing Agent in respect of all
such funds).  Thereafter,  holders of shares of Company  Common Stock shall look
only to Parent  (subject  to the terms of this  Agreement,  abandoned  property,
escheat and other similar laws) as general creditors



                                       3
<PAGE>

thereof with respect to any Merger  Consideration  that may be payable,  without
interest,  upon  due  surrender  of  the  Certificates  held  by  them.  If  any
Certificates  shall  not have been  surrendered  prior to five  years  after the
Effective  Time (or  immediately  prior to such  time on which  any  payment  in
respect  hereof  would   otherwise   escheat  or  become  the  property  of  any
governmental unit or agency), the payment in respect of such Certificates shall,
to the extent  permitted by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving
Corporation,  free and clear of all claims or interest of any person  previously
entitled thereto.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  none of Parent, the Company,
the Surviving Corporation nor the Disbursing Agent shall be liable to any holder
of a share of Company  Common  Stock for any Merger  Consideration  delivered in
respect of such share of Company Common Stock to a public official to the extent
required by any abandoned property, escheat or other similar law.

     SECTION 1.04. Stock Options. The Company shall (a) terminate the Company's
1991 Director  Stock Option Plan and 1992 Stock Option Plan  (collectively,  the
"Company  Option  Plans")  immediately  prior  to  the  Effective  Time  without
prejudice  to the  rights of the  holders  of options  (the  "Options")  awarded
pursuant thereto and (b) following such termination grant no additional  Options
under the Company Option Plans.  Prior to the Effective  Time, the Company shall
use its reasonable  efforts to take all actions necessary  (including  obtaining
any consents  necessary  from holders of Options),  so that, as of the Effective
Time, each  outstanding  Option shall be cancelled in return for a lump sum cash
payment to the holder thereof by Parent or the Surviving  Corporation,  equal to
the product of (i) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to
the Option  immediately  prior to the Effective Time (whether or not vested) and
(ii) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of
Company  Common  Stock  subject  to such  Company  Option,  plus,  to holders of
non-qualified  options (other than non-employee  directors),  an amount equal to
35% of the  foregoing  lump sum cash payment;  less in each case any  applicable
withholding.

                                   ARTICLE II

                  SURVIVING CORPORATION; DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

     SECTION 2.01. Articles of Incorporation. The Articles of Incorporation of
the  Merger  Sub in  effect  at the  Effective  Time  shall be the  articles  of
incorporation  of  the  Surviving   Corporation  until  thereafter   amended  in
accordance with applicable law.

     SECTION 2.02. By-Laws. The By-Laws of Merger Sub in effect at the Effective
Time shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving  Corporation until thereafter amended
in accordance  with applicable law and the Surviving  Corporation's  Articles of
Incorporation.

     SECTION  2.03.  Directors  and  Officers.   The  directors  of  Merger  Sub
immediately  prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving
Corporation as of the Effective  Time.  The officers of the Company  immediately
prior to the Effective  Time shall be the officers of the Surviving  Corporation
as of the Effective Time.



                                       4
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE III

                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT
                                 AND MERGER SUB

     Parent and Merger Sub jointly and  severally  represent  and warrant to the
Company that, except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule dated and delivered
by  Parent  to the  Company  as of  the  date  hereof  (the  "Parent  Disclosure
Schedule"):

     SECTION 3.01. Organization and Qualification. Each of Parent and Merger Sub
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the state of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to own,  lease and operate its assets and  properties  and to carry on
its  business  as it is now being  conducted.  Each of Parent  and Merger Sub is
qualified to transact  business and is in good standing in each  jurisdiction in
which the  properties  owned,  leased  or  operated  by it or the  nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except as would not
reasonably  be  expected  to have a  material  adverse  effect on the  business,
properties,  operations, assets, financial condition or results of operations of
Parent  and its  subsidiaries,  taken as a whole  (a  "Parent  Material  Adverse
Effect").

     SECTION  3.02.  Authority;  Non-Contravention;  Approvals.  (a)  Parent and
Merger Sub each have full  corporate  power and  authority  to enter  into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
has been  approved by the Boards of  Directors  of Parent and Merger Sub and the
sole  shareholder of Merger Sub, and no other corporate  proceedings  (including
any  shareholder  approval) on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to
authorize the execution and delivery of this  Agreement or the  consummation  by
Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions  contemplated  hereby.  This Agreement
has been duly  executed  and  delivered  by each of Parent  and  Merger Sub and,
assuming the due  authorization,  execution and delivery  hereof by the Company,
constitutes a valid and legally  binding  agreement of each of Parent and Merger
Sub enforceable  against each of them in accordance with its terms,  except that
such enforcement may be subject to (i) bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,
moratorium  or other  similar  laws  affecting  or  relating to  enforcement  of
creditors' rights generally and (ii) general equitable principles.

     (b) The  execution,  delivery and  performance of this Agreement by each of
Parent and Merger Sub and the  consummation  of the Merger and the  transactions
contemplated  hereby do not and will not violate,  conflict  with or result in a
breach of any  provision  of, or  constitute a default (or an event which,  with
notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in
the termination  of, or accelerate the  performance  required by, or result in a
right of termination  or  acceleration  under,  or result in the creation of any
lien,  security  interest or encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of
Parent  or any of its  subsidiaries  under  any  of  the  terms,  conditions  or
provisions of (i) the respective  certificates  of  incorporation  or by-laws of
Parent or any of its  subsidiaries,  (ii) any  statute,  law,  ordinance,  rule,
regulation,  judgment, decree, order, injunction, writ, permit or license of any
court or governmental  authority applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries
or any of  their  respective  properties  or  assets,  subject,  in the  case of
consummation,  to obtaining  (prior to the Effective  Time) the Parent  Required
Statutory  Approvals,  or (iii) any note,  bond,  mortgage,  indenture,  deed of
trust,  license,  franchise,  permit,  concession,   contract,  lease  or  other
instrument, obligation or agreement of any kind


                                       5
<PAGE>



(each a "Contract" and  collectively  "Contracts") to which Parent or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or by which Parent or any of its  subsidiaries or any of
their respective properties or assets may be bound or affected,  subject, in the
case of  consummation,  to obtaining and/or giving (prior to the Effective Time)
consents  required from and/or notices required to third parties as specified in
Section  3.02(b) of the Parent  Disclosure  Schedule  (the  "Parent  Third Party
Approvals")  and  other  than,  in the  case  of  (ii)  and  (iii)  above,  such
violations,  conflicts,  breaches,  defaults,  terminations,   accelerations  or
creations of liens, security interests or encumbrances that would not reasonably
be expected to have a Parent  Material  Adverse  Effect or prevent or materially
delay the consummation of the Merger.

     (c) Except for (i) the filings by Parent required by the  Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust  Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (ii) applicable
filings,  if any,  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (the  "SEC")
pursuant to the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended  (the  "Exchange
Act"), (iii) filing of the Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of Indiana in  connection  with the Merger and (iv) any  required  filings
with or approvals from  authorities of any state or foreign country in which the
Company or its subsidiaries  conduct any business or own any assets (the filings
and approvals referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) are collectively  referred
to as the "Parent  Required  Statutory  Approvals"),  no declaration,  filing or
registration  with, or notice to, or authorization,  consent or approval of, any
governmental  or regulatory body or authority is necessary for the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub or the consummation by Parent
or  Merger  Sub  of  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  other  than  such
declarations,  filings,  registrations,  notices,  authorizations,  consents  or
approvals  which,  if not  made or  obtained,  as the  case  may be,  would  not
reasonably be expected to have a Parent  Material  Adverse  Effect or prevent or
materially delay the consummation of the Merger.

     SECTION 3.03.  Proxy  Statement.  None of the information to be supplied by
Parent or its  subsidiaries  for inclusion in any proxy statement or information
statement to be distributed in connection  with the Company  Meeting (the "Proxy
Statement")  will,  at the time of the  mailing of the Proxy  Statement  and any
amendments  or  supplements  thereto,  and at the time of the  Company  Meeting,
contain any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated  therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein,  in the light of the  circumstances  under  which  they are  made,  not
misleading.

     SECTION 3.04. Ownership of Company Common Stock. Neither Parent nor any of
its subsidiaries beneficially owns any shares
of Company Common Stock as of the date hereof.

     SECTION 3.05. Financing. Without prejudice to the fact that this Agreement
does not provide for any financing condition or contingency, Parent has provided
to the Company a true and complete copy (not including schedules or exhibits) of
a financing  commitment letter signed by the lender for the financing  necessary
to consummate the Merger and to pay all associated costs and expenses (including
any refinancing of indebtedness of Parent or the Company  required in connection
therewith). Parent will, at the Effective Time, have available cash in an amount
sufficient  to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  including,
without limitation, to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration to be paid to the



                                       6
<PAGE>


Company's shareholders in the Merger and the aggregate  consideration to be paid
to holders of Options.

     SECTION  3.06. Brokers  and  Finders.  Except as  disclosed  in the  Parent
Disclosure  Schedule,  Parent has not entered into any contract,  arrangement or
understanding  with any person or firm which may result in the obligation of the
Company to pay any investment  banking fees,  finder's fees,  brokerage or agent
commissions  or  other  like  payments  in  connection  with  the   transactions
contemplated hereby.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company  represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that,  except
as set forth in the  Company SEC Reports or the  disclosure  schedule  dated and
delivered  by  the  Company  to  Parent  as of the  date  hereof  (the  "Company
Disclosure Schedule"):

     SECTION 4.01. Organization and Qualification. The Company is a corporation
duly  organized and validly  existing under the laws of the State of Indiana and
has the requisite  corporate  power and authority to own,  lease and operate its
assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.
The Company is qualified to transact business and, where applicable,  is in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the properties owned,  leased or operated
by it or the nature of the  business  conducted  by it makes such  qualification
necessary, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.  True, accurate and complete copies of the Company's Amended and
Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  and Code of  By-Laws,  in each case as in
effect on the date hereof,  including all amendments  thereto,  have  heretofore
been delivered to Parent.

     SECTION  4.02.  Capitalization.  (a) The  authorized  capital  stock of the
Company  consists  of  100,000,000  shares  of  Company  Common  Stock  of which
97,000,000  are shares of Class A Common Stock and 3,000,000 are shares of Class
B Common  Stock.  As of May 31, 2000,  (i)  22,715,254  shares of Class A Common
Stock,  and 501,766  shares of Class B Common Stock,  including in each case the
associated Rights (as defined in Section 4.02(b)),  were issued and outstanding,
all of which shares of Company  Common  Stock were validly  issued and are fully
paid,  nonassessable  and free of preemptive  rights,  (ii) 5,290,008  shares of
Class A Common Stock and 38,234  shares of Class B Common Stock were held in the
treasury of the Company and (iii)  2,738,933  shares of Class A Common Stock and
no shares of Class B Common Stock were  reserved for issuance  upon  exercise of
options  issued and  outstanding.  Since May 31, 2000  through the date  hereof,
except as permitted by the Agreement, (i) no shares of Company Common Stock have
been  issued  except in  connection  with the  exercise  of  options  issued and
outstanding  and except for shares of Company Common Stock required to be issued
in  connection  with the  Company's  existing  Dividend  Reinvestment  Plan (the
"DRP"),  Employee  Savings  401(k) Plan (the  "401(k)  Plan") or Employee  Stock
Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") and (ii) no options, warrants, securities convertible
into, or commitments with respect to the issuance of, shares of capital stock of
the Company have been issued,  granted or made except Rights in accordance  with
the terms of the Rights Agreement.



                                       7
<PAGE>

     (b) Except for the Common  Share  Purchase  Rights  (the  "Rights")  issued
pursuant to the Rights Agreement (the "Rights  Agreement"),  dated as of January
12,  1996,  by and  between  the Company  and  National  City Bank (the  "Rights
Agent"),  or for options issued and  outstanding,  as of the date hereof,  there
were no  outstanding  subscriptions,  options,  calls,  contracts,  commitments,
understandings,  restrictions,  arrangements,  rights or warrants, including any
right of conversion or exchange under any  outstanding  security,  instrument or
other  agreement  and also  including  any  rights  plan or  other  antitakeover
agreement,  obligating  the Company or any  subsidiary  of the Company to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,  delivered or sold, additional shares of
Company  Common Stock or obligating the Company or any subsidiary of the Company
to grant, extend or enter into any such agreement or commitment.  As of the date
hereof, there are no obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the Company to (i)
repurchase,  redeem or otherwise  acquire any shares of Company  Common Stock or
the capital  stock or other equity  interests of any  subsidiary  of the Company
except in connection with the exercise of options issued and outstanding or (ii)
(other than advances to subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business) provide
material  funds to, or make any material  investment  in (in the form of a loan,
capital contribution or otherwise), or provide any guarantee with respect to the
obligations of, any subsidiary of the Company or any other person.  There are no
outstanding stock appreciation rights or similar derivative securities or rights
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. There are no bonds, debentures, notes
or other  indebtedness  of the Company having the right to vote (or  convertible
into, or exchangeable  for,  securities having the right to vote) on any matters
on which shareholders of the Company may vote. Except as otherwise  contemplated
by this  Agreement  there are no voting  trusts,  irrevocable  proxies  or other
agreements  or  understandings  to which the  Company or any  subsidiary  of the
Company  is a party or is bound  with  respect  to the  voting of any  shares of
Company Common Stock. The Board of Directors of the Company has taken all action
to amend the Rights  Agreement  (subject only to the execution of such amendment
by the Rights Agent) to provide that (i) none of the Parent and its subsidiaries
shall become an "Acquiring  Person" and no "Share  Acquisition Date" shall occur
as a result of the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
consummation of the Merger,  (ii) no "Distribution Date" shall occur as a result
of  the  announcement  of or  the  execution  of  this  Agreement  or any of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby and (iii) the Rights will expire  without any
further  force or  effect as of  immediately  prior to the  consummation  of the
Merger.  Upon execution of such amendment to the Rights  Agreement by the Rights
Agent,  such amendment to the Rights  Agreement shall become effective and shall
remain in full force and effect until  immediately  following the termination of
this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

     (c) The  Company has  previously  made  available  to Parent  complete  and
correct  copies of the Company Option Plans,  including all amendments  thereto.
The Company has previously  made available to Parent a complete and correct list
setting forth as of May 31, 2000, (i) the number of Options outstanding and (ii)
the weighted average exercise price for all outstanding  Options.  Since May 31,
2000, the Company has not granted or agreed to grant any Options.

     SECTION 4.03. Subsidiaries. Each direct and indirect subsidiary of the
Company is duly  organized,  validly  existing and,  where  applicable,  in good
standing under the


                                       8
<PAGE>

laws of its  jurisdiction  of  incorporation  and has the  requisite  power  and
authority to own,  lease and operate its assets and  properties  and to carry on
its business as it is now being  conducted and each subsidiary of the Company is
qualified to transact business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction in
which the  properties  owned,  leased  or  operated  by it or the  nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary; except in all cases
as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company  Material  Adverse Effect.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each subsidiary of the Company
are validly issued, fully paid,  nonassessable and free of preemptive rights and
are owned  directly or  indirectly  by the  Company  free and clear of any liens
(other than liens arising by operation of law), claims,  encumbrances,  security
interests,  equities  and  options  of  any  nature  whatsoever.  There  are  no
subscriptions,  options,  warrants,  rights,  calls,  contracts,  voting trusts,
proxies  or other  commitments,  understandings,  restrictions  or  arrangements
relating to the issuance, sale, voting, transfer, ownership or other rights with
respect  to any  shares  of  capital  stock of any  subsidiary  of the  Company,
including any right of conversion or exchange  under any  outstanding  security,
instrument  or agreement.  The Company has no material  investment in any entity
other than its subsidiaries.

     SECTION 4.04. Authority; Non-Contravention;  Approvals. (a) The Company has
full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and,  subject to
the Company Shareholder  Approval,  to consummate the transactions  contemplated
hereby.  This  Agreement  has been  approved  by the Board of  Directors  of the
Company,  and no other  corporate  proceedings  on the part of the  Company  are
necessary to authorize the  execution and delivery of this  Agreement or, except
for the Company  Shareholder  Approval,  the  consummation by the Company of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby.  This  Agreement  has been duly executed and
delivered by the Company,  and,  assuming the due  authorization,  execution and
delivery  hereof by Parent  and  Merger  Sub,  constitutes  a valid and  legally
binding agreement of the Company,  enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms,  except that such  enforcement may be subject to (i) bankruptcy,
insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  or other  similar  laws  affecting  or
relating  to  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights  generally  and  (ii)  general
equitable principles.

     (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the
Company and the  consummation  of the Merger and the  transactions  contemplated
hereby do not and will not violate,  conflict  with or result in a breach of any
provision of, or  constitute a default (or an event which,  with notice or lapse
of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination
of,  or  accelerate  the  performance  required  by,  or  result  in a right  of
termination or acceleration under,  contractually  require any offer to purchase
or any  prepayment  of any debt or result in the creation of any lien,  security
interest or  encumbrance  upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries under any of the terms,  conditions or provisions of (i)
the  respective  articles or  certificates  of  incorporation  or by-laws of the
Company or any of its  subsidiaries,  (ii) any statute,  law,  ordinance,  rule,
regulation,  judgment, decree, order, injunction, writ, permit or license of any
court  or  governmental  authority  applicable  to  the  Company  or  any of its
subsidiaries  or any of their  respective  properties or assets,  subject in the
case of  consummation,  to obtaining  (prior to the Effective  Time) the Company
Required Statutory Approvals and the Company Shareholder  Approval, or (iii) any
Contract to which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries is a party or by which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective  properties or
assets may be


                                       9
<PAGE>

bound or affected,  subject,  in the case of  consummation,  to obtaining and/or
giving  (prior to the Effective  Time)  consents  required  from and/or  notices
required  to third  parties  as  specified  in Section  4.04(b)  of the  Company
Disclosure Schedule (the "Company Third Party Approvals") and other than, in the
case of (ii) and (iii) above, such violations,  conflicts,  breaches,  defaults,
terminations,  accelerations  or  creations  of  liens,  security  interests  or
encumbrances  that would not  reasonably be expected to have a Company  Material
Adverse Effect or prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Merger.

     (c) Except for (i) the filings by the Company required by the HSR Act, (ii)
the filing of the Proxy  Statement  with the SEC pursuant to the  Exchange  Act,
(iii) the filing of the  Articles of Merger with the  Secretary  of State of the
State of  Indiana  in  connection  with the  Merger,  (iv) any  filings  with or
approvals from  authorities  required solely by virtue of the  jurisdictions  in
which Parent or its subsidiaries  conduct any business or own any assets and (v)
any  required  filings  with or approvals  from  applicable  domestic or foreign
environmental  authorities,   public  service  commissions  and  public  utility
commissions  (the filings and  approvals  referred to in clauses (i) through (v)
and those  disclosed in Section 4.04(c) of the Company  Disclosure  Schedule are
collectively  referred to as the "Company  Required  Statutory  Approvals"),  no
declaration,  filing  or  registration  with,  or notice  to, or  authorization,
consent or approval  of, any  governmental  or  regulatory  body or authority is
necessary for the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the
consummation by the Company of the transactions  contemplated hereby, other than
such declarations, filings, registrations, notices, authorizations,  consents or
approvals  which,  if not  made or  obtained,  as the  case  may be,  would  not
reasonably be expected to have a Company  Material  Adverse Effect or prevent or
materially delay the consummation of the Merger.

     (d) The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted resolutions to exempt
the Merger,  this Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby from the
restrictions  of Sections  23-1-42-1 to 11 and  Sections  23-1-43-1 to 24 of the
IBCL, and, accordingly, none of such Sections applies to any such transactions.

     SECTION 4.05. Reports and Financial Statements. Since January 1, 1998, the
Company  has filed with the SEC all  material  forms,  statements,  reports  and
documents  (including all exhibits,  posteffective  amendments  and  supplements
thereto) (the  "Company SEC  Reports")  required to be filed by it under each of
the Securities  Act, the Exchange Act and the respective  rules and  regulations
thereunder,  all of which,  as amended if  applicable,  complied in all material
respects with all applicable  requirements  of the appropriate act and the rules
and regulations  thereunder.  As of their  respective dates except as amended or
supplemented  prior to the date hereof,  the Company SEC Reports did not contain
any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or omit to  state a  material  fact
required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,  in
the light of the circumstances  under which they were made, not misleading.  The
audited  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Company  included  in the
Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the twelve  months ended  November 30,
1999 and the  unaudited  financial  statements  of the  Company  included in the
Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q (the "Company 10-Q") for the quarterly
period  ended   February  29,  2000   (collectively,   the  "Company   Financial
Statements") have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis (except as may be



                                       10
<PAGE>

indicated  therein or in the notes  thereto) and fairly  present in all material
respects the financial  position of the Company and its  subsidiaries  as of the
dates  thereof and the  results of their  operations  and  changes in  financial
position  for the  periods  then ended  (subject,  in the case of the  unaudited
financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments).

     SECTION 4.06.  Absence of Undisclosed  Liabilities.  Except as disclosed in
the Company Financial  Statements or the notes thereto,  neither the Company nor
any of its  subsidiaries  had at February 29, 2000,  or has incurred  since that
date through the date hereof, any liabilities or obligations  (whether absolute,
accrued,  contingent  or  otherwise)  of any  nature,  except  (a)  liabilities,
obligations or  contingencies  (i) which are accrued or reserved  against in the
Company  Financial  Statements  or reflected in the notes  thereto or (ii) which
were  incurred in the  ordinary  course of  business  and  consistent  with past
practices and (b)  liabilities,  obligations  or  contingencies  which would not
reasonably  be  expected  to have a Company  Material  Adverse  Effect,  and (c)
liabilities, obligations and contingencies which are of a nature not required to
be reflected in the  consolidated  financial  statements  of the Company and its
subsidiaries   prepared  in  accordance  with  generally   accepted   accounting
principles  consistently  applied which are not, excluding all matters set forth
on  the  Company  Disclosure   Schedules,   material  to  the  Company  and  its
subsidiaries taken as a whole.

     SECTION  4.07.  Absence of Certain  Changes or Events.  Since  February 29,
2000, there has not been any Company Material Adverse Effect.  From February 29,
2000 through the date hereof,  the Company and its  subsidiaries  have conducted
their business and operations in the ordinary  course of business and consistent
with past practice and there has not been any amendment to the Company's charter
or bylaws.

     SECTION  4.08.  Litigation.  As of the date  hereof,  there are no  claims,
suits,  actions or  proceedings  ("Claims")  pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company,  threatened against, relating to or affecting the Company or any of its
subsidiaries,  before any court,  governmental department,  commission,  agency,
instrumentality  or  authority,  or any  arbitrator  that  would  reasonably  be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any
of its  subsidiaries  is subject to any judgment,  decree,  injunction,  rule or
order of any court, governmental department, commission, agency, instrumentality
or  authority,  or  any  arbitrator  which  prohibits  the  consummation  of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby or would  reasonably  be  expected  to have a
Company  Material  Adverse  Effect.  As of the date hereof,  there are no Claims
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,  threatened  against the Company or
any of its subsidiaries before any court,  governmental department,  commission,
agency,  instrumentality or authority,  or any arbitrator or mediator,  alleging
that the  Company or any of its  subsidiaries  has  liability  arising  from the
presence of lead in any product sold by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

     SECTION 4.09.  Proxy  Statement.  None of the information to be supplied by
the Company or its  subsidiaries  for inclusion in the Proxy  Statement will, at
the time of the mailing thereof and any amendments or supplements  thereto,  and
at the time of the Company  Meeting,  contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state  any  material  fact  required  to be  stated  therein  or
necessary  in  order  to  make  the  statements  therein,  in the  light  of the
circumstances  under which they are made, not  misleading.  The Proxy  Statement
will comply,  as of its mailing date,  as to form in all material  respects with
all applicable laws,


                                       11
<PAGE>

including  the  provisions  of the  Exchange  Act and the rules and  regulations
promulgated  thereunder,  except that no  representation  is made by the Company
with respect to information supplied by Parent, Merger Sub or any stockholder of
Parent for inclusion therein.

     SECTION  4.10.  No  Violation  of Law. As of the date  hereof,  neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of or has been given written
notice of any violation of, any law, statute, order, rule, regulation, ordinance
or judgment (including,  without limitation,  any applicable  environmental law,
ordinance or  regulation)  or other legal  requirement  of any  governmental  or
regulatory body or authority,  except for violations  which would not reasonably
be expected to have a Company  Material  Adverse  Effect.  No  investigation  or
review by any  governmental  or  regulatory  body or  authority is pending as to
which the Company  has  received  notice or, to the  knowledge  of the  Company,
threatened,  nor has any governmental or regulatory body or authority  indicated
an  intention  to conduct the same,  as of the date hereof  other than,  in each
case,  those the outcome of which,  as far as reasonably can be foreseen,  would
not  reasonably  be  expected to have a Company  Material  Adverse  Effect.  The
Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, licenses, franchises,  variances,
exemptions, orders and other governmental authorizations, consents and approvals
necessary to conduct their businesses as presently conducted (collectively,  the
"Company  Permits"),  except  for  permits,  licenses,  franchises,   variances,
exemptions, orders, authorizations,  consents and approvals the absence of which
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  The
Company and its  subsidiaries  are not in  violation of the terms of any Company
Permit,  except  for  delays in filing  reports or  violations  which  would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     SECTION 4.11.  Material Contracts;  Compliance with Agreements.  (a) Except
for those  agreements and other  documents  filed as exhibits to the Company SEC
Reports,  none of the  Company or its  subsidiaries  is a party to,  bound by or
subject to any Contract that (i) is a "material  contract" within the meaning of
Item  601(b)(10) of Regulation  S-K of the SEC or (ii)  restricts the Company to
from conducting its business in any geographical regions or selling any lines of
product.

     (b) Since January 1, 1998 through the date hereof,  neither the Company nor
any of its  subsidiaries  has entered into any Contract (other than any Contract
entered  into in the ordinary  course or for current  assets or fixed or capital
assets) (i) to acquire (including by way of merger, consolidation or acquisition
of stock or assets) any company or business or any division  thereof or material
portion of the assets  thereof for over  $7,500,000  in value or (ii) to sell or
commit to sell,  transfer or otherwise  dispose of  (including by way of merger,
consolidation  or  acquisition of stock or assets) any business or assets of the
Company or such subsidiary for over $7,500,000 in value.

     (c) The Company and each of its subsidiaries are not in breach or violation
of or in default in the  performance  or observance of any term or provision of,
and no event has occurred which,  with lapse of time or action by a third party,
would result in a default under, (i) the respective  articles or certificates of
incorporation,  by-laws or similar organizational  instruments of the Company or
any of its  subsidiaries or (ii) any Contract to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries  is a party  or by which  any of them is  bound or to which  any of
their  property is subject,  other than as would not  reasonably  be expected


                                       12
<PAGE>

to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the Company's knowledge, there has
been no  material  default,  cancellation  or breach  by any other  party to any
material Contract to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party.

     SECTION 4.12.  Taxes.  (a) The Company and its  subsidiaries  have (i) duly
filed with the appropriate  governmental authorities all Tax Returns required to
be filed by them,  and such Tax  Returns are true,  correct and  complete in all
material respects, and (ii) duly paid in full all taxes shown as due on such Tax
Returns,  except in each case where the  failure to file such Tax Returns or pay
such Tax would not,  individually or in the aggregate,  have a Company  Material
Adverse  Effect.  The  liabilities  and  reserves  for  Taxes  reflected  in the
Company's  latest  balance sheet included in the Company 10-Q to cover all Taxes
for all periods  ending at or prior to the date of such balance  sheet have been
determined in accordance  with generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and
there is no material  liability  for Taxes for any period  beginning  after such
date other than Taxes arising in the ordinary  course of business.  There are no
material  liens for  Taxes  upon any  property  or asset of the  Company  or any
subsidiary thereof, except for liens for Taxes not yet due or Taxes contested in
good faith and reserved against in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. As of the date hereof, there are no unresolved issues of law or fact
arising out of a notice of deficiency,  proposed  deficiency or assessment  from
the  Internal  Revenue  Service  (the  "IRS") or any other  governmental  taxing
authority with respect to Taxes of the Company or any of its subsidiaries  which
would reasonably be expected to be material to the Company.  Neither the Company
nor  any of its  subsidiaries  is a party  to any  agreement  providing  for the
allocation or sharing of material Taxes with any entity that is not, directly or
indirectly, a wholly-owned corporate subsidiary of the Company.

     (b) The Company and each of its subsidiaries have withheld or collected and
have paid over to the appropriate governmental entities (or are properly holding
for such payment) all material Taxes required to be collected or withheld.

     (c) For purposes of this  Agreement,  "Tax"  (including,  with  correlative
meaning,  the terms  "Taxes")  includes  all federal,  state,  local and foreign
income, profits, franchise, gross receipts, environmental, customs duty, capital
stock,   communications  services,   severance,   stamp,  sales,   unemployment,
disability,  use,  property,  withholding,   excise,  production,  value  added,
occupancy  and other  taxes,  duties or  assessments  of any nature  whatsoever,
together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such
amounts  and any  interest  in  respect to such  penalties  and  additions,  and
includes any liability for Taxes of another person by contract,  as a transferee
or successor,  under Treas. Reg.  1.1502-6 or analogous state,  local or foreign
law provision or otherwise, and "Tax Return" means any return, report or similar
statement  (including  attached  schedules) required to be filed with respect to
any Tax, including without limitation, any information return, claim for refund,
amended return or declaration of estimated Tax.

     SECTION 4.13.  Employee  Benefit Plans;  ERISA.  (a) Section 4.13(a) of the
Disclosure  Schedule  includes a  complete  list of (i) each  material  employee
benefit  plan,  program or policy  providing  benefits  to any current or former
employee,  officer or director of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries or any
beneficiary or dependent  thereof that is sponsored or maintained by the Company
or any of its  subsidiaries  or to which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries
contributes  or is obligated to contribute  (other than employee  benefit plans,



                                       13
<PAGE>

programs or policies providing  benefits to non-U.S.  employees of the Company),
including  without  limitation  any  employee  welfare  benefit  plan within the
meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA,  any employee  pension benefit plan within the
meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA  (whether or not such plan is subject to ERISA,
and including any "multiemployer  plan" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3)
of  ERISA  (a  "Multiemployer  Plan"))  and  any  bonus,   incentive,   deferred
compensation,  vacation,  stock purchase, stock option,  severance,  employment,
change of control or fringe benefit plan, program or policy  (collectively,  the
"Employee  Benefit  Plans") and (ii) each  employment  and  severance  agreement
pursuant to which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries  has or would have any
obligation  to provide  compensation  and/or  benefits  in an amount or having a
value in excess of  $250,000  per year or  $500,000 in the  aggregate  (each,  a
"Material Employment Agreement").

     (b) With respect to each Employee  Benefit Plan other than a  Multiemployer
Plan (a "Plan"),  the Company has delivered or made  available to Parent a true,
correct and complete copy of: (i) all plan documents and trust agreements;  (ii)
the most recent Annual Report (Form 5500 Series) and accompanying  schedule,  if
any; (iii) the current  summary plan  description,  if any; (iv) the most recent
annual financial  report,  if any; (v) the most recent actuarial report, if any;
and (vi) the most recent  determination letter from the IRS, if any. The Company
has delivered or made  available to Parent a true,  correct and complete copy of
each  Material  Employment  Agreement.  Except as  specifically  provided in the
foregoing  documents,  or in other  documents,  delivered  or made  available to
Parent,  there are no  amendments to any Plan or Material  Employment  Agreement
that  have  been  adopted  or  approved  nor  has  the  Company  or  any  of its
subsidiaries  undertaken to make any such  amendments or to adopt or approve any
new Plan or Material Employment Agreement.

     (c) The IRS has issued a favorable  determination  letter  with  respect to
each Plan that is  intended  to be a  "qualified  plan"  within  the  meaning of
Section  401(a) of the Code (a "Qualified  Plan") and the related trust that has
not been  revoked,  and there are no  circumstances  and no events have occurred
that could  adversely  affect the qualified  status of any Qualified Plan or the
related trust,  which cannot be cured without a Company Material Adverse Effect.
For purposes of this Agreement,  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended.

     (d) Except as would not have a Company  Material  Adverse  Effect:  (i) the
Company and its subsidiaries have complied, and are now in compliance,  with all
provisions  of ERISA,  the Code and all laws and  regulations  applicable to the
Employee  Benefit  Plans and each  Plan has been  administered  in all  material
respects  in  accordance  with  its  terms;  (ii)  none of the  Company  and its
subsidiaries nor any other person,  including any fiduciary,  has engaged in any
"prohibited  transaction" (as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406
of ERISA),  which  could  subject  any of the  Employee  Benefit  Plans or their
related  trusts,  the Company,  any of its  subsidiaries  or any person that the
Company  or any of its  subsidiaries  has an  obligation  to  indemnify,  to any
material tax or penalty imposed under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502 of
ERISA;  (iii) there are no pending or, to the  Company's  knowledge,  threatened
claims  (other than claims for  benefits in the  ordinary  course),  lawsuits or
arbitrations  which have been  asserted or  instituted  against  the Plans,  any
fiduciaries  thereof  with respect to their duties to the Plans


                                       14
<PAGE>


or the assets of any of the trusts under any of the Plans which could reasonably
be expected to result in any liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
to the Pension Benefit  Guaranty  Corporation,  the Department of Treasury,  the
Department of Labor,  any  Multiemployer  Plan, any Plan or any participant in a
Plan.

     (e)  Neither  the  execution  and  delivery  of  this   Agreement  nor  the
consummation of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby will (either alone or in
conjunction  with any other  event)  result in, cause the  accelerated  vesting,
funding or  delivery  of, or  increase  the  amount or value of, any  payment or
benefit  to any  employee,  officer  or  director  of the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries,  or result in any limitation on the right of the Company or any of
its  subsidiaries  to amend,  merge,  terminate or receive a reversion of assets
from any  Employee  Benefit  Plan or related  trust or any  Material  Employment
Agreement or related trust. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no
amount  paid or  payable  (whether  in  cash,  in  property,  or in the  form of
benefits)  by the  Company or any of its  subsidiaries  in  connection  with the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  (either  solely as a result  thereof or as a
result of such  transactions  in  conjunction  with any other  event) will be an
"excess parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code.

     (f) With respect to each Plan that is subject to Title IV or Section 302 of
ERISA or  Section  412 or 4971 of the  Code,  except as would not have a Company
Material  Adverse  Effect:  (i) there  does not exist  any  accumulated  funding
deficiency  within  the  meaning of  Section  412 of the Code or Section  302 of
ERISA,  whether or not waived;  (ii) no  reportable  event within the meaning of
Section  4043(c) of ERISA for which the 30-day notice  requirement  has not been
waived  has  occurred;  (iii)  all  premiums  to the  Pension  Benefit  Guaranty
Corporation  have been timely paid in full;  (iv) no  liability  (other than for
premiums  to the PBGC)  under  Title IV of ERISA has been or is  expected  to be
incurred  by the  Company or any of its  subsidiaries;  and (v) the PBGC has not
instituted  proceedings  to  terminate  any  such  Plan  and,  to the  Company's
knowledge,  no condition  exists that presents a risk that such proceedings will
be instituted or which would constitute  grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for
the  termination  of, or the  appointment of a trustee to  administer,  any such
Plan.

     (g) No Employee  Benefit Plan is a Multiemployer  Plan, none of the Company
and its  subsidiaries  nor any of their  respective ERISA Affiliates has, at any
time during the last six years,  contributed  to or been obligated to contribute
to any Multiemployer  Plan, and none of the Company and its subsidiaries nor any
ERISA Affiliates has incurred any withdrawal  liability to a Multiemployer  Plan
that has not been satisfied in full.

     SECTION 4.14. Collective Bargaining Agreements; Labor Controversies. As of
the date hereof,  none of Seller or its  Subsidiaries  is a party to or bound by
any  collective  bargaining  agreement or other  agreement with a labor union or
labor organization.  There are no controversies  pending or, to the knowledge of
the  Company,  threatened  between  the  Company  or its  subsidiaries  and  any
representatives  (including  unions)  of  any  of  their  employees  that  would
reasonably  be  expected  to have a  Company  Material  Adverse  Effect.  To the
knowledge of the Company, there are no material organizational efforts presently
being made involving any of the


                                       15
<PAGE>


presently unorganized  employees of the Company or its subsidiaries,  except for
such  organizational  efforts  which would not  reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

     SECTION  4.15.   Environmental   Matters.  (a)  (i)  The  Company  and  its
subsidiaries  have conducted their respective  businesses in compliance with all
applicable  Environmental  Laws,  including,  without  limitation,   having  and
complying  with all permits,  licenses and other  approvals  and  authorizations
necessary  for  the  operation  of  their  respective  businesses  as  presently
conducted, (ii) there has been no release or threatened release, and none of the
properties owned or, to the Company's knowledge,  operated by the Company or any
of its subsidiaries contain any Hazardous Substance in violation of or requiring
remediation, corrective  action,  removal,   response  or  cleanup  under  any
Environmental Law as a result  of any  activity  of the  Company  or any of its
subsidiaries in  amounts exceeding   the  levels   permitted  by  applicable
Environmental Laws, (iii) since January 1, 1997, neither the Company nor any of
its  subsidiaries  has  received  any  notices,  demand  letters or requests for
information  from any  Federal,  state,  local or  foreign  governmental  entity
indicating that the Company or any of its  subsidiaries  may be in violation of,
or liable  under,  any  Environmental  Law in  connection  with the ownership or
operation  of their  businesses  or real  property,  (iv)  there  are no  civil,
criminal  or  administrative   actions,   suits,  demands,   claims,   hearings,
investigations or proceedings pending or threatened,  against the Company or any
of its  subsidiaries  relating to any violation,  or alleged  violation,  of any
Environmental Law or claims for remedial action or any injury or damage to human
health,  property,  natural  resources  or the  environment,  (v)  no  Hazardous
Substance  has been  disposed of,  released or  transported  in violation of any
applicable  Environmental Law from any properties owned by the Company or any of
its  subsidiaries  as a result  of any  activity  of the  Company  or any of its
subsidiaries  during the time such properties were owned,  leased or operated by
the  Company  or any of its  subsidiaries  and (vi)  neither  the  Company,  its
subsidiaries nor any of their respective  properties are subject to any material
liabilities  or  expenditures  (fixed  or  contingent)  relating  to  any  suit,
settlement, court order, administrative order, regulatory requirement,  judgment
or claim asserted or arising under any Environmental  Law, except for violations
of the foregoing  clauses (i) through (vi) that would not reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     (b) As used herein,  "Environmental Law" means any federal, state, local or
foreign law, statute,  ordinance,  rule, regulation,  code, common law, license,
permit,  authorization,  approval, consent, order, judgment, decree, injunction,
requirement  or  agreement  with any  governmental  entity  relating  to (x) the
protection,  preservation or restoration of the environment (including,  without
limitation, air, water vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply,
surface  land,  subsurface  land,  plant and  animal  life or any other  natural
resource)  or to human  health or safety,  or (y) the  exposure  to, or the use,
storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling,
labeling,  production, release or disposal of Hazardous Substances, in each case
as amended and as in effect at the date hereof.

     (c) As used herein,  "Hazardous  Substance"  means any substance  presently
listed, defined,  designated or classified as hazardous,  toxic, radioactive, or
dangerous,  or  otherwise  regulated,  under any  Environmental  Law.  Hazardous
Substance  includes  any  substance  to  which  exposure  is  regulated  by  any
government authority or any


                                       16
<PAGE>



Environmental Law including,  without  limitation,  any toxic waste,  pollutant,
contaminant,  hazardous  substance,  toxic substance,  hazardous waste,  special
waste, industrial substance or petroleum or any derivative or byproduct thereof,
radon,  radioactive material,  asbestos,  or asbestos containing material,  urea
formaldehyde foam insulation or polychlorinated biphenyls.

     SECTION 4.16. Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have
through  ownership or licensing or otherwise all  intellectual  property  rights
necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as
it is presently being conducted. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has infringed any intellectual property rights of any third party other than any
infringements  that,  individually or in the aggregate,  would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     SECTION 4.17.  Company  Shareholders'  Approval.  The  affirmative  vote of
shareholders of the Company required for approval and adoption of this Agreement
and the Merger is a majority of all votes  entitled to be cast by the holders of
the  outstanding  shares of Company  Common Stock,  having equal voting  rights,
share for share, voting as one class.

     SECTION  4.18.  Opinion of Financial  Advisor.  As of the date hereof,  the
Company's  financial  advisor,  Wasserstein  Perella & Co.,  Inc.  (the "Company
Financial  Advisor"),  has delivered to the Board of Directors of the Company an
oral opinion, to be confirmed in writing (the "Fairness Opinion"), to the effect
that, as of the date of this Agreement,  the consideration to be received by the
holders of Company  Common  Stock in the Merger is fair to such  holders  from a
financial point of view.  Subject to the prior review and consent by the Company
Financial Advisor,  the Fairness Opinion shall be available for inclusion in its
entirety in the Proxy Statement.

     SECTION  4.19.  Brokers and  Finders.  The Company has not entered into any
contract,  arrangement or understanding with any person or firm which may result
in the  obligation of the Company to pay any investment  banking fees,  finder's
fees,  brokerage or agent  commissions or other like payments in connection with
the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  other than fees payable to the Company
Financial Advisor. The Company has previously disclosed the fee schedule for the
Company Financial Advisor to Parent.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                    COVENANTS

     SECTION 5.01. Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger. Except
as otherwise  contemplated by this Agreement or disclosed in Section 5.01 of the
Company  Disclosure  Schedule,  after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time, without Parent's prior consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld),
the Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to:

          (a) conduct  their  respective  businesses  in the  ordinary and usual
     course of business and consistent with past practice;


                                       17
<PAGE>


          (b) not (i) amend or propose to amend  their  respective  articles  of
     incorporation  or  by-laws or  equivalent  constitutional  documents,  (ii)
     split,  combine or reclassify their outstanding capital stock, (iii) effect
     any merger, corporate restructuring or liquidation of the Company or any of
     its  subsidiaries,  or (iv)  declare,  set  aside  or pay any  dividend  or
     distribution payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise,  except for the
     payment of dividends or distributions to the Company or its subsidiary by a
     subsidiary of the Company and regular quarterly dividends on Company Common
     Stock of not more than $.08 per share declared and paid at times consistent
     with past practice;

          (c) not issue,  sell,  pledge or dispose of, or agree to issue,  sell,
     pledge or dispose of, any additional shares of, or any options, warrants or
     rights of any kind to  acquire  any  shares of their  capital  stock of any
     class or any debt or equity securities convertible into or exchangeable for
     such capital stock,  except that the Company may issue shares upon exercise
     of Options outstanding on the date hereof;

          (d) not (i) incur or become  contingently  liable with  respect to any
     indebtedness  for borrowed  money other than (A) borrowings in the ordinary
     course of business  consistent  with past  practice up to the amount of the
     existing borrowing limit of the Company's existing credit facilities on the
     date  hereof  (which  is $150  million)  and (B)  borrowings  to  refinance
     existing  indebtedness on market terms, (ii) redeem,  purchase,  acquire or
     offer to  purchase  or  acquire  any  shares  of its  capital  stock or any
     options,  warrants  or rights to acquire  any of its  capital  stock or any
     security  convertible into or exchangeable for its capital stock other than
     in  connection  with the exercise of  outstanding  Options  pursuant to the
     terms of the Company  Option Plans,  or to use for the 401(k) Plan, the DRP
     or the ESPP,  (iii) make any  acquisition  of any assets or  businesses  in
     excess of the amounts set forth in Section  5.01 of the Company  Disclosure
     Schedule other than  expenditures for current assets in the ordinary course
     of business and  expenditures  for fixed or capital  assets in the ordinary
     course of business  consistent  with Section  5.01(i) below,  or (iv) sell,
     pledge,  lease,  dispose of or encumber any material  assets or  businesses
     other  than (A) sales of  businesses  or assets  disclosed  in the  Company
     Disclosure  Schedule,  (B)  pledges or  encumbrances  pursuant  to Existing
     Credit Facilities or other permitted borrowings,  (C) sales or dispositions
     of businesses or assets as may be required by applicable  law, or (D) sales
     of idle facilities and related assets;

          (e) use all  reasonable  efforts to preserve  intact their  respective
     business  organizations and goodwill,  keep available the services of their
     respective  present  officers and key employees,  and preserve the goodwill
     and business  relationships  with  customers,  suppliers  and others having
     business relationships with them other than as contemplated by the terms of
     this Agreement;


                                       18
<PAGE>


          (f) not enter into or amend any  employment,  severance,  special  pay
     arrangement  with respect to  termination  of  employment  or other similar
     arrangements or agreements with any directors, officers or key employees or
     with any other  persons,  except (i) as required to comply with  applicable
     law, (ii)  pursuant to  previously  existing  contractual  arrangements  or
     policies or (iii) employment  agreements  entered into with a person who is
     hired by the  Company or one of its  subsidiaries  after the date hereof in
     the ordinary course of business,  provided that such  employment  agreement
     would not qualify as a Material Employment Agreement;

          (g) not  increase  the salary or monetary  compensation  of any person
     except for  increases in the ordinary  course of business  consistent  with
     past  practice  or except as  required  to comply  with  applicable  law or
     pursuant to previously existing contractual arrangements;

          (h) not adopt, enter into or amend to increase benefits or obligations
     of any Plan or  Material  Employment  Agreement,  except (i) as required to
     comply with changes in applicable law, (ii) any of the foregoing  involving
     any such then existing plans, agreements,  trusts, funds or arrangements of
     any company acquired after the date hereof or (iii) as required pursuant to
     existing contractual arrangements;

          (i)  not  make  capital  expenditures,   or  enter  into  any  binding
     commitment  or contract to make such  expenditures  in excess of the amount
     specified for years 2000 and 2001 in Section 5.01 of the Company Disclosure
     Schedules;

          (j) not enter into any contract or  commitment  (i)  providing for the
     provision of products by the Company or any of its subsidiaries  that has a
     term of more than three years and which is reasonably  expected to generate
     more than $25 million in revenues over its term or more than $10 million in
     revenues  per year or (ii)  providing  for the  purchase of services by the
     Company  or any of its  subsidiaries  that has a term of more than one year
     and which is  reasonably  expected  to  involve  payments  of more than $25
     million over its term;

          (k) not make,  change or  revoke  any  material  Tax  election  unless
     required  by law or make  any  agreement  or  settlement  with  any  taxing
     authority  regarding any material amount of Taxes or which would reasonably
     be expected to materially  increase the  obligations  of the Company or the
     Surviving Corporation to pay Taxes in the future;

          (l) (i) prepare or file any Tax Return inconsistent with past practice
     or (ii) on such Tax Return,  take any position,  make any election or adopt
     any method that is  inconsistent  with position  taken,  elections  made or
     methods  used in preparing  and filing  similar Tax Returns in prior years,
     other  than,  in either  case,  as  required  by law and other  than in the
     ordinary course;



                                       19
<PAGE>

          (m) make any  change  in  accounting  policies,  procedures,  methods,
     assumptions or principles  (other than changes required by law or generally
     accepted accounting principles);

          (n) amend or modify in any  material  respect  any  existing  material
     Contract  except  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  and  except  for
     extensions of existing agreements;

          (o) enter into any settlement or similar agreement with respect to any
     Claim to which the  Company or any of its  subsidiaries  is a party,  which
     settlement or  agreement,  involves the payment by the Company of an amount
     in excess of the amount set forth in Section 5.01 of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule; or

          (p) enter into any agreement to do any of the foregoing.

     SECTION 5.02.  Control of the Company's  Operations.  Nothing  contained in
this Agreement shall give to Parent,  directly or indirectly,  rights to control
or direct the Company's  operations  prior to the Effective  Time.  Prior to the
Effective  Time,  the  Company  shall  exercise,  consistent  with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement,  complete  control and supervision of its business
and operations.

     SECTION 5.03. Acquisition Transactions. (a) After the date hereof and prior
to the Effective  Time or earlier  termination  of this  Agreement,  the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to, initiate, solicit or
negotiate or provide  nonpublic or confidential  information to facilitate,  and
the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any officer, director
or employee of the Company,  and any attorney,  accountant,  investment  banker,
financial advisor or other agent retained by it or any of its subsidiaries,  not
to  initiate,   solicit  or  negotiate  or  provide  nonpublic  or  confidential
information  to  facilitate,  any  proposal  or  offer  to  acquire  all  or any
substantial  part of the  business,  properties or capital stock of the Company,
whether by merger,  purchase of assets,  tender offer or otherwise,  whether for
cash,  securities or any other  consideration  or combination  thereof (any such
transactions being referred to herein as an "Acquisition Transaction").

     (b)  Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of paragraph  (a) above or any other
provision of this Agreement, the Company may, in response to an unsolicited bona
fide written offer or proposal with respect to an  Acquisition  Transaction  (an
"Acquisition Proposal") from a corporation,  partnership, person or other entity
or group  (a  "Potential  Acquirer")  which  the  Company's  Board of  Directors
determines,  in good faith and after  consultation with and consideration of the
views of its independent  financial advisor and legal counsel,  could reasonably
likely  lead  to  a  Superior  Proposal,   furnish   confidential  or  nonpublic
information  to, and engage in discussions  and negotiate  with,  such Potential
Acquirer.  For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,   "Superior  Proposal"  means  an
Acquisition Proposal which the Company's Board of Directors  determines,  taking
into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal,
in its good faith judgment and after  consultation with and consideration of the
views of its independent  financial advisor


                                       20
<PAGE>


and legal counsel, is (i) reasonably likely to be consummated and (ii) would, if
consummated, be more favorable to the Company's stockholders than the Merger.

     (c) The Company  shall as  promptly  as  practicable  notify  Parent  after
receipt of any Acquisition Proposal,  or for access to the properties,  books or
records of the Company or any  subsidiary  by any person or entity that  informs
the Board of Directors of the Company or such  subsidiary that it is considering
making,  or has made, an  Acquisition  Proposal.  Such notice to Parent shall be
made orally and in writing and shall indicate in reasonable  detail the identity
of the offeror and the material terms and  conditions of such proposal,  inquiry
or contact to the extent known.

     SECTION  5.04. Access to Information; Confidentiality.

     (a) Except for competitively  sensitive information as to which access, use
and treatment is covered by Section 5.04(b),  and subject to applicable law, the
Company  and its  subsidiaries  shall  afford to Parent and Merger Sub and their
respective  accountants,  counsel,  financial advisors and other representatives
(the "Parent  Representatives")  reasonable  access during normal business hours
upon  reasonable  notice  throughout  the period prior to the Effective  Time to
their  respective  properties,  books,  contracts,  commitments and records and,
during such period,  shall furnish promptly (i) a copy of each report,  schedule
and other document filed or received by any of them pursuant to the requirements
of  federal  or state  securities  laws or filed by any of them  with the SEC in
connection  with the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) such
other information concerning its businesses,  properties and personnel as Parent
or Merger Sub shall  reasonably  request and will use reasonable best efforts to
cause  the   cooperation  of  the  Company's   officers,   employees,   counsel,
accountants,   consultants  and  financial   advisors  in  connection  with  the
investigation of the Company by Parent and the Parent Representatives; provided,
however,  such  investigation  shall  not  unreasonably  disrupt  the  Company's
operations.  All  nonpublic  information  provided to, or obtained by, Parent in
connection  with the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  shall  be  "Evaluation
Material" for purposes of the Confidentiality  Agreement previously entered into
between  Parent and the  Company  (the  "Confidentiality  Agreement"),  and,  as
applicable,   "Common  Interest  Material"  or  "Confidential  Information"  for
purposes of the Joint Defense,  Common  Interest and  Confidentiality  Agreement
among  the  parties  thereto,   previously  entered  into  (the  "Joint  Defense
Agreement"),  the  terms of each of which  shall  continue  in force  until  the
Effective  Time  provided  that Parent,  Merger Sub and the Company may disclose
such  information  as may be  necessary  in  connection  with seeking the Parent
Required Statutory  Approvals,  the Company Required Statutory Approvals and the
Company Shareholder Approval.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  the Company shall
not be required to provide any information  which (in consultation  with outside
counsel)  (i) it  reasonably  believes it may not provide to Parent by reason of
applicable law, rules or regulations,  (ii) constitutes information protected by
attorney/client privilege, or (iii) the Company or any subsidiary is required to
keep confidential by reason of contract,  agreement or understanding  with third
parties.  No  investigation  pursuant to this Section


                                       21
<PAGE>


5.04(a)  shall affect any  representation  or warranty in this  Agreement of any
party hereto or any condition to the obligations of the parties hereto.

     (b) As promptly as possible following the date hereof the parties intend to
establish  an  appropriate  protocol  which  shall  remain  in place  until  the
expiration of the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act pursuant to which
the Company may disclose to a limited  number of  representatives  of the Parent
confidential  information  which is  competitively  sensitive  in nature for the
purpose  of  preparing  filings  required  under  the  HSR  Act,  and  otherwise
consistent with the advice of the parties outside  antitrust  counsel.  Any such
information shall be "Evaluation  Material" for purposes of the  Confidentiality
Agreement.  The Company and Parent may, as each deems  advisable and  necessary,
reasonably designate any competitively  sensitive material provided to the other
under this Section as "outside counsel only." Such materials and the information
contained  therein  shall be given  only to the  outside  legal  counsel  of the
recipient  and will not be  disclosed  by such  outside  counsel  to  employees,
officers or directors of the recipient unless express  permission is obtained in
advance from the source of such materials (the Company or Parent as the case may
be) or its legal counsel.

     (c) The  Company  shall  make  reasonable  best  efforts to  segregate  and
preserve   unchanged  in  a  secure   location  until  the  Effective  Time  all
documentation  contained in the data room to which Parent  Representatives  were
given  access  prior to the date hereof,  and as soon as  practicable  after the
Closing  such  documentation  shall  be  transferred  to the  possession  of the
Company.  Parent  Representatives shall be given access to such documentation in
accordance with Section 5.04(a).

     SECTION 5.05.  Notices of Certain  Events.  (a) The Company shall  promptly
after any of the 16 executive officers of the Company acquire knowledge thereof,
notify Parent of: (i) any notice or other communication from any person alleging
that the  consent of such  person (or  another  person) is or may be required in
connection  with the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement which consent
relates to a material  Contract to which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries
is a party or the failure of which to obtain would materially delay consummation
of the Merger;  (ii) any notice or other  communication from any governmental or
regulatory agency or authority in connection with the transactions  contemplated
by this  Agreement;  and (iii) any actions,  suits,  claims,  investigations  or
proceedings commenced against the Company or any of its subsidiaries that relate
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     (b) Each of Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly after any of the executive
officers of the Parent acquire knowledge thereof, notify the Company of: (i) any
notice or other  communication from any person alleging that the consent of such
person  (or  other  person)  is or  may  be  required  in  connection  with  the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement which consent relates to a material
Contract to which Parent or its subsidiaries are a party or the failure of which
to  obtain  would  materially  delay  the  Merger,  (ii)  any  notice  or  other
communication  from any  governmental  or  regulatory  agency  or  authority  in
connection with the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  and (iii) any
actions,  suits, claims,  investigations or proceedings commenced against Parent
or Merger Sub that relate to  consummation of the  transactions  contemplated by
this Agreement.


                                       22
<PAGE>


     (c) Subject to the provisions of Section 5.03, each of the Company,  Parent
and Merger Sub agrees to give prompt notice to each other of (i) the  occurrence
or failure to occur of any event which  occurrence  or failure to occur would be
likely to cause any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement to be
untrue or  inaccurate  at the  Effective  Time unless such failure or occurrence
would not have a Company  Material  Adverse Effect or a Parent Material  Adverse
Effect,  as the case may be, and (ii) any  failure on its part to comply with or
satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by
it hereunder unless such failure or occurrence would not have a Company Material
Adverse  Effect  or a  Parent  Material  Adverse  Effect,  as the  case  may be;
provided,  however,  that the  delivery of any notice  pursuant to this  Section
5.05(c) shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available  hereunder to
the party receiving such notice.

     SECTION  5.06.  Merger Sub.  Parent will take all action  necessary  (a) to
cause  Merger  Sub to  perform  its  obligations  under  this  Agreement  and to
consummate  the Merger on the terms and  conditions  set forth in this Agreement
and (b) to  ensure  that,  prior to the  Effective  Time,  Merger  Sub shall not
conduct  any  business  or make  any  investments  other  than  as  specifically
contemplated by this Agreement, or incur or guarantee any indebtedness.

     SECTION 5.07.  Employee  Benefits.  (a) From and after the Effective  Time,
Parent and its affiliates  shall assume and honor all Employee Benefit Plans and
Material  Employment  Agreements  in  accordance  with their  terms as in effect
immediately  before the Effective Time,  including the Company's  severance plan
(the "Severance Plan"), subject to any amendment or termination thereof that may
be  permitted by such terms.  For a period of not less than two years  following
the Effective  Time,  Parent shall  provide,  or shall cause to be provided,  to
current employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Company  Employees")
compensation  and  employee  benefits  that  are,  in the  aggregate,  not  less
favorable than those provided to similarly  situated employees of Parent and its
affiliates.  Without  limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing,  the  Lilly
Industries, Inc. Severance Plan, as amended as of June 23, 2000, shall remain in
effect,   without  any  amendments  that  are  adverse  to  eligible   employees
thereunder,  for the benefit of Company  Employees,  for not less than two years
following the Effective  Time.  The foregoing  shall not be construed to prevent
the  termination  of  employment  of any Company  Employee or the  amendment  or
termination of any particular  Employee  Benefit Plan to the extent permitted by
its terms as in effect immediately before the Effective Time.

     (b) For all  purposes  under the employee  benefit  plans of Parent and its
affiliates  providing benefits to any Company Employees after the Effective Time
(the "New Plans"), each Company Employee shall be credited with his or her years
of service with the Company and its affiliates before the Effective Time, to the
same extent as such Company Employee was entitled, before the Effective Time, to
credit for such service under any similar Company Employee Plans,  except to the
extent such credit would result in a duplication of benefits.  In addition,  and
without  limiting the  generality of the  foregoing:  (i) each Company  Employee
shall be immediately  eligible to participate,  without any waiting time, in any
and all New Plans to the extent  coverage under such New Plan replaces  coverage
under  a  comparable  Company  Employee  Plan in  which  such  Company  Employee
participated  immediately  before the Effective Time (such plans,  collectively,
the "Old  Plans");  and (ii) for  purposes of each New Plan  providing  medical,


                                       23
<PAGE>


dental,  pharmaceutical  and/or vision benefits to any Company Employee,  Parent
shall  cause  all  pre-existing   condition   exclusions  and   actively-at-work
requirements  of such New Plan to be  waived  for such  employee  and his or her
covered  dependents,  and Parent shall cause any eligible  expenses  incurred by
such employee and his or her covered  dependents  during the portion of the plan
year of the Old Plan  ending on the date such  employee's  participation  in the
corresponding  New Plan begins to be taken into account  under such New Plan for
purposes of satisfying all  deductible,  coinsurance  and maximum  out-of-pocket
requirements  applicable to such employee and his or her covered  dependents for
the  applicable  plan year as if such amounts had been paid in  accordance  with
such New Plan.

     (c) Without  limited the  generality of the  foregoing,  Parent shall cause
Company  Employees  whose  employment  is  involuntarily  terminated  after  the
Effective  Time  to be  provided  with  outplacement  services  consistent  with
Parent's current practices for its employees.

     (d) For so long after the Effective Time as the Company  maintains the cash
or  deferred  arrangement  under  Section  401(k)  of the Code in which  Company
Employees  participate  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time and  Parent's
401(k) plans have a loan feature, Parent shall cause the plan to retain the loan
feature of such plan.

     SECTION 5.08. Meeting of the Company's Shareholders. The Company shall on a
timely  basis  take all action  necessary  in  accordance  with the IBCL and its
Amended and Restated  Articles of Incorporation and Code of By-Laws to convene a
meeting of the Company's  shareholders  (the  "Company  Meeting") to vote on the
Merger  and on this  Agreement.  The Board of  Directors  of the  Company  shall
recommend  that the  Company's  shareholders  vote to  approve  and  adopt  this
Agreement and the Merger,  and use its  reasonable  best efforts to solicit from
shareholders  of the Company  proxies in favor of the Merger and this  Agreement
and to take all other action in its judgment necessary and appropriate to secure
the vote of  shareholders  required by the IBCL to effect the Merger;  provided,
however,  that the Board of Directors may change or withdraw such recommendation
in any  respect  and not take such  efforts to  solicit  proxies if the Board of
Directors determines in good faith, based on the advice of outside counsel, that
the failure to take such action would likely  result in a violation of the Board
of  Directors'  fiduciary  duties.  Nothing  herein shall  impair the  Company's
ability to take and  disclose a position  contemplated  by Rule 14e-2  under the
Exchange Act or otherwise to comply with applicable securities laws.

     SECTION 5.09. Proxy Statement.  Reasonably promptly after execution of this
Agreement,  the Company shall prepare the Proxy Statement,  file it with the SEC
under the  Exchange  Act,  and use  reasonable  best  efforts  to have the Proxy
Statement cleared by the SEC. Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall cooperate
with each other in the preparation of the Proxy Statement, and the Company shall
notify  Parent of the  receipt of any  comments  of the SEC with  respect to the
Proxy  Statement  and of any requests by the SEC for any amendment or supplement
thereto or for  additional  information  and shall provide to Parent  reasonably
promptly copies of all correspondence  between the Company or any representative
of the  Company and the SEC.  The Company  shall give Parent and its counsel the
opportunity to review the Proxy  Statement prior to its being filed with the SEC
and shall give Parent and its counsel the  opportunity  to review all amendments
and  supplements  to the Proxy  Statement  and all  responses


                                       24
<PAGE>


to requests for  additional  information  and replies to comments prior to their
being filed with,  or sent to, the SEC.  Each of the Company,  Parent and Merger
Sub agrees to use its reasonable best efforts, after consultation with the other
parties hereto,  to respond promptly to all such comments of and requests by the
SEC. As promptly as  practicable  after the Proxy  Statement has been cleared by
the SEC, the Company shall mail the Proxy  Statement to the  shareholders of the
Company.  Prior  to the  date  of  approval  of  the  Merger  by  the  Company's
shareholders,  each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall correct promptly
any  information  provided by it and used in the Proxy Statement that shall have
become false or  misleading  in any material  respect and the Company shall take
all steps necessary to file with the SEC and cleared by the SEC any amendment or
supplement  to the Proxy  Statement  so as to correct  the same and to cause the
Proxy Statement as so corrected to be  disseminated  to the  shareholders of the
Company, in each case to the extent required by applicable law.

     SECTION  5.10.  Public  Announcements.  Parent and the Company will consult
with each other before issuing any press release or making any public  statement
with respect to this  Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby and,
except as may be required by applicable  law or any listing  agreement  with the
NYSE,  will not issue any such press  release or make any such public  statement
prior to such consultation.

     SECTION  5.11.  Expenses and Fees.  (a) All costs and expenses  incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
paid by the party incurring such expenses,  except that those expenses  incurred
in  connection  with  printing  and filing the Proxy  Statement  shall be shared
equally by Parent and the Company.

     (b) If this Agreement shall be terminated:

          (i) by Parent  pursuant  to clause (f) of Section  7.01,  the  Company
     shall pay to Parent the Company  Termination  Fee upon  termination of this
     Agreement;

          (ii) by either  party  pursuant to (g) of Section  7.01 and (A) at any
     time after the date of this  Agreement and prior to the time of the vote of
     the  shareholders  of the Company an Acquisition  Proposal has been made to
     the Company and (B) within 12 months of termination the Company enters into
     a binding written agreement with respect to such Acquisition Proposal,  the
     Company shall pay the Company  Termination  Fee within two business days of
     entry into such binding written agreement; or

          (iii) by the  Company  pursuant  to clause  (e) of Section  7.01,  the
     Company  shall pay the Company  Termination  Fee upon  termination  of this
     Agreement.

     For  purposes of the  foregoing,  "Company  Termination  Fee" shall mean an
amount equal to $25 million in cash.

     SECTION  5.12.  Agreement  to  Cooperate.  (a)  Subject  to the  terms  and
conditions of this Agreement  Parent shall use reasonable  best efforts to take,
or cause to be

                                       25
<PAGE>


taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things  necessary,  proper
or advisable  under  applicable  laws and  regulations  to  consummate  and make
effective the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  including to obtain
all  necessary or  appropriate  waivers,  consents or approvals of third parties
required in order to preserve material  contractual  relationships of Parent and
the Company and their  respective  subsidiaries,  all  necessary or  appropriate
waivers,  consents and approvals to effect all necessary registrations,  filings
and  submissions  and to lift any  injunction  or other  legal bar to the Merger
(and,  in such case, to proceed with the Merger as  expeditiously  as possible),
including  through all  possible  appeals.  The  Company  shall  cooperate  with
Parent's efforts pursuant to the foregoing sentence. In addition, subject to the
terms and conditions  herein provided and subject to the fiduciary duties of the
respective  boards of directors  of the Company and Parent,  none of the parties
hereto  shall  knowingly  take or cause  to be  taken  any  action  which  would
reasonably  be  expected  to  materially  delay or prevent  consummation  of the
Merger.

     (b) In addition to and without limitation of the foregoing,  each of Parent
and the Company undertakes and agrees to file as soon as practicable, and in any
event prior to 3 business days after the date hereof,  a Notification and Report
Form under the HSR Act with the United States  Federal Trade  Commission and the
Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice (and shall file as
soon as practicable any form or report required by any other Governmental Agency
relate to antitrust  matters).  Each of Parent and the Company shall (i) respond
as promptly as  practicable  to any  inquiries  or  requests  received  from any
domestic or foreign  government or  governmental  agency or authority  (each,  a
"Governmental  Agency") for additional  information or  documentation,  (ii) (A)
promptly notify the other party of any written  communication to that party from
any  Governmental  Agency and, subject to applicable law, permit the other party
to review in advance any proposed written communication to any of the foregoing,
(B) to the extent  practicable,  permit the other party to review and discuss in
advance and consider in good faith the views of one another in connection  with,
any proposed written (or any material oral)  communication with any Governmental
Entity;  (C) not agree to participate in any  substantive  meeting or discussion
with any Governmental Agency in respect of any filings, investigation or inquiry
concerning  this Agreement or the Merger unless it consults with the other party
in advance and, to the extent permitted by such Governmental  Agency,  gives the
other party the opportunity to attend and participate  thereat,  and (D) furnish
the other party with copies of all  correspondence,  filings and  communications
(and memoranda,  if any,  setting forth the substance  thereof) between them and
their affiliates and their respective  representatives  on the one hand, and any
government or regulatory  authority or members or their respective staffs on the
other hand, with respect to this Agreement and the Merger,  and (iii) not extend
any  waiting  period  under  the HSR Act or enter  into any  agreement  with any
Governmental  Agency not to consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement,  except with the prior  consent of the other  parties  hereto  (which
shall not be  unreasonably  withheld).  Parent  shall offer to take (and if such
offer is  accepted,  commit to take) all steps  that it is  capable of taking to
avoid or  eliminate  impediments  under  any  antitrust,  competition,  or trade
regulation law that may be asserted by any  Governmental  Agency with respect to
the Merger so as to enable the  Effective  Time to occur  prior to June 30, 2001
(the "Outside Date") and shall defend through litigation on the merits any claim
asserted  in any court by any  party,  including  appeals.  In  addition  to and
without limiting the foregoing, Parent shall propose, negotiate,



                                       26
<PAGE>

offer to  commit  and  effect  (and if such  offer is  accepted,  commit  to and
effect),  by consent  decree,  hold  separate  order,  or  otherwise,  the sale,
divestiture or disposition of such assets or businesses of Parent or,  effective
as of the  Effective  Time,  the  Surviving  Corporation,  or  their  respective
subsidiaries  or  otherwise  offer to take or offer to commit to take any action
which it is capable of taking  and if the offer is  accepted,  take or commit to
take such  action  that  limits its  freedom of action  with  respect to, or its
ability to retain,  any of the  businesses,  services  or assets of Parent,  the
Surviving  Corporation or their respective  subsidiaries,  in order to avoid the
filing of any suit or proceeding  or the entry of, or to effect the  dissolution
of, any injunction,  temporary  restraining  order or other order in any suit or
proceeding,  which would otherwise have the effect of preventing or delaying the
Effective  Time beyond the Outside  Date, or which may be necessary to allow the
Effective Time to occur prior to the Outside Date. At the request of Parent, the
Company shall agree to divest, hold separate or otherwise take or commit to take
any action that limits its freedom of action with  respect to, or its ability to
retain, any of the businesses,  services, or assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries,  provided  that  any  such  action  may be  conditioned  upon  the
consummation   of  the  Merger  and  the   transactions   contemplated   hereby.
Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary in this Section 5.12, Parent shall not
be  required  to take any  actions  in  connection  with,  or agree to, any hold
separate  order,  sale,  divestiture,  or  disposition  of  plants,  assets  and
businesses of Parent and its  Subsidiaries  or the Company and its  Subsidiaries
that accounted in the aggregate for more than  $60,000,000 of the combined sales
of Parent and the  Company in fiscal  year 1999.  The Company and Parent may, as
each deems  advisable and  necessary,  reasonably  designate  any  competitively
sensitive  material provided to the other under this Section as "outside counsel
only." Such materials and the information  contained therein shall be given only
to the outside legal counsel of the  recipient  and, in the case of Parent,  its
General  Counsel  (provided  that the  General  Counsel of Parent  enter into an
agreement  with  the  Company  covenanting  that he will not  disclose  any such
competitively  sensitive material to employees,  officers or directors of Parent
or its  subsidiaries  unless express  permission is obtained in advance from the
Company)  and  will not be  disclosed  by such  outside  counsel  to  employees,
officers, or directors of the recipient unless express permission is obtained in
advance from the source of the materials (the Company or Parent, as the case may
be) or its legal counsel.

     SECTION   5.13.   Directors'   and  Officers'   Indemnification.   (a)  The
indemnification provisions of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
or Code of By-Laws of the Company as in effect at the  Effective  Time shall not
be amended,  repealed or  otherwise  modified for a period of six years from the
Effective Time in any manner that would adversely  affect the rights  thereunder
of individuals who at the Effective Time were directors,  officers, employees or
agents of the Company relating to service prior to Effective Time.  Parent shall
assume,  be jointly and  severally  liable for,  and honor,  guaranty  and stand
surety for, and shall cause the Surviving  Corporation  to honor,  in accordance
with their respective terms each of the covenants contained in this Section 5.13
without limit as to time.

     (b) After the  Effective  Time for a period of six years from the Effective
Time, each of Parent and the Surviving  Corporation shall, to the fullest extent
permitted under  applicable law,  indemnify and hold harmless,  each present and
former  director,  officer,  employee  and  agent of the  Company  or any of its
subsidiaries   (each,   together   with


                                       27
<PAGE>



such person's heirs,  executors or  administrators,  an "Indemnified  Party" and
collectively,   the  "Indemnified   Parties")  against  any  costs  or  expenses
(including  attorneys'  fees),   judgments,   fines,  losses,  claims,  damages,
liabilities  and amounts paid in  settlement  in  connection  with any actual or
threatened claim,  action,  suit,  proceeding or  investigation,  whether civil,
criminal,  administrative  or  investigative,  arising out of, relating to or in
connection  with any action or omission  occurring  or alleged to occur prior to
the  Effective  Time  (including,  without  limitation,  acts  or  omissions  in
connection with such persons serving as an officer,  director or other fiduciary
in any  entity if such  service  was at the  request  or for the  benefit of the
Company) or the Merger or the other transactions  contemplated by this Agreement
or  arising  out of or  pertaining  to the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement to the extent that any such  Indemnified  Party is  indemnified by the
Company  pursuant to the Amended and Restated  Articles of Incorporation or Code
of By-Laws of the Company, any other  indemnification  arrangement,  the IBCL or
otherwise existing immediately prior to the Effective Time.

     (c) For a period of six years after the Effective Time,  Parent shall cause
to be  maintained  in effect the current  policies of  directors'  and officers'
liability  insurance  maintained by the Company and its  subsidiaries  (provided
that Parent may substitute  therefor  policies of at least the same coverage and
amounts  containing  terms and conditions  that are no less  advantageous to the
Indemnified  Parties,  and which coverages and amounts shall be no less than the
coverages and amounts provided at that time for Parent's directors and officers)
with  respect to matters  arising on or before  the  Effective  Time;  provided,
however,  that  Parent  shall not be required to expend in any year an amount in
excess of 250% of the annual  aggregate  premiums  currently paid by the Company
for such insurance;  and provided,  further, that if the annual premiums of such
insurance  coverage  exceed such  amount,  Parent shall be obligated to obtain a
policy reasonably  determined by Parent to have the greatest coverage  available
for a cost not exceeding such amount.

     (d)  Parent  shall  pay  all  reasonable  expenses,   including  reasonable
attorneys' fees, that may be incurred by any Indemnified  Party in enforcing the
indemnity and other obligations provided in this Section 5.13.

     (e) The rights of each Indemnified Party hereunder shall be in addition to,
and not in limitation of, any other rights such Indemnified Party may have under
the Amended and  Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  or Code of By-Laws of the
Company,  any other  indemnification  arrangement,  the IBCL or  otherwise.  The
provisions of this Section 5.13 shall survive the consummation of the Merger and
expressly are intended to benefit each of the Indemnified Parties.

     SECTION 5.14.  State  Takeover  Laws. The Board of Directors of the Company
shall, upon the request of Parent, adopt such resolutions as may be necessary to
render any applicable state  anti-takeover law inapplicable to the Merger,  this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

     SECTION 5.15.  Employee  Stock Purchase Plan. The Company shall ensure that
no purchases May be made under the ESPP after the
Effective Time.



                                       28
<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE VI

                            CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

     SECTION 6.01.  Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party. The obligations
of the Company,  Parent and Merger Sub to  consummate  the Merger are subject to
the satisfaction of the following conditions:

          (a) this  Agreement  and the  Merger  shall  have been  adopted by the
     requisite vote of the  shareholders  of the Company in accordance with IBCL
     (the "Company Shareholder Approval");

          (b) (i) the  Company  Statutory  Approvals  and the  Parent  Statutory
     Approvals  shall have been obtained and (ii) no provision of any applicable
     domestic (whether federal, state or local) or foreign law or regulation and
     no judgment,  injunction, order or decree of a court or governmental agency
     or  authority of  competent  jurisdiction  shall be in effect which has the
     effect of making the Merger illegal or shall otherwise restrain or prohibit
     the  consummation  of the Merger (each party agreeing to use its reasonable
     best efforts,  including  appeals to higher  courts,  to have any judgment,
     injunction,  order or decree lifted), except in the case of (i) or (ii) for
     any  approval the failure of which to obtain or any law or  regulation  the
     violation of which would not,  singly or in the  aggregate,  reasonably  be
     expected to (i) have a Parent Material  Adverse Effect (after giving effect
     to the  Merger)  or (ii)  result  in a  criminal  violation  (other  than a
     misdemeanor the only penalty for which is a monetary fine); and

          (c) the waiting period  applicable to consummation of the Merger under
     the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.

     SECTION 6.02. Conditions to Obligation of the Company to Effect the Merger.
Unless waived by the Company, the obligation of the Company to effect the Merger
shall be subject to the  fulfillment  at or prior to the  Effective  Time of the
following additional condition:

          (a)  Parent  and Merger  Sub shall  have  performed  their  agreements
     contained  in this  Agreement  required to be  performed on or prior to the
     Effective Time and the  representations and warranties of Parent and Merger
     Sub contained in this Agreement  shall be true and correct on and as of the
     Effective Time as if made at and as of such date (except to the extent that
     such  representations  and  warranties  speak as of an earlier date,  which
     shall  be true  and  correct  as of such  earlier  date),  except  for such
     failures to perform or to be true and correct (without giving effect to any
     qualification  in such  representations  and warranties  relating to Parent
     Material Adverse Effect or knowledge or, except for any  representation and
     warranty that calls for a list,  materiality)  that would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Parent Material  Adverse  Effect,  and the Company shall
     have received a certificate of the Chief Executive  Officer,  the President
     or a Vice  President  of Parent  and of the Chief


                                       29
<PAGE>


     Executive Officer,  the President or a Vice President of Merger Sub to that
     effect.

     SECTION 6.03.  Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Subsidiary to Effect
the Merger.  Unless waived by Parent and Merger Sub, the  obligations  of Parent
and Merger Sub to effect the Merger  shall be subject to the  fulfillment  at or
prior to the Effective Time of the additional following conditions:

          (a) the Company shall have performed its agreements  contained in this
     Agreement  required to be performed on or prior to the  Effective  Time and
     the  representations  and  warranties  of the  Company  contained  in  this
     Agreement  shall be true and correct on and as of the Effective  Time as if
     made at and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations
     and warranties speak as of an earlier date, which shall be true and correct
     as of such  earlier  date),  except for such  failures to perform and to be
     true and  correct  (without  giving  effect  to any  qualification  in such
     representations  and warranties relating to Company Material Adverse Effect
     or knowledge or, except for any  representation and warranty that calls for
     a list,  materiality)  that  would not  reasonably  be  expected  to have a
     Company  Material  Adverse  Effect,   and  Parent  shall  have  received  a
     Certificate  of  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  the  President  or a Vice
     President of the Company to that effect; and

          (b) all Company Third Party Approvals shall have been obtained, except
     for  approvals  the failure of which to obtain would not,  singly or in the
     aggregate,  reasonably  be  expected  to have a  Company  Material  Adverse
     Effect.

          (c) since the date hereof,  there shall not have  occurred any Company
     Material  Adverse  Effect  except for the matters  disclosed on the Company
     Disclosure Schedule.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                   TERMINATION

     SECTION 7.01. Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective  Time  (notwithstanding  any
approval of this Agreement by the shareholders of the Company):

          (a) by mutual written consent of the Company and Parent;

          (b) by either  the  Company  or  Parent,  if the  Merger  has not been
     consummated  by June 30, 2001;  provided  that the right to terminate  this
     Agreement  under this clause (b) shall not be  available to any party whose
     failure to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement has been the
     cause of or resulted in the failure to consummate the Merger by such date;


                                       30
<PAGE>


          (c) by either the Company or Parent if any judgment, injunction, order
     or  decree of a court or  governmental  agency or  authority  of  competent
     jurisdiction shall restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger, and
     such  judgment,   injunction,  order  or  decree  shall  become  final  and
     nonappealable and was not entered at the request of the terminating party;

          (d) by  either  the  Company  or  Parent,  if (x)  there  has  been an
     uncurable  breach  by the other  party of any  representation  or  warranty
     contained in this  Agreement  which would  reasonably be expected to have a
     Company Material Adverse Effect or a Parent Material Adverse Effect, as the
     case may be,  or (y)  there  has  been an  uncurable  breach  of any of the
     covenants  or  agreements  set forth in this  Agreement  on the part of the
     other party,  which would  reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material
     Adverse Effect or a Company Material Adverse Effect, as the case may be;

          (e) by the Company,  if any person shall have made a bona fide written
     offer for an Acquisition  Transaction  provided that the Board of Directors
     determines  in good  faith  (I)  that  such  Acquisition  Transaction  is a
     Superior  Proposal and (II) that, based upon the advice of outside counsel,
     failure to take such action would likely violate its fiduciary duties under
     applicable  law;  provided,  however,  that (i) not less than four business
     days prior to such  termination  the  Company  shall  notify  Parent of its
     intention to terminate this Agreement  pursuant to this Section 7.01(e) and
     (ii)  to the  extent  reasonably  requested  by  Parent,  shall  cause  its
     respective   financial  and  legal   advisors  to  negotiate   during  such
     four-business-day  period with Parent  concerning  adjustments in the terms
     and  conditions  of this  Agreement  as would enable the Company to proceed
     with the transactions  contemplated  herein on adjusted terms, and (iii) if
     Parent makes a bona fide written offer of any such adjustments prior to the
     expiration of such four-business-day  period, the Board of Directors of the
     Company concludes in good faith that the transactions  contemplated  herein
     on such adjusted  terms are not more favorable to the  shareholders  of the
     Company than such offer; provided, further, that any termination under this
     Section  7.01(e) shall not be effective  until the Company has made payment
     of any fee required by Section 5.11(b).

          (f) by the Parent, if the Board of Directors of the Company shall have
     failed  to  recommend,  or shall  have  withdrawn,  adversely  modified  or
     adversely  amended in any material  respects its approval or recommendation
     of the Merger and this Agreement to the Company's shareholders; or

          (g) by Parent or the Company if the  shareholders  of the Company fail
     to approve the Merger  after a vote is taken at a duly held  meeting of the
     Company's  shareholders  called  for such  purpose  or any  adjournment  or
     postponement thereof.


                                       31
<PAGE>


                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     SECTION 8.01.  Effect of  Termination.  In the event of termination of this
Agreement by either Parent or the Company  pursuant to the provisions of Section
7.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability
or further  obligation on the part of the Company,  Parent,  Merger Sub or their
respective  officers or directors  (except as set forth in this section,  in the
second  sentence  Section 5.04 and in Sections 5.11 and 8.05, all of which shall
survive the  termination).  Nothing in this Section 8.01 shall relieve any party
from  liability for any willful or material  breach of any covenant or agreement
of such party  contained in this  Agreement,  except that the payment of any fee
pursuant to Section 5.11(b) shall be liquidated  damages and shall discharge any
liability of the payer thereof relating to this Agreement.

     SECTION  8.02.   Non-Survival  of   Representations   and  Warranties.   No
representations  or warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument  delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Merger.

     SECTION 8.03. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall
be in  writing  and shall be deemed  given if  delivered  personally,  mailed by
registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or sent via facsimile to
the parties at the following  addresses (or at such other address for a party as
shall be specified by like notice):

          (a) If to Parent or Merger Sub, to:

              The Valspar Corporation
              1101 South Third Street
              Minneapolis, Minnesota 55415
              Attention: General Counsel
              Facsimile: (612) 375-7313

          (b) With copies to:

              Dorsey & Whitney LLP
              220 South Sixth Street
              Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402
              Attention:  Jay L. Swanson, Esq.
              Facsimile: (612) 340-8738

          (c) If to the Company, to:

              Lilly Industries, Inc.
              200 West 103rd Street
              Indianapolis, Indiana
              Attention: Chief Financial Officer
              Facsimile: (312) 814-8710



                                       32
<PAGE>


          (d) with a copy to:

              Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz
              51 West 52nd Street
              New York, New York  10019-6150
              Attention: Steven A. Cohen, Esq.
              Facsimile: (212) 403-2000

     SECTION 8.04. Interpretation.  (a) The headings contained in this Agreement
are for  reference  purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless a contrary intention
appears,  (i) the words  "herein,"  "hereof" and  "hereunder" and other words of
similar  import  refer to this  Agreement  as a whole and not to any  particular
Article,  Section or other  subdivision,  (ii)  "knowledge"  shall  mean  actual
knowledge  of the top five  executive  officers of the Company or the  executive
officers of Parent,  as the case may be, or the  knowledge  of a prudent  person
acting in such capacity,  (iii) "subsidiary"  means, with respect to any person,
any  corporation  which such person has,  directly or  indirectly,  the power to
direct  or  cause  the  direction  of  the   management  and  policies  of  such
corporation,  whether  through  ownership of voting  securities,  by contract or
otherwise,  (iv)  "affiliate"  has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 of the SEC,
(v) "person" means any individual,  corporation, general or limited partnership,
limited liability company,  governmental  entity,  joint venture,  state, trust,
association,  organization  or  other  entity  of any kind or  nature,  and (vi)
reference  to any Article or Section  means such Article or Section  hereof.  No
provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed  against any party
hereto  solely  because  such  party or its legal  representative  drafted  such
provision.  Whenever the words "include,"  "includes" or "including" are used in
this  Agreement,  they  shall be deemed  to be  followed  by the words  "without
limitation."

     (b) "Company  Material  Adverse Effect" means any effect that is materially
adverse to the business, properties,  operations, assets, financial condition or
results of  operations  of the  Company and its  subsidiaries  taken as a whole,
other than any  effect  relating  to (1) the  economy  or  financial  markets in
general or the industries in which the Company  operates in general,  or (2) the
announcement or pendency of the Merger. For purposes of determining  whether any
fact or  circumstance  involves  a  material  adverse  effect on the  results of
operations  of a party,  any  special  transaction  charges,  costs or  expenses
incurred  by  such  party  as a  result  of  the  consummation  of  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall not be considered.

     SECTION 8.05.  Miscellaneous.  This Agreement  (including the documents and
instruments  referred to herein)  shall not be assigned by  operation  of law or
otherwise except that Merger Sub may assign its obligations under this Agreement
to any other  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of Parent  subject  to the terms of this
Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY,
INTERPRETATION  AND EFFECT,  BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF INDIANA  APPLICABLE  TO
CONTRACTS  EXECUTED AND TO BE PERFORMED  WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT GIVING
EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.



                                       33
<PAGE>



     SECTION 8.06.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

     SECTION 8.07. Amendments;  Extensions. (a) This Agreement may be amended by
the parties hereto,  by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards of
Directors,  at any time before or after  approval of the  matters  presented  in
connection with the Merger by the  stockholders  of the Company,  but, after any
such approval, no amendment shall be made which by law or in accordance with the
rules  of  any  relevant  stock  exchange  requires  further  approval  by  such
stockholders  without such further  approval.  This Agreement may not be amended
except by an  instrument  in  writing  signed  on behalf of each of the  parties
hereto.

     (b) At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto,  by action
taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors,  may, to the extent
legally  allowed,  (i)  extend  the  time  for  the  performance  of  any of the
obligations  or  other  acts  of  the  other  parties  hereto,  (ii)  waive  any
inaccuracies in the  representations  and warranties  contained herein or in any
document  delivered  pursuant hereto and (iii) waive  compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions  contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party
hereto to any such  extension  or waiver  shall be valid  only if set forth in a
written  instrument  signed on behalf of such party. The failure or delay of any
party to this  Agreement  to assert any of its rights  under this  Agreement  or
otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those rights.

     SECTION  8.08.  Entire  Agreement.   This  Agreement,  the  Confidentiality
Agreement  and the Joint  Defense  Agreement  constitute  the  entire  agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject  matter hereof and supersede all
prior  agreements,  understandings  and  negotiations,  both  written  and oral,
between the parties with  respect to the subject  matter of this  Agreement.  No
representation,  inducement, promise,  understanding,  condition or warranty not
set forth  herein has been made or relied upon by either party  hereto.  Neither
this  Agreement nor any  provision  hereof is intended to confer upon any person
other than the parties  hereto any rights or remedies  hereunder  except for the
provisions of Section  5.13,  which is intended for the benefit of the Company's
former and present officers, directors, employees and agents, and the provisions
of  Articles I and II,  which are  intended  for the  benefit  of the  Company's
shareholders,  including holders of Options, in the event of consummation of the
Merger.

     SECTION  8.09.  Severability.  If any  term  or  other  provision  of  this
Agreement is invalid,  illegal or  unenforceable,  all other  provisions of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions  contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner
materially adverse to any party.

     SECTION  8.10.  Specific   Performance.   The  parties  hereto  agree  that
irreparable  damage  would  occur in the  event  any of the  provisions  of this
Agreement were not to be performed in accordance  with the terms hereof and that
the parties  shall be entitled to specific  performance  of the terms  hereof in
addition to any other remedies at law or in equity.



                                       34
<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
duly  executed by their  respective  authorized  officers as of the day and year
first above written.

                                  LILLY INDUSTRIES, INC.


                                  By:    /s/  Douglas W. Huemme
                                  Name:  Douglas W. Huemme
                                  Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

                                  THE VALSPAR CORPORATION


                                  By: /s/ Rolf Engh
                                  Name:  Rolf Engh
                                  Title: Senior Vice President

                                  VAL ACQUISITION CORP.


                                  By: /s/ Rolf Engh
                                  Name:  Rolf Engh
                                  Title: Senior Vice President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
