 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER      
EXECUTION COPY          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND
AMONG   GROVE INVESTORS, INC.,   THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.   AND  
GIRAFFE ACQUISITION, INC.       MARCH 18,
2002               TABLE OF CONTENTS 
-----------------  ARTICLE I THE MERGER; EFFECTIVE TIME;
CLOSING...........................1  1.1 The
Merger...........................................1  1.2 Effective
Time.......................................2  1.3
Closing..............................................2  ARTICLE II
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS  OF THE SURVIVING
CORPORATION................................. 2  2.1 Certificate of
Incorporation....................... 2  2.2 By-
laws............................................. 2  ARTICLE IIIDIRECTORS
AND OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION.......... 3  3.1
Directors.......................................... 3  3.2
Officers........................................... 3  ARTICLE IV MERGER
CONSIDERATION; CONVERSION OF SHARES.................. 3  4.1 Merger
Consideration............................... 3  4.2 Exchange of
Certificates........................... 5  4.3 Options and Restricted
Stock....................... 8  4.4 Stock Transfer
Books............................... 9  ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIESOF THE COMPANY................ 9  5.1
Organization....................................... 10  5.2 Authorization;
Validity of Agreement............. 10  5.3
Capitalization..................................... 11  5.4 Consents and
Approvals; No Violations ............ 11  5.5 Financial
Statements............................... 12  5.6 No Undisclosed Liabilities;
Borrowed Money  Indebtedness. .................................. 13  5.7
Absence of Certain Changes......................... 13  5.8 Employee Benefit
Plans; ERISA...................... 15  5.9
Litigation......................................... 16  5.10 No
Default;Compliance with Applicable Laws.........16  5.11
Taxes......................................... 17  5.12 Personal
Property............................. 18  5.13 Intellectual
Property......................... 18  5.14 Environmental Laws and
Regulations............ 19  5.15 Contracts
.................................... 21  5.16 Real
Property................................. 22  5.17 Labor
Matters................................. 23  5.18 Required Vote of Company
Stockholders......... 23  5.19 Registration Statement; Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus........................ 23  5.20
Reorganization................................ 24  5.21
Insurance..................................... 24  5.22 Product
Matters............................... 24  5.23 Brokers or
Finders............................ 24  ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF ACQUIROR AND MERGER SUB 25  6.1
Organization....................................... 25  6.2 Authorization;
Validity of Agreement............... 26  6.3
Capitalization..................................... 26  6.4 Consents and
Approvals; No Violations...............27  6.5
Reports.............................................28  6.6 No Undisclosed
Liabilities......................... 28  6.7 Absence of Certain
Changes......................... 29  6.8
Litigation......................................... 30  6.9 No Default;
Compliance with Applicable Laws........ 30  6.10 Environmental Laws and
Regulations.................30  6.11
Contracts......................................... 31  6.12 Registration
Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.31  6.13 Merger Sub\'s
Operations............................32  6.14
Reorganization.....................................32  6.15 Required Vote of
Acquiror..........................32  6.16
Financing..........................................32  6.17 Brokers or
Finders................................ 32  ARTICLE VIICOVENANTS RELATING TO
THE CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF THE 
COMPANY.................................................... 32  7.1 Interim
Operations of the Company.................. 32     ARTICLE VIII COVENANTS
RELATING TO CONDUCT OFBUSINESS OF ACQUIROR.....35  8.1 Interim Operations of
Acquiror.................. 35  ARTICLE IX ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS
..................................... 36  9.1 Access and Information;
Confidentiality. ........ 36  9.2 Meeting of Stockholders.
........................ 37  9.3 Registration Statement; Proxy
Statement.............38  9.4 Appropriate Action; Consents;
Filings...............39  9.5 Public
Announcements............................... 40  9.6 Stock Exchange
Listing............................. 41  9.7 Employee Benefit
Plans............................. 41  9.8 Indemnification of Directors and
Officers;  Directors and Officers Insurance................... 42  9.9 Event
Notices...................................... 44  9.10 Conveyance
Taxes.............................. 44  9.11 No
Solicitation................................44  9.12 Affiliates.
................................ 47  9.13 No Implied Representations or
Warranties;  Investigation. ......................... 47  9.14 Tax-Free
Merger............................ 48  9.15 Lenders Consent
............................ 48   ARTICLE X CLOSING CONDITIONS
........................... 48  10.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party
Under  This Agreement. ........................... 48  10.2 Additional
Conditions to Obligations of the  Acquiror Companies........................
49  10.3 Additional Conditions to Obligations of the 
Company................................... 50   ARTICLE XI TERMINATION,
AMENDMENT AND EXPENSES............51  11.1
Termination................................. 51  11.2 Effect of Termination.
...................... 53  11.3 Amendment. ................................
53  11.4 Waiver. ..................................... 53  11.5 Fees and
Expenses............................ 53    ARTICLE XIIGENERAL
PROVISIONS.......................................... 56  12.1 Interpretation.
........................... 56  12.2 Termination of Representations and 
Warranties. .............................. 57  12.3 Notices.
................................ 57  12.4 Headings.
................................ 58  12.5 Severability.
........................... 58  12.6 Entire Agreement.
........................... 59  12.7 Assignment.
................................ 59  12.8 Parties in
Interest........................... 59  12.9 Failure or Indulgence Not
Waiver; Remedies  Cumulative ............................. 59  12.10
Governing Law ................................ 59  12.11 Counterparts
................................ 59    Exhibit A Form of Affiliate
Letter Exhibit B Form of Registration Rights Agreement          
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
"Agreement"), dated as of March 18, 2002, by and among Grove Investors, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), The Manitowoc Company, Inc., a
Wisconsin corporation ("Acquiror"), and Giraffe Acquisition, Inc., a
Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquiror
("Merger Sub").   WHEREAS, the boards of directors of the Company,
Acquiror and Merger Sub each have determined that it is advisable and in
the best interests of their respective companies and stockholders to
enter into a business combination by means of the merger of Merger Sub
with and into the Company (the "Merger") upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, for federal income tax
purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"); and   WHEREAS, the parties desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to
be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:    ARTICLE I   THE MERGER;
EFFECTIVE TIME; CLOSING{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE I  THE MERGER; EFFECTIVE TIME;
CLOSING}   I.1 The Merger. {tc \\\l2 " I.1 The Merger. }Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), at the
Effective Time (as defined herein), Merger Sub and the Company shall
consummate the Merger in which (a) Merger Sub shall be merged with and into
the Company and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall
thereupon cease, (b) the Company shall be the successor or surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") in the Merger and shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Delaware and (c) the separate corporate existence
of the Company with all its rights, privileges, immunities, powers
and franchises shall continue unaffected by the Merger, and the
Surviving          Corporation shall succeed to and assume all of
the rights and obligations of Merger Sub. The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in the DGCL.   I.2 Effective Time. {tc \\\l2 " I.2 Effective
Time. }Merger Sub and the Company shall cause a certificate of merger
(the "Certificate of Merger") to be filed on the Closing Date (as
defined herein) (or on such other date as the Company and Acquiror may
agree in writing) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
as provided in the DGCL, and shall make all other filings or
recordings required by the DGCL in connection with the Merger. The Merger
shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is
duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or
such later time as is specified in the Certificate of Merger (such
time being, the "Effective Time").   I.3 Closing. {tc \\\l2 " I.3 Closing.
}The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place (a) at the
offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom (Illinois), 333 West
Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois at 10:00 a.m., local time, on the
second business day following the date on which the last of the
conditions set forth in Article X hereof shall be fulfilled or waived
in accordance with this Agreement (other than conditions that can only
be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction of
such conditions at the Closing) or (b) at such other place, time and date as
the Company and Acquiror may agree in writing (the date of the Closing being,
the "Closing Date").    ARTICLE II   CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-
LAWS  OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE II  CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION}   II.1 Certificate
of Incorporation. {tc \\\l2 " II.1  Certificate of Incorporation. }The
certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation") until further amended in
accordance with its terms and as provided by applicable Law (as defined
herein), except that, as of the Effective Time, Article 1 of such
Certificate of Incorporation shall be amended to read as follows: "The name
of the Corporation is Grove Investors, Inc.".   II.2 By-laws. {tc \\\l2 "
II.2 By-laws. }The by-laws of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be          the by-laws of the Surviving
Corporation (the "By-laws") until amended in accordance with their terms and
as provided by applicable Law, except that, as of the Effective Time, such
By-laws shall be amended as necessary to reflect that the name of the
Corporation is "Grove Investors, Inc.".    ARTICLE III   DIRECTORS AND
OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION{tc \\\l1 "  ARTICLE III DIRECTORS AND
OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION}   III.1 Directors. {tc \\\l2 " III.1
Directors. }The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to
hold office until their respective successors have been duly elected or
appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal
in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws.   III.2
Officers. {tc \\\l2 " III.2 Officers. }The officers of Merger Sub immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving
Corporation, each to hold office until their respective successors have been
duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death,
resignation or removal in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation
and By-laws.    ARTICLE IV   MERGER CONSIDERATION;  CONVERSION OF
SHARES{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE IV  MERGER CONSIDERATION; CONVERSION OF SHARES}  
IV.1 Merger Consideration. {tc \\\l2 " IV.1 Merger Consideration. }At the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
the Company, Acquiror or Merger Sub or the holders of any outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company or Merger Sub:   (a) Conversion of Common
Stock. Subject to the provisions of this Article IV, each share of common
stock of the Company, par value $1.00 per share (the "Company Common
Stock"), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (excluding shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled pursuant
to Section 4.1(c) and any Dissenting Shares (as defined below)) shall
be converted into the right to receive, from Acquiror a number of
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, subject to Section
180.0622(2)(b) of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law (such section,
including judicial interpretations thereof, being referred to herein as
"Section 180.0622(2)(b) of the WBCL"), shares (carried out to four decimal
places and rounded up if the fifth decimal place is 5 or greater) (the "Stock
Exchange Ratio") of common stock, par value $.01 per share, including the
Acquiror Rights (as defined below) associated therewith ("Acquiror Common
Stock"), of Acquiror based on the Average Closing Sales Price for the ten
(10) consecutive New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") trading days ending on and
including the NYSE trading day that is two NYSE trading days prior to the
Effective Date (the "Determination Period") determined as follows:   (i) if
the Average Closing Sales Price for the Determination Period is greater than
$31.20 and less than $42.21, then the Stock Exchange Ratio shall equal $14.00
divided by the Average Closing Sales Price for the Determination Period;  
(ii) if the Average Closing Sales Price for the Determination Period is equal
to or less than $31.20, then the Stock Exchange Ratio shall equal .4487;
or   (iii) if the Average Closing Sale Price for the Determination Period
is equal to or greater than $42.21, then the Stock Exchange Ratio shall equal
.3317 (the consideration for which each share of Company Common Stock is
converted being, the "Merger Consideration").  For the purposes of this
Agreement, "Average Closing Sales Price" shall mean the average (rounded to
the nearest full cent, with the cents rounded up if the third decimal place
is 5 or greater) of the daily closing sale prices of a share of Acquiror
Common Stock as reported on the NYSE Composite Tape, as reported in The Wall
Street Journal.   (b) Cancellation of Company Common Stock. Subject to the
other provisions of this Article IV, all shares of Company Common Stock
shall, upon conversion thereof into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration at the Effective Time, cease to be outstanding and shall
automatically be cancelled and cease to exist, and each certificate
previously evidencing any such shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than shares of Company Common Stock described in
Section 4.1(c) and any Dissenting Shares) shall thereafter represent only the
right to receive the Merger Consideration and any amounts payable pursuant to
Section 4.2(d). The holders of certificates previously evidencing any such
shares shall cease to have any rights with respect to such Company Common
Stock except as otherwise provided herein or by Law.     (c) Treasury
Stock. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each
share of Company Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company and each
share of Company Common Stock, if any, owned by Acquiror or any direct or
indirect wholly- owned subsidiary of Acquiror or of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and cease to exist and shall
not be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.   (d)
Merger Sub Stock. Each share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be converted into and become one validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the
Surviving Corporation.   (e) Anti-Dilution Provisions. If between the date
of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Acquiror
Common Stock or Company Common Stock shall have been changed into a different
number of shares or a different class, by reason of any stock dividend,
reclassification, recapitalization, split, division, combination or exchange
of shares, there will be a proportionate adjustment (to the extent
appropriate) made to the Stock Exchange Ratio to reflect such change.  
IV.2 Exchange of Certificates. {tc \\\l2 " IV.2 Exchange of Certificates.
}   (a) Exchange Fund. At the Effective Time, Acquiror shall deposit, or
cause to be deposited, with a bank or trust company designated by Acquiror
(the "Exchange Agent"), for the benefit of the former holders of shares of
Company Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with this Article IV through
the Exchange Agent, certificates representing shares of Acquiror Common Stock
issuable pursuant to this Article IV as of the Effective Time and cash in
an amount necessary to pay for fractional shares pursuant to Section 4.2(i),
each in an aggregate amount sufficient to properly effect the conversion of
Company Common Stock in accordance with this Article IV (such shares of
Acquiror Common Stock and cash, together with any dividends or distributions
with respect thereto, being referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). Thereafter,
Acquiror shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the Exchange Agent,
for the benefit of any former holders of shares of Company Common Stock who
have not yet surrendered their shares of Company Common Stock for exchange,
at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other
distributions, with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to
surrender, payable with respect to any shares of Acquiror Common Stock
remaining in the Exchange Fund on such record date. The Exchange Agent shall,
pursuant to irrevocable instructions from Acquiror, deliver cash in lieu
of fractional shares, Acquiror Common Stock and any such dividends
or distributions related to such Acquiror Common Stock in exchange
for certificates theretofore evidencing Company Common Stock surrendered to
the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 4.2(c).   (b) Letter of Transmittal.
Promptly after the Effective Time, Acquiror shall cause the Exchange Agent to
mail to each record holder of a certificate or certificates representing
shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time
(the "Certificates") whose shares are converted pursuant to Section
4.1(a) into the right to receive the Merger Consideration (i) a letter
of transmittal for delivery of such Certificates to the Exchange Agent and
(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of such Certificates for
the Merger Consideration.   (c) Exchange Procedures. Acquiror shall cause
the Exchange Agent to distribute to each former holder of shares of Company
Common Stock, upon surrender to the Exchange Agent for cancellation of one or
more Certificates, accompanied by an appropriate letter of transmittal, cash
(rounded to the nearest cent) in lieu of fractional shares and certificates
evidencing the appropriate number of shares of Acquiror Common Stock into
which such shares of Company Common Stock were converted pursuant to the
Merger and any dividends or other distributions related to shares of
Acquiror Common Stock that such former holder of shares of Company Common
Stock is entitled to receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article
IV.   (d) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares of Company
Common Stock. No dividends or other distributions declared or made with
respect to Acquiror Common Stock on or after the Effective Time shall be paid
to the holder of any Certificate that is entitled to receive Acquiror Common
Stock pursuant to Article IV until the holder of such Certificate shall
surrender such Certificate. Subject to the effect of any escheat, tax or
other applicable Laws, following surrender of any such Certificate, there
will be paid from the Exchange Fund to the holder of the certificates
evidencing shares of Acquiror Common Stock issued in exchange for Company
Common Stock, (i) promptly, the amount of dividends or other distributions
with a record date on or after the Effective Time theretofore paid
with respect to such shares of Acquiror Common Stock, and (ii) at
the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or
other distributions, with a record date on or after the Effective Time
but prior to surrender and a payment date occurring after surrender, payable
with respect to such shares of Acquiror Common Stock.   (e) Termination of
Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains unclaimed by
the former holders of shares of Company Common Stock at the second
anniversary of the Effective Time shall be delivered to Acquiror, upon
demand, and any former holders of shares of Company Common Stock who have not
theretofore complied with this Article IV shall, subject to applicable
abandoned property, escheat and other similar Laws, thereafter look only
to Acquiror for Acquiror Common Stock and any cash to which they
are entitled.   (f) Dissenting Shares. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, shares of Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by a holder who
has not voted in favor of the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who
has demanded appraisal for such shares of Company Common Stock in accordance
with the DGCL ("Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into a right to
receive the Merger Consideration as set forth herein, but such holder shall
be entitled to receive such consideration as shall be determined pursuant to
the DGCL; provided, however, that if, after the Effective Time, such holder
fails to perfect or withdraws or loses his right to appraisal, such shares of
Company Common Stock shall be treated as if they had converted as of the
Effective Time into a right to receive the Merger Consideration and such
shares shall no longer be Dissenting Shares.   (g) Withholding of Tax. Each
of Acquiror and the Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold
from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to
any former holder of shares of Company Common Stock (as defined below) such
amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making
of such payment under the Code (as defined herein), or any provision of
state, local or foreign Tax (as defined herein) Law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld by Acquiror or the Exchange Agent, such withheld
amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been
paid to the former holder of shares of Company Common Stock in respect of
whom such deduction and withholding was made by Acquiror or the Exchange
Agent, as the case may be.   (h) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the person claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed
and the posting of any bond required by Acquiror in accordance with its
policies and practices, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for such
lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, Merger Consideration to which the
holder may be entitled pursuant to this Article IV and any dividends or other
distributions to which the holder thereof may be entitled pursuant to Section
4.2(d).   (i) No Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, no certificate or script representing fractional shares of
Acquiror Common Stock will be issued to any holder of a Certificate entitled
to receive a fractional share of Acquiror Common Stock but for this Section
4.2(i). All holders of Company Common Stock who otherwise would be entitled
to receive a fraction share of Acquiror Common Stock shall be entitled to
receive an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest cent) determined
by multiplying such fraction (rounded to the nearest hundredth of a share)
by the Average Closing Sales Price.   IV.3 Options and Restricted Stock. {tc
\\\l2 " IV.3 Options and Restricted Stock. }   (a) At the Effective Time,
each outstanding option to purchase Company Common Stock (a "Company Stock
Option") issued pursuant to the Grove 2001 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Company
Option Plan"), whether or not then exercisable, shall be converted into
an immediately exercisable option (an "Acquiror Option") to purchase
from Acquiror a number of shares of Acquiror Common Stock (with the
result rounded up to the nearest whole share) equal to the number of
shares of Acquiror Common Stock that equals the product of the Stock
Exchange Ratio multiplied by the number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject to such Company Stock Option immediately prior to
the Effective Time, and the option exercise price per share of
Acquiror Common Stock shall be adjusted to an amount (rounded up to the
nearest full cent) equal to the option exercise price per share of
Company Common Stock in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
divided by the Stock Exchange Ratio.   (b) Promptly following the Closing
Date, Acquiror shall file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC") a Registration Statement on Form S-8 (or a post-effective amendment
on Form S-8 with respect to the Form S-4 or such other appropriate
form) covering all such shares of Acquiror Common Stock (or
otherwise provide that there is in effect a registration statement on Form
S-8 covering all such shares of Acquiror Common Stock) and shall cause
any such registration statement to remain effective (and shall cause
the prospectus or prospectuses relating thereto to remain compliant
with applicable securities laws) for as long as there are outstanding
any such options to purchase shares of Acquiror Common Stock or for as long
as required under applicable securities laws.  (c) With respect to any shares
of restricted stock issued pursuant to the Company Option Plan (the
"Restricted Shares") which are no longer subject to restrictions as a result
of the occurrence of a "Section 8 Event" (as such term is defined in
the Company Option Plan), any Registration Rights Agreement (as
defined below) entered by the holder of such Restricted Shares shall contain
a provision permitting the sale of a sufficient number in the market
or otherwise of shares of Acquiror Common Stock received in the Merger
in order to fully satisfy any liabilities for any Tax (as defined
below) arising from the lapse of restrictions on such Restricted Shares,
net of any amounts previously withheld in respect of such Tax.   IV.4 Stock
Transfer Books. {tc \\\l2 " IV.4 Stock Transfer Books. }At the Effective
Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and there shall
be no further registration of transfers of shares of Company Common Stock
thereafter on the records of the Company. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation, they shall be
cancelled and exchanged for the cash and Acquiror Common Stock to which the
holder may be entitled pursuant to this Article IV, together with
any dividends or other distributions to which the holder thereof may
be entitled pursuant to Section 4.2(d).    ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES  OF THE COMPANY{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE V  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY}   The Company represents and warrants to Acquiror
and Merger Sub that, except as set forth in the disclosure schedules
delivered by the Company to Acquiror and Merger Sub simultaneously with
the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule")
(it being agreed and understood that (i) any matter set forth in any section
of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed disclosed with respect to
any such section of this Article V to which such matter logically relates, so
long as the description of such matter contains sufficient facts to provide
reasonable notice of the relevance of such matter and (ii) no reference to or
disclosure of any item on the Company Disclosure Schedule shall be construed
as an admission or indication that such item or other matter is material
or that such item or other matter is required to be referred to or disclosed
on the Company Disclosure Schedule):   V.1 Organization. {tc \\\l2 " V.1
Organization. } Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each
Company Subsidiary (as defined herein). Each of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization and has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted, except where failure to be so existing and in good
standing or to have such power and authority would not be reasonably likely
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). The Company
and each of the Company Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do
business as a foreign corporation or other entity and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes
such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so
duly qualified, licensed and in good standing would not be reasonably likely
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. As used in this Agreement,
"Company Material Adverse Effect" means an effect that is materially adverse
to the business, financial condition or operations of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, but shall exclude any
effect arising out of : (i) any change or development generally
applicable to the industries and markets in which the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries are involved; (ii) any change or development
generally applicable to the United States or global economic conditions;
(iii) any change or development resulting from the execution of
this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
or the public announcement hereof; or (iv) any change or
development resulting from the failure of Acquiror to consent to any of
the actions proscribed by Section 7.1.   V.2 Authorization; Validity of
Agreement. {tc \\\l2 " V.2  Authorization; Validity of Agreement. }The
Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, to perform all of its obligations hereunder and,
subject to obtaining any necessary approval of its stockholders as
contemplated by the provisions of this Agreement, to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by
the Company of this Agreement, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized by the board
of directors of the Company (the "Company Board") and no other
corporate action (except any required approval of the Company\'s stockholders
in accordance with Delaware Law and except as otherwise set forth herein) on
the part of the Company is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company
and, assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery hereof by
Acquiror and Merger Sub, is a valid and binding obligation of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that (i)
such enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws, now or hereafter in
effect, affecting creditors\' rights generally and (ii) the remedy of
specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may
be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought.   V.3 Capitalization. {tc
\\\l2 " V.3 Capitalization. }   (a) As of the date hereof, the authorized
capital stock of the Company consists of 10,000,000 shares of Company Common
Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per
share (the "Company Preferred Stock"). As of March 18, 2002, there were
(i) 4,945,000 shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding,
and (ii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.
All the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and Company
Preferred Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable. As of March 18, 2002, (i) 263,158 shares of
Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise
of outstanding options, each with an exercise price of $7.92 per
share, pursuant to the Company Option Plan and (ii) 555,556 shares of
Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding
warrants, 277,778 of such warrants having an exercise price of $19.20
and 277,778 of such warrants having an exercise price of $24.20. Except as
set forth above, there are no existing (i) options, warrants, calls,
subscriptions or other rights, convertible securities, agreements or
commitments of any character obligating the Company to issue, transfer or
sell any shares of capital stock or other equity interest in the Company or
securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares or equity
interests; (ii) contractual obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any capital stock of the Company or (iii) voting trusts
or similar agreements to which the Company is a party with respect to the
Company Common Stock.   (b) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary
owns any capital stock or other equity interest in any
corporation, partnership, trust or other business association other than
the Company Subsidiaries. The Company owns, either directly or
indirectly through one or more Company Subsidiaries, 100% of the
outstanding capital stock or other ownership interest(s) of each of the
Company Subsidiaries.   V.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violations{tc \\\l2
" V.4  Consents and Approvals; No Violations}. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and compliance with the provisions hereof will not, result in any
violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give to others a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
of any obligation or the loss of a material benefit under, or result in the
creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any of
the properties or assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary under, any
provision of (i) the certificate of incorporation, by-laws or similar
organizational documents of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, (ii) any
loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other
agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or license applicable to
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or (iii) any order, writ, judgement,
injunction, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation
(collectively, "Law") applicable to the Company, any Company Subsidiary or
any of their properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii)
or (iii), such violations, defaults, rights, liens, security
interests, charges or encumbrances the effect of any of which would not
be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. No filing or
registration with, or authorization, consent or approval of, any governmental
entity or third party is required by or with respect to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or is necessary for the consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for (i) filings pursuant
to the Hart-Scott- Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
"HSR Act"), (ii) applicable filings under non-U.S. merger control and
competition Laws, (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and appropriate documents with
the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is qualified to do business, (iv) applicable requirements, if any,
of "blue sky" Laws, and (v) such other consents, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings the failure of any of which to be
obtained or made would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   V.5 Financial Statements. {tc \\\l2 " V.5
Financial Statements. } The Company has delivered or made available to
Acquiror the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of
September 30, 2000 and September 29, 2001 and the related audited
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
predecessor equity (deficit), and cash flows of the Company for the fiscal
years ended October 2, 1999, September 30, 2000 and September 29,
2001 (collectively, the "Company Financial Statements"). The
Company Financial Statements (i) have been prepared, in all material
respects, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP") (except as otherwise noted therein), applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved (except as therein noted), and
(ii) present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as
at their respective dates and for the periods then ended.   V.6 No
Undisclosed Liabilities; Borrowed Money Indebtedness. {tc \\\l2 " V.6 No
Undisclosed Liabilities; Borrowed Money Indebtedness. }   (a) Except for
liabilities and obligations (i) incurred in the ordinary course of business
after September 29, 2001, (ii) disclosed, reflected or reserved for in the
Company Financial Statements, or (iii) incurred in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise as contemplated by this
Agreement, there are no material liabilities or obligations of the Company or
the Company Subsidiaries that would be required to be reflected or reserved
against in a consolidated balance sheet of the Company prepared in accordance
with GAAP as applied in preparing the most recent consolidated balance sheet
of the Company included in the Company Financial Statements.   (b) Section
5.6(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all material Borrowed Money
Indebtedness of the Company as of the date of this Agreement. For the purpose
of this Agreement, "Borrowed Money Indebtedness" means all liabilities or
obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, whether primary or
secondary or absolute or contingent: (A) for borrowed money, or (B) evidenced
by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, or (C) secured
by mortgages or liens on any assets of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, but excluding lease financings, trade financings and
any inter-company indebtedness.   V.7 Absence of Certain Changes. {tc \\\l2
" V.7 Absence of Certain Changes. }Except as (i) disclosed in the Company
Financial Statements; or (ii) contemplated by this Agreement, from September
29, 2001 to the date hereof, the business of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries has been conducted only in the ordinary course
and neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has:   (a) suffered any
change or development constituting a Company Material Adverse Effect;   (b)
amended its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or similar organizational
documents;   (c) except for the Company Option Plan, adopted any
new employee benefit plan or amended any existing employee benefit plan
to increase benefits thereunder, except as may have been required
by applicable Law;   (d) made any increase in the compensation, salaries
or wages payable or to become payable to any employee,
independent contractor or agent of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
or granted, made or accrued any bonus or other benefit to any such person,
except for normal merit and seniority raises and bonuses in amounts which are
consistent with past practices;   (e) experienced any labor dispute or
disturbance, other than routine individual grievances which would not be
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;   (f)
declared, set aside or paid any dividend or other distribution in respect of
Company capital stock;    (g) redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired
any capital stock of the Company or any security relating thereto, or
made any other payments to any stockholder of the Company in such
person\'s capacity as a stockholder of the Company;   (h) except in the
ordinary course of business, acquired, sold, leased or disposed of any assets
which, in the aggregate, are material to the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;   (i) other than intercompany debt, (i)
incurred or assumed any long-term or short-term debt or issued any debt
securities except for borrowings under existing lines of credit in the
ordinary course of business or trade financings under existing agreements
or entered into in the ordinary course of business; (ii)
assumed, guaranteed, endorsed or otherwise become liable or
responsible (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the
material obligations of any other person except in the ordinary course
of business in an amount not material to the Company and
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iii) made any material
loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any
other person other than in the ordinary course of business in an amount
not material to the Company and Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
or (iv) mortgaged or pledged any of their material assets, tangible
or intangible, or created any material mortgage, lien, pledge,
charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind with respect to any
such material asset;   (j) suffered any damage, destruction or loss,
whether or not covered by insurance, materially and adversely affecting
the operation of the business of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;   (k) acquired (by merger, consolidation or
acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation, partnership or other
business organization or division thereof or any equity interest therein;  
(l) adopted a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions
providing for or authorizing such liquidation or a dissolution, merger,
consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;
or   (m) authorized or entered into an agreement to do any of the
foregoing.   V.8 Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA. {tc \\\l2 " V.8
Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA. }    (a) Section 5.8(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all material employee benefit plans
(including but not limited to plans described in Section 3(3) of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA")), maintained by the Company, or by any trade or business, whether
or not incorporated (an "ERISA Affiliate"), which together with the
Company would be deemed a "single employer" within the meaning of
Section 4001(b)(15) of ERISA for the benefit of employees or former
employees of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries ("Benefit Plans") and
all material employment and severance agreements with employees or
former employees of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
("Employee Agreements").   (b) With respect to each Benefit Plan: (i) if
intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code"), such plan has received a determination
letter from the Internal Revenue Service stating that it so qualifies
and that its trust is exempt from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code;
(ii) such plan has been administered in all material respects in accordance
with its terms and applicable Law; (iii) no claims (other than routine claims
for benefits) are pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
that give rise to or might reasonably be expected to give rise to material
liability on the part of the Company; and (iv) no prohibited transaction
(within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA) has occurred that gives rise to,
or might reasonably be expected to give rise to, any material liability on
the part of the Company.   (c) No Benefit Plan has incurred an accumulated
funding deficiency, as defined in Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of
the Code, whether or not waived.   (d) With respect to each Benefit Plan
that is a "welfare plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), no such plan
provides post-retirement medical or life insurance benefits with respect
to current or former employees of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate (other
than to the extent required by applicable Law or benefits the full cost of
which is borne by the current or former employee or his beneficiary).   (e)
No liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA has been incurred by the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate that has not been satisfied in full, and no
condition exists that presents a material risk to the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate of incurring any such liability, other than liability for premiums
due the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (which premiums have been paid
when due).    (f) The Merger shall not trigger any acceleration
of benefits and the provision of special benefits to participants
under either the Grove U.S. LLC (f/k/a Grove North America)
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan or the National Crane
Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.   V.9 Litigation. {tc
\\\l2 " V.9 Litigation. }Section 5.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists
each material pending action, suit and proceeding involving the Company or
any Company Subsidiary by or before any governmental entity or by any third
party. As of the date hereof, there is no action, suit or proceeding (other
than any action, suit or proceeding resulting from or arising out of
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby) pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened, involving the Company or
any Company Subsidiaries by or before any governmental entity or by
any third party which, either alone or considered with all such
other actions, suits or proceedings, would be reasonably likely to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect.   V.10 No Default; Compliance with
Applicable Laws. {tc \\\l2 "  V.10 No Default; Compliance with Applicable
Laws. }Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in default or
violation of any term, condition or provision of (i) their respective
certificates of incorporation, by-laws or similar organizational documents or
(ii) to the knowledge of the Company, any Law applicable to the Company or
any Company Subsidiary, excluding from the foregoing clause (ii),
defaults or violations which would not be reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect or which become applicable as a result of
the business or activities in which Acquiror is or proposes to be engaged or
as a result of any acts or omissions by, or the status of any
facts pertaining to, Acquiror. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
Section 5.10 shall not apply to Environmental Laws (as defined herein) and
any permits required thereunder, which are exclusively the subject of
the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.14.   V.11 Taxes.
{tc \\\l2 " V.11 Taxes. }   (a) The Company and each of the Company
Subsidiaries has (i) timely filed all Tax Returns (as defined herein)
required to be filed by any of them on or prior to the date hereof (taking
into account applicable extensions) and all such Tax Returns were
true, correct and complete in all material respects when filed and (ii)
paid or accrued (in accordance with GAAP) all Taxes (as defined
herein) shown to be due on such Tax Returns other than such Taxes as are
being contested in good faith by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries.  
(b) With respect to Taxes for which the Company or a Company Subsidiary is
liable, there are no material federal, state, local or foreign audits,
examinations, or deficiency or refund litigation pending and no Taxing
Authority (as defined herein) has given written notice of the commencement of
any audit, examination or deficiency or refund litigation with respect to
Taxes of the Company or a Company Subsidiary.   (c) With respect to Taxes
for which the Company or a Company Subsidiary is liable, there are no
outstanding written requests, agreements, consents or waivers to extend the
statutory period of limitations applicable to the assessment of any Taxes
or deficiencies.   (d) The Company or a Company Subsidiary is not a
party to any agreement providing for the allocation or sharing of Taxes.  
(e) There are no material liens for Taxes upon the assets of the Company or a
Company Subsidiary that are not provided for in the Company Financial
Statements, except liens arising as a matter of Law for current Taxes not yet
due and liens for Taxes that are being contested in good faith.   (f)
"Taxes" shall mean any and all taxes, charges, fees, levies or other
assessments, including, without limitation, income, gross receipts, excise,
real or personal property, sales, withholding, social security, occupation,
use, service, service use, value added, license, net worth, payroll,
franchise, transfer and recording taxes, fees and charges, imposed by any
Taxing Authority, whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary,
combined or any other basis; and such term shall include any interest,
penalties or additional amounts attributable to, or imposed upon, or with
respect to, any such taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments.
"Taxing Authority" shall mean the Internal Revenue Service and any other
authority (whether domestic or foreign including, without limitation, any
state, local or foreign government or any subdivision or taxing agency
thereof (including a United States possession)) responsible for
the administration of any Tax. "Tax Return" shall mean any report, return,
document, declaration or other information or filing, including any
amendments thereto and related or supporting information, required to be
supplied to any Taxing Authority with respect to Taxes.   V.12 Personal
Property.{tc \\\l2 " V.12 Personal Property.} The Company and each of the
Company Subsidiaries has valid title to all of its personal property, free
and clear of all liens, charges and encumbrances, except (i) liens for Taxes
not yet due and payable, (ii) pledges to secure Borrowed Money Indebtedness,
(iii) security interests associated with operating equipment leases and (iv)
such other liens, charges, encumbrances and other imperfections of title, if
any, as do not materially detract from the value of, or interfere with the
present use of, the property affected thereby or which would not be
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all leases pursuant to which the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries lease material amounts of personal property are valid
and effective in accordance with their respective terms, and there is not
under any of such leases, an existing default or event of default (or event
with which notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default and
in respect of which the Company or such Company Subsidiary has not taken
adequate steps to prevent such a default from occurring) on the part of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the
Company, the other parties thereto, except where the lack of such validity
and effectiveness or the existence of such default or event of default would
not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   V.13
Intellectual Property. {tc \\\l2 " V.13 Intellectual Property. }There are no
pending or threatened material claims of which the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries has been given written notice, by any person against the
Company\'s or the Company Subsidiaries\' use of any material trademarks,
trade names, service marks, service names, mark registrations, logos, assumed
names and copyright registrations, patents and all applications therefor
that are owned by the Company or one of the Company Subsidiaries and used in
its operations as currently conducted (collectively, the
"Company Intellectual Property"). To the knowledge of the Company, the
Company or one of the Company Subsidiaries has such ownership of, or
such rights by license, lease or other agreement to, the
Company Intellectual Property as are necessary to permit the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries to conduct their operations as currently conducted
in all material respects. Such ownership or other rights of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries in the Company Intellectual Property are valid,
enforceable and in good standing in all material respects and there are no
material equitable defenses to enforcement based on any act or omission by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary. To the knowledge of the Company, no
third party is infringing on the Company Intellectual Property.     
V.14 Environmental Laws and Regulations. {tc \\\l2 " V.14  Environmental Laws
and Regulations. }   (a) Definitions. As used in this Agreement:   (i)
"Company Environmental Claim" shall mean any and all written administrative,
regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, directives,
claims, liens, information requests, proceedings or notices of noncompliance
or violation by any person alleging potential liability (including, without
limitation, potential liability for enforcement, investigatory costs,
cleanup costs, governmental response costs, removal costs, remedial
costs, natural resources damages, property damages, personal injuries
or penalties) arising out of, based on or resulting from: (A) the presence,
or release into the environment, of any Environmental Hazardous Materials at
any location, whether or not owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary;
or (B) circumstances forming the basis of any violation or alleged violation,
of any Environmental Law; or (C) any and all claims by any person seeking
damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or
injunctive relief resulting from the presence or Environmental Release of
any Environmental Hazardous Materials.   (ii) "Environmental Hazardous
Materials" shall mean: (A) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive
materials, asbestos in any form, urea formaldehyde foam insulation,
and transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing
levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and radon gas; and (B) any
chemicals, materials or substances which are now or ever have been defined as
or included in the definition of "hazardous substances," "hazardous wastes,"
"hazardous materials," "extremely hazardous wastes," restricted hazardous
wastes," "toxic substances," "toxic pollutants," or words of similar import,
under any Environmen- tal Law; and (C) any other chemical, material,
substance or waste, exposure to which is now or ever has been prohibited,
limited or regulated by any governmental authority.   (iii) "Environmental
Laws" shall mean all federal, state, local or foreign statutes, Laws, rules,
ordinances, codes and regulations relating to pollution or protection of
human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air,
surface water, ground water, drinking water, wildlife, plants, land surface
or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, Laws and regulations
relating to Environmental Releases or threatened Environmental Releases of
Environmental Hazardous Materials, or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Environmental Hazardous Materials.     (iv) "Environmental
Permits" shall mean all environmental, health and safety permits and
governmental authoriza- tions.  (v) "Environmental Release" shall mean
any release, spill, emission, leaking, injection, deposit,
disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the atmosphere,
soil, surface water, groundwater or property.   (b) Compliance. Except as
described in Section 5.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and
each Company Subsidiary (i) to the knowledge of the Company, is in compliance
with all applicable Environmental Laws in all material respects; and
(ii) has not received any written communication that alleges that
the Company or a Company Subsidiary is not in compliance in all
material respects with applicable Environmental Laws.   (c) Environmental
Permits. Except as described in Section 5.14 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company and each Company Subsidiary has obtained all material
Environmental Permits necessary for its operations, all such permits are in
good standing in all material respects, and the Company and each of the
Company Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all
terms and conditions of such Environmental Permits.   (d) Company
Environmental Claims. Except as described in Section 5.14 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there is no material Company Environmental Claim pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or their respective assets or properties or, to the
knowledge of the Company, against any person whose liability for any
Company Environmental Claim the Company or any Company Subsidiary has
retained or assumed contractually or against any real or personal property
or operation which the Company or any Company Subsidiary owns, leases
or manages.   (e) Environmental Releases. Except as described Section 5.14
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the Company, there
have been no Environmental Releases of any Environmental Hazardous Material
by the Company or any Company Subsidiary on real property owned, used, leased
or operated by the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except for those which
would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or
those which are expressly permitted by applicable Environmental Law.   (f)
CERCLA. Except as described in Section 5.14 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, to the knowledge of the Company, no material real property at any
time owned, operated, used or controlled by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is currently listed on the National Priorities List or the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information
System, both promulgated under the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), or on any
comparable state list, and neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has
received any written notice from any person under or relating to CERCLA or
any comparable foreign, state or local Law.   (g) Off-Site Locations.
Except as described in Section 5.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to
the knowledge of the Company, no off-site location at which the Company or
any Company Subsidiary has disposed or arranged for the disposal of any waste
is listed on the National Priorities List or on any comparable state list,
except to the extent such disposal would not result in a material liability
to the Company or any Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written notice from any
person, with respect to any off-site location, of any material liability of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or a written request for information
from any person under or relating to CERCLA or any comparable foreign, state
or local Law that is reasonably likely to result in a material liability to
the Company or any Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   V.15
Contracts{tc \\\l2 " V.15 Contracts}. As of the date of this Agreement, each
of the contracts, agreements and understandings to which the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is a party or by which any of their assets or operations
may be bound and that is material to the business, properties, assets,
liabilities, financial condition or results of the operations of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole ("Company Agreements"), is a
valid and binding obligation of the Company or a Company Subsidiary, as
applicable, and, to the knowledge of the Company, the other parties thereto,
enforceable in all material respects against the Company or a Company
Subsidiary, as applicable, and, to the knowledge of the Company, the other
parties thereto, in accordance with its terms. The Company or the applicable
Company Subsidiary is not in breach or default in any material respect under
any Company Agreements and, to the knowledge of the Company, there has not
been any breach or default in any material respect of any Company Agreements
by any party thereto (other than the Company or a Company Subsidiary).  
V.16 Real Property. {tc \\\l2 " V.16 Real Property. }   (a) Real Property.
The parcels of real property identified on Section 5.16 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule constitute all of the material real property owned,
leased or managed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary and used in their
respective businesses (the "Real Property"). Except as would not be
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, to the knowledge
of the Company, the Real Property: (i) is not in possession of any adverse
possessors; (ii) has direct access to and from a public road or street; (iii)
is used in a manner which is consistent with and permitted by applicable
zoning ordinances and other Laws without special use approvals or permits;
(iv) is, and has been since the date of possession thereof by the Company or
any Company Subsidiary, in the peaceful possession of the Company or such
Company Subsidiary; (v) is served by all water, sewer, electrical, telephone,
drainage and other utilities required for normal operations of the businesses
of the Company or such Company Subsidiary; (vi) is not located in a
flood plain, wetland or similar restricted area; and (vii) requires
no material work or improvements to bring them into compliance with
any applicable Law.   (b) Notice. To the knowledge of the Company, there
are no planned or contemplated public improvements which are
reasonably likely to result in material special assessments against the
Real Property or which may adversely affect the availability of
utility service to the Real Property.   (c) Title. The Company and each of
the Company Subsidiaries has valid title to all Real Property, free and clear
of all mortgage liens, and free and clear of all other liens, charges
and encumbrances, except (i) liens for Taxes not yet due and payable,
(ii) mortgages and pledges to secure Borrowed Money Indebtedness, or
(iii) such liens, charges encumbrances and other imperfections of title,
if any, as do not materially detract from the value of, or
materially interfere with the present use of, the property affected thereby.
To the knowledge of the Company, all leases pursuant to which the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries lease Real Property are valid and effective
in all material respects in accordance their respective terms, and there is
not, to the knowledge of the Company, under any of such leases, an existing
material default or event of default (or event with which notice or lapse of
time, or both, would constitute a material default and in respect of which
the Company or such Company Subsidiary has not taken adequate steps to
prevent such a default from occurring).   V.17 Labor Matters. {tc \\\l2 "
V.17 Labor Matters. }Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a
party to or otherwise bound by any collective bargaining agreement, contract
or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization
as of the date hereof. As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary is the subject of any material proceeding asserting that
the Company or any Company Subsidiary has committed an unfair labor practice
or seeking to compel the Company or any Company Subsidiary to bargain with
any labor union or labor organization. Neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has during the last twenty-four (24) months prior to the date
hereof been the subject of any pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened labor strike, dispute, walkout, work stoppage, slow-
down, or lockout or organizational activity involving the Company or
any Company Subsidiary. Excepted from the representations in the immediately
preceding two sentences are any (i) proceeding or (ii) labor strike, dispute,
walkout, work stoppage, slow-down, lockout or organizational activity that
would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  
V.18 Required Vote of Company Stockholders. {tc \\\l2 " V.18  Required Vote
of Company Stockholders. }The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock in favor of the approval and
adoption of the Agreement and the Merger is the only vote of the holders of
any of the Company\'s capital stock necessary in connection with consummation
of the Merger (the "Stockholder Approval").   V.19 Registration Statement;
Proxy Statement/Prospectus. {tc \\\l2 " V.19 Registration Statement; Proxy
Statement/Prospectus. }The information to be supplied by the Company
expressly for inclusion in the Registration Statement (as defined herein),
shall not, at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by
the SEC, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein not misleading. The information to be supplied by the
Company or required to be supplied by the Company for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement (as defined herein) included in the Registration Statement shall
not, on the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the Company\'s
stockholders and, if applicable, at the time of the Company stockholders
meeting to approve the Merger and this Agreement (the "Company Stockholders
Meeting"), contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
are made, not false or misleading, or omit to state any material fact
necessary to correct any statement in any earlier communication with respect
to the Company Stockholders Meeting that has become false or
misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no
representation or warranty or covenant with respect to any information
supplied by Acquiror or Merger Sub that is contained in any of the
foregoing documents.   V.20 Reorganization. {tc \\\l2 " V.20
Reorganization. }To the knowledge of the Company, it has not taken any action
or failed to take any action that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   V.21
Insurance.{tc \\\l2 " V.21 Insurance.} Section 5.21 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule lists each insurance policy currently maintained by the Company that
covers the assets and operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries.
With respect to each such insurance policy, the policy is legal, valid,
binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar Laws affecting the rights
of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies
and, except for policies that have expired under their terms in the ordinary
course, is in full force and effect.   V.22 Product Matters.{tc \\\l2 " V.22
Product Matters.} To the knowledge of the Company, there are no material
defects in design, construction or manufacture of products currently
manufactured, assembled, distributed or sold by the Company or any Company
Sub- sidiary which would have a material adverse effect on the
performance of such products or create a materially unusual risk of injury
to person or property. Since March 1, 1995, none of the
products manufactured, assembled, distributed or sold by the Company or
any Company Subsidiary has been the subject of any replacement, field
fix, retrofit, modification or recall campaign conducted by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary. The products manufactured, assembled, distributed
or sold by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have been designed and
manufactured so as to meet and comply with all standards and specifications
imposed under applicable Law.   V.23 Brokers or Finders. {tc \\\l2 " V.23
Brokers or Finders. }Except for Salomon Smith Barney Inc., no agent,
broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or person is
or will be entitled to any brokers\' or finders\' fee or any
other commission or similar fee in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based on arrangements made by or
on behalf of the Company or any Company Subsidiary.    ARTICLE VI  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF  ACQUIROR AND MERGER SUB{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE
VI  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ACQUIROR AND MERGER SUB}   Acquiror
and the Merger Sub (together, the "Acquiror Companies"), jointly and
severally, represent and warrant to the Company that, except as set forth in
the disclosure schedule delivered by the Acquiror Companies to the Company
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement (the "Acquiror Disclosure
Schedule") (it being agreed and understood that (i) any matter set forth in
any section of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed
disclosed with respect to any such section of this Article VI to which
such matter logically relates, so long as the description of such
matter contains sufficient facts to provide reasonable notice of
the relevance of such matter and (ii) no reference to or disclosure of
any item on the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule shall be construed as
an admission or indication that such item or other matter is material
or that such item or other matter is required to be referred to or disclosed
on the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule):   VI.1 Organization. {tc \\\l2 " VI.1
Organization. }Each of the Acquiror Companies is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to be
so organized, existing and in good standing or to have such power
and authority would not be reasonably likely to have an Acquiror
Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Acquiror Companies is duly qualified
or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so duly qualified or
licensed and in good standing would not be reasonably likely to have an
Acquiror Material Adverse Effect. As used in this Agreement, "Acquiror
Material Adverse Effect" means an effect that is materially adverse to the
business, financial condition or operations of Acquiror and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, but shall exclude any effect arising out of: (i) any change
or development generally applicable to the industries and markets in which
Acquiror and its subsidiaries are involved; (ii) any change or development
generally applicable to the United States or global economic conditions;
(iii) any change or development resulting from the execution of this
Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or the
public announcement thereof; or (iv) any change or development resulting from
the failure of the Company to consent to any of the actions proscribed by
Section 8.1.   VI.2 Authorization; Validity of Agreement. {tc \\\l2 " VI.2 
Authorization; Validity of Agreement. }Each of the Acquiror Companies has
full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to
perform all of its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by each of the
Acquiror Companies of this Agreement, and the consummation of the
transactions contem- plated hereby, have been duly authorized by the boards
of directors of each of the Acquiror Companies and the stockholders of Merger
Sub and no other corporate action on the part of either of the
Acquiror Companies is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation by either of the Acquiror Companies
of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by the Acquiror Companies and, assuming due
and valid authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the Company, is a
valid and binding obligation of each of the Acquiror Companies, enforceable
against each of them in accordance with its terms, except that (i) such
enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect,
affecting creditors\' rights generally and (ii) the remedy of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any
proceeding therefor may be brought.   VI.3 Capitalization. {tc \\\l2 " VI.3
Capitalization. }   (a) The authorized capital stock of Acquiror consists
of 75,000,000 shares of Acquiror Common Stock, and 3,500,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Acquiror Preferred Stock").
As of March 14, 2002, (i) 24,287,219 shares of Acquiror Common Stock were
issued and outstanding, all of which are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, except as otherwise provided by Section
180.0622(2)(b) of the WBCL; attached to each share of Acquiror Common Stock
outstanding is four-ninths of a right (an "Acquiror Right") to purchase
Acquiror Common Stock pursuant to the terms of a Rights Agreement, dated as
of August 5, 1996, between Acquiror and First Chicago Trust Company of New
York, as Rights Agent, as amended (the "Acquiror Rights Agreement");
(ii) 12,459,263 shares of Acquiror Common Stock were held in the Treasury of
Acquiror; (iii) 1,542,754 shares of Acquiror Common Stock were subject to
issuance pursuant to outstanding employee and director stock options issued
pursuant to Acquiror\'s stock option plans and (iv) 22,000 restricted shares
of Acquiror Common Stock had been authorized for issuance by the board of
directors of Acquiror under The Manitowoc Company, Inc. 1995 Stock Plan. As
of the date of this Agreement, no shares of Acquiror Preferred Stock are
issued and outstanding. Except pursuant to this Agreement and as set forth
in clause (iii) above, as of the date of this Agreement, there are
no options, warrants, calls, subscriptions or other rights,
convertible securities, agreements or commitments of any character
obligating Acquiror to issue, transfer or sell any shares of capital stock
or other equity interest in Acquiror or securities convertible into
or exchangeable for such shares or equity interests, nor are there
any contractual obligations of Acquiror to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any capital stock of Acquiror or any voting trusts or
similar agreements to which Acquiror is a party with respect to the
Acquiror Common Stock.   (b) The authorized capital stock of Merger Sub
consists of 3,000 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
which 1000 shares were issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of Merger Sub are owned beneficially and of record by
Acquiror. All of the outstanding shares of Merger Sub\'s capital stock are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. There are no
existing (i) options, warrants, calls, subscriptions or other rights,
convertible securities, agreements or commitments of any character obligating
the Merger Sub to issue, transfer or sell any shares of capital stock or
other equity interest in the Merger Sub or securities convertible into or
exchangeable for such shares or equity interests; (ii) contractual
obligations of the Merger Sub to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
capital stock of the Merger Sub or (iii) voting trusts or similar
agreements to which the Merger Sub is a party with respect to the Merger
Sub\'s common stock.   VI.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violations. {tc
\\\l2 " VI.4  Consents and Approvals; No Violations. } Except as set forth
in Section 6.4 of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule, the execution
and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and compliance with the
provisions hereof will not, result in any violation of, or default (with
or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give to others
a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or
the loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any lien,
security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets
of Acquiror or any subsidiary of Acquiror under, any provision of (i) the
certificate of incorporation, by-laws or similar organizational documents of
Acquiror or any subsidiary of Acquiror, (ii) any loan or credit agreement,
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument,
permit, concession, franchise or license applicable to Acquiror or any
subsidiary of Acquiror or (iii) any Law applicable to Acquiror, any
subsidiary of Acquiror or any of their properties or assets, other than, in
the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), such violations, defaults, rights,
liens, security interests, charges or encumbrances the effect of any of
which would not be reasonably likely to have an Acquiror Material
Adverse Effect. No filing or registration with, or authorization, consent
or approval of, any governmental entity or third party is required by
or with respect to Acquiror or any subsidiary of Acquiror in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or is necessary for the
consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, except for (i) filings pursuant to the HSR Act, (ii) applicable
filings under non-U.S. merger control and competition Laws, (iii) the filing
of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other
states in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is qualified to do
business, (iv) applicable requirements, if any, of "blue sky" Laws, and (v)
such other consents, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings the failure of any of which to be obtained or made would not be
reasonably likely to have a Acquiror Material Adverse Effect.   VI.5
Reports. {tc \\\l2 " VI.5 Reports. }Acquiror has timely filed all forms,
reports and documents (collectively, the "SEC Reports") required to be filed
by it with the SEC since January 1, 1999. As of their respective dates, the
SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (together with the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, the "Securities Act"), or the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, the "Exchange Act"), as the case may be, and none of
the SEC Reports, at the respective times they were filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, except to the extent superseded by a SEC Report filed
subsequently but prior to the date hereof. The consolidated statements of
financial position and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders\' equity and cash flows (including, in each case, any notes
thereto) of Acquiror included in the SEC Reports: (i) complied in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto; (ii) have been
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP (except, in the
case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q), applied on
a consistent basis during the periods reported (except as therein noted);
and (iii) present fairly the consolidated financial position, results of
operations and cash flows of Acquiror and its consolidated subsidiaries as at
their respective dates and for the periods then ended.   VI.6 No
Undisclosed Liabilities. {tc \\\l2 " VI.6 No Undisclosed Liabilities. }Except
for liabilities and obligations (i) incurred in the ordinary course of
business after December 31, 2000; (ii) disclosed, reflected or reserved for
in the SEC Reports; or (iii) incurred in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or otherwise as contemplated by this Agreement, there are
no liabilities or obligations of Acquiror or any of its subsidiaries
that would be required to be reflected or reserved against in a consolidated
balance sheet of Acquiror prepared in accordance with GAAP as applied in
preparing the most recent consolidated balance sheet of Acquiror included in
the SEC Reports.   VI.7 Absence of Certain Changes. {tc \\\l2 " VI.7 Absence
of Certain Changes. } Except as (i) disclosed in the SEC Reports; or
(ii) contemplated by this Agreement, from December 31, 2000 to the
date hereof, the business of Acquiror and its subsidiaries has
been conducted only in the ordinary course and:   (a) neither Acquiror nor
any of Acquiror\'s subsidiaries has suffered any change or development
constituting an Acquiror Material Adverse Effect;   (b) Acquiror has not
amended its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or similar organizational
documents;   (c) neither Acquiror nor any of Acquiror\'s subsidiaries has
experienced any labor dispute or disturbance, other than routine individual
grievances which would not be reasonably likely to have Acquiror Material
Adverse Effect;   (d) Acquiror has not (i) declared, set aside or paid
any dividend or other distribution in respect of Acquiror capital
stock, other than quarterly and annual dividends in the ordinary course,
or (ii) redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired any capital stock
of Acquiror or any security relating thereto, or made any other payments to
any stockholder of Acquiror in such person\'s capacity as a stockholder of
Acquiror, other than in connection with cashless exercises of options;  
(e) other than intercompany debt, neither Acquiror nor any of Acquiror\'s
subsidiaries has (i) incurred or assumed any long- term or short-term debt or
issued any debt securities except for borrowings under existing lines of
credit in the ordinary course of business or trade financings under existing
agreements or entered into in the ordinary course of business; (ii) assumed,
guaranteed, endorsed or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the material obligations of any
other person except in the ordinary course of business in an amount
not material to Acquiror and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iii) made
any material loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in,
any other person other than in the ordinary course of business in an amount
not material to Acquiror and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (iv)
mortgaged or pledged any of their material assets, tangible or intangible, or
created any material mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or
encumbrance of any kind with respect to any such material asset other than in
the ordinary course of business;    (f) neither Acquiror nor any of
Acquiror\'s subsidiaries has suffered any damage, destruction or loss,
whether or not covered by insurance, which would be reasonably likely to have
an Acquiror Material Adverse Effect;   (g) neither Acquiror nor any of
Acquiror\'s subsidiaries has acquired (by merger, consolidation or
acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation, partnership or other
business organization or division thereof or any equity interest therein
which would be material to Acquiror and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole;   (h) Acquiror has not adopted a plan of complete or partial
liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such liquidation or a
dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other
reorganization; or   (i) neither Acquiror nor any of its subsidiaries,
as applicable, has authorized or entered into an agreement to do any of the
foregoing.   VI.8 Litigation. {tc \\\l2 " VI.8 Litigation. }As of the
date hereof, there is no action, suit or proceeding (other than any
action, suit or proceeding resulting from or arising out of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby) pending or, to the knowledge
of Acquiror, threatened, involving Acquiror or any subsidiary of Acquiror by
or before any governmental entity or by any third party which, either alone
or considered with all such other actions, suits or proceedings, would be
reasonably likely to have an Acquiror Material Adverse Effect.   VI.9 No
Default; Compliance with Applicable Laws. {tc \\\l2 "  VI.9 No Default;
Compliance with Applicable Laws. }Neither Acquiror nor any of its
subsidiaries is in default or violation of any term, condition or provision
of (i) their respective articles of incorporation, by-laws or similar
organizational documents or (ii) to the knowledge of Acquiror, any Law
applicable to Acquiror or any of its subsidiaries, excluding from the
foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), defaults or violations that would not be
reasonably likely to have an Acquiror Material Adverse Effect.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.9 shall not apply to
Environmental Laws and any permits required thereunder, which are exclusively
the subject of the representations and warranties contained in Section
6.10.   VI.10 Environmental Laws and Regulations{tc \\\l2 " VI.10 
Environmental Laws and Regulations}. (a) Each of Acquiror and its
subsidiaries is in compliance with all Environmental Laws, except for non-
compliance that would not be reasonably likely to have an Acquiror Material
Adverse Effect, which compliance includes, but is not limited to, the
possession by Acquiror or one of its subsidiaries of material permits and
other material governmental authorizations required under applicable
Environmental Laws, and material compliance with the terms and conditions
thereof; and (b) neither Acquiror nor any of its subsidiaries has received
notice of, and, to the knowledge of Acquiror, is not the subject of, any
Environmental Claims that would be reasonably likely to have an Acquiror
Material Adverse Effect.   VI.11 Contracts. {tc \\\l2 " VI.11 Contracts. }
As of the date of this Agreement, each of the contracts, agreements
and understandings to which Acquiror or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of their assets or operations may be bound and that
is material to the business, properties, assets, liabilities,
financial condition or results of the operation of Acquiror and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole ("Acquiror Agreements"), is a valid
and binding obligation of Acquiror or its subsidiary, as applicable, and, to
the knowledge of Acquiror, the other parties thereto, enforceable in all
material respects against Acquiror or its subsidiary, as applicable, and, to
the knowledge of Acquiror, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its
terms, except where the failure to be valid, binding and enforceable would be
reasonably likely to have an Acquiror Material Adverse Effect. Acquiror or
its applicable subsidiary is not in breach or default in any material respect
under any Acquiror Agreement and, to the knowledge of Acquiror, there
has not been any breach or default in any material respect of any
Acquiror Agreement by any party thereto (other than Acquiror or its
subsidiary) that, in either case, would be reasonably likely to have an
Acquiror Material Adverse Effect.   VI.12 Registration Statement; Proxy
Statement/Prospectus. {tc \\\l2 " VI.12 Registration Statement; Proxy
Statement/Prospectus. }The information to be supplied by Acquiror or Merger
Sub or required to be supplied by Acquiror or Merger Sub for inclusion in the
Registration Statement, shall not, at the time the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. The
information to be supplied by Acquiror or Merger Sub or required to be
supplied by Acquiror or Merger Sub for inclusion in the Proxy Statement
included in the Registration Statement shall not, on the date the Proxy
Statement is first mailed to the Company\'s stockholders and, if applicable,
at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting, contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not false
or misleading, or omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any
statement in any earlier communication with respect to the
Company Stockholders Meeting that has become false or
misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Acquiror and Merger Sub make
no representation or warranty or covenant with respect to any
information supplied by the Company that is contained in any of the
foregoing documents.   VI.13 Merger Sub\'s Operations. {tc \\\l2 " VI.13
Merger Sub\'s Operations. }Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of
engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby and has not owned any
assets, engaged in any business activities or conducted any operations
other than in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.   VI.14
Reorganization. {tc \\\l2 " VI.14 Reorganization. }To the knowledge of
Acquiror, it has not taken any action or failed to take any action that would
prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code.   VI.15 Required Vote of Acquiror{tc \\\l2 "
VI.15 Required Vote of Acquiror}. No vote of the holders of the capital stock
of Acquiror is necessary in connection with the consummation of the
Merger.   VI.16 Financing. {tc \\\l2 " VI.16 Financing. }Acquiror has, or
shall have, cash on hand and has entered into definitive
financing commitments (true and correct copies of which have been delivered
to the Company) (the "Financing Commitments") which together are sufficient
to satisfy all of its obligations under this Agreement. Each of the Financing
Commitments is valid, binding, and enforceable in all material respects
against the parties in accordance with its terms. As of the date hereof,
Acquiror has paid any and all fees due and payable under the Financing
Commitments.   VI.17 Brokers or Finders. {tc \\\l2 " VI.17 Brokers
or Finders. }Except for Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown, no agent,
broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or person is
or will be entitled to any brokers\' or finders\' fee or any
other commission or similar fee in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based on arrangements made by
the Acquiror or any of its affiliates.    ARTICLE VII   COVENANTS
RELATING TO THE  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE VII
COVENANTS RELATING TO THE CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY}    VII.1
Interim Operations of the Company. {tc \\\l2 " VII.1  Interim Operations of
the Company. }Except (i) as contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) as disclosed
in the Company Disclosure Schedule; or (iii) with the prior written consent
of Acquiror, the Company covenants and agrees that between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time, (x) the business of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries shall be conducted only in the ordinary course and
(y) the Company shall, and the Company shall cause each of the Company
Subsidiaries to:   (a) not amend its certificate of incorporation, by-
laws or similar organizational documents;   (b) not (i) split, combine or
reclassify its capital stock; (ii) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or
other distribution payable in cash, stock or property with respect to
its capital stock, other than dividends and other distributions paid
or payable solely to the Company; (iii) except in satisfaction
of outstanding stock options or warrants or for grants of stock options or
awards of restricted stock under the Company Option Plan in an amount not to
exceed 55,000 shares, issue or sell any additional shares of capital stock
(including shares of Company Common Stock), or any securities or rights
convertible into, or exchangeable for, or options, warrants, calls,
commitments or rights of any kind to acquire, any shares of its capital
stock; or (iv) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly,
any shares of its capital stock;   (c) not (i) adopt any new Benefit Plan
or materially amend any existing Benefit Plan to increase benefits
thereunder, except as may be required by applicable Law or (ii) increase
any compensation or enter into or materially amend any
employment, severance, termination or similar agreement with any of its
present or future officers or directors, other than increases in the
ordinary course and consistent with past practices;   (d) except as may be
required or contemplated by this Agreement or in the ordinary course of
business not acquire, not sell, lease or dispose of any assets which, in the
aggregate, are material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole;   (e) not (i) incur or assume any Borrowed Money Indebtedness
except for (v) borrowings under the U.S. Facility in amounts which, when
aggregated with all other amounts then owed under such facility, would not
exceed the amount owed under such facility as of the date hereof including
accrued interest not yet due and payable thereon, (w) borrowings under the
German Facilities in amounts (including any overdraft amounts) which as of
the Effective Time, when aggregated with all other amounts (including any
overdraft amounts) then owed under such facilities would not exceed $5
million more than the aggregate amount owed under such facilities as of the
date hereof (including any overdraft amounts) including accrued interest not
yet due and payable thereon, or (x) trade financings under
existing agreements or entered into in the ordinary course of business,
(y) accrued interest not yet due and payable on any indebtedness of
the Company or the Company Subsidiaries outstanding on the date hereof
or permitted hereunder or (z) borrowings incurred to fund
Company Transaction Costs (as defined below, without regard to the
limitations of amount in such definition) which do not exceed $4,000,000 in
the aggregate; (ii) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or
responsible (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the material
obligations of any other person except in the ordinary course of business in
an amount not material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole; (iii) make any material loans, advances or capital contributions to,
or investments in, any other person other than customer financings under
existing agreements or entered into in the ordinary course of business; or
(iv) mortgage or pledge any of its material assets, tangible or intangible,
or create any material mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest
or encumbrance of any kind with respect to any such material asset;   (f)
not acquire (by merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any
corporation, partnership or other business organization or division thereof
or any equity interest therein;   (g) not adopt a plan of complete or
partial liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such
liquidation or a dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization; or   (h) not authorize or enter
into an agreement to do any of the foregoing;   (i) use commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve the business of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries intact, to retain the services of key management and to preserve
the goodwill of suppliers, customers, employees and others having
business relationships with the Company and the Company Subsidiaries;   (j)
comply in all material respects with all applicable Laws; or   (k) timely
and properly file all tax returns which are required to be filed, and pay or
make provision for the payment of all Taxes owed by the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries.   For the purposes of this Agreement:   (i) "U.S.
Facility" shall mean the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September
25, 2001, by and among Grove Worldwide, Inc. ("Grove Worldwide"), the
subsidiaries of Grove Worldwide listed on the signature pages thereof, Grove
Holdings, Inc, as a guarantor, the Company, as a guarantor, the Lenders (as
defined therein) and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as amended from time to time,
and any facilities entered into in replacement of such facility or in
connection with the refinancing of such facility; and   (ii) "German
Facilities" shall mean (i) the Commerzbank Facility Letter, dated September
11, 2000, between Commerzbank AG, Deutsche Grove GmbH, Grove Worldwide
Holdings GmbH and Grove Worldwide LLC, as amended from time to time (and any
facilities entered into in replacement of such facility or in connection with
the refinancing of such facility), and (ii) the Deutsche Bank Facility
Letter, dated November 14, 2000, between Deutsche Bank AG, Deutsche Grove
GmbH, Grove Worldwide Holdings GmbH and Grove Worldwide LLC, as amended
from time to time (and any facilities entered into in replacement of
such facility or in connection with the refinancing of such facility).   
ARTICLE VIII   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF  BUSINESS OF ACQUIROR{tc
\\\l1 " ARTICLE VIII  COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
OF ACQUIROR}   VIII.1 Interim Operations of Acquiror. {tc \\\l2 " VIII.1 
Interim Operations of Acquiror. }Except (i) as contemplated by this
Agreement; (ii) as disclosed in the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule; or (iii)
with the prior written consent of the Company, Acquiror covenants and agrees
that between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the business
of Acquiror and its subsidiaries shall be conducted only in the
ordinary course and:   (a) Acquiror shall not amend its certificate
of incorporation, by-laws or similar organizational documents in a
manner that adversely affects the rights of holders of Company Common
Stock;   (b) Acquiror shall not (i) split, reclassify or combine its
capital stock; (ii) other than in the ordinary course, declare, set aside or
pay any dividend or other distribution payable in cash, stock or property
with respect to its capital stock; (iii) other than  on a Form S-8, file any
registration statement (or similar document) to issue or sell in a registered
offering any additional shares of capital stock, or securities, or rights
convertible into, or exchangeable for, or options, warrants, calls,
commitments or rights of any kind to acquire, any shares of its capital
stock, unless holders of Company Common Stock are given the reasonable
opportunity to sell in such offering such shares of Acquiror Common Stock to
be issued to such holder in the Merger as if such shares of Acquiror Common
Stock had been issued to such holder and the terms of the Registration Rights
Agreement were effective and applied to such offering at such time; or (iv)
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of
its capital stock, other than in connection with cashless exercises of
options;   (c) unless such transaction could not be reasonably expected to
adversely affect (i) the ability of the parties to consummate the Merger or
(ii) the economic benefits to be received by holders of Company Common Stock
pursuant to the Merger, neither Acquiror nor any of its subsidiaries may,
except as may be required or contemplated by this Agreement or in the
ordinary course of business, acquire, sell, lease or dispose of (by means of
merger or otherwise) any assets which, in the aggregate, are material to
Acquiror and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;   (d) unless such
transaction could not be reasonably expected to adversely affect (i) the
ability of the parties to consummate the Merger or (ii) the economic benefits
to be received by holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Merger,
neither Acquiror nor any of its subsidiaries may acquire (by
merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any
corporation, partnership or other business organization or division thereof
or any equity interest therein;   (e) Acquiror may not adopt a plan of
complete or partial liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing
such liquidation or a dissolution, merger, consolidation,
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of Acquiror; or  
(f) neither Acquiror nor any of its subsidiaries, as applicable, may
authorize or enter into an agreement to do any of the foregoing.   
ARTICLE IX   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE IX  ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS}     IX.1 Access and Information; Confidentiality. {tc \\\l2 "
IX.1  Access and Information; Confidentiality. }(a) From the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, to the extent permitted by applicable Law,
Acquiror and the Company shall (i) afford to the other party and its
officers, directors, employees, accountants, consultants, legal counsel,
financial advisors, agents and other representatives (collectively, the
"Representatives") reasonable access during normal business hours upon
reasonable prior notice to the properties, offices and other facilities of
such party and its subsidiaries and to their books and records; and (ii)
furnish to the other party and its Representatives such information
concerning the business, properties, contracts, records and personnel of such
party and its subsidiaries (including financial, operating and other
data and information) as may be reasonably requested, from time to time,
by or on behalf of the other party. All information obtained by Acquiror,
the Company or any of their Representatives pursuant to this Section 9.1
shall be kept confidential in accordance with the letter agreement dated
December 5, 2001, between Salomon Smith Barney Inc. (on behalf of Grove
Worldwide Inc., a Delaware corporation) and Acquiror (the "Confidentiality
Agreement").   (b) The Company will retain material nonpublic information
disclosed to it about Acquiror in strict confidence, will disclose such
confidential information only to those of its Representatives who may need to
know such information for purposes of facilitating the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and will use such confidential
information and instruct its Representatives to use such confidential
information only for the purpose of consummating the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Company acknowledges that Acquiror is a
publicly traded company, and the Company is aware, and will advise
its Representatives, that federal and state securities laws prohibit
any person who has material, nonpublic information about a company
from purchasing or selling securities of such company or from
communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in
which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase
or sell such securities.   IX.2 Meeting of Stockholders. {tc \\\l2 " IX.2
Meeting of Stockholders. }   (a) The Company shall, in accordance with
applicable Law and its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, duly call,
give notice of, convene and hold the Company Stockholders Meeting, for
the purpose of considering the approval and adoption of this Agreement
and the Merger as soon as practicable following the date on which
the Registration Statement becomes effective; provided, however, that
the Company may, in its sole discretion, determine not to call, give notice
of or convene the Company Stockholders Meeting if the Company takes action to
allow the stockholders of the Company to act by written consent in lieu of
the Company Stockholders Meeting to the extent permitted by the DGCL. Subject
to the terms of Section 9.2(b), the Company Board shall recommend approval
and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by the Company stockholders and
shall not withdraw or modify such recommendation in a manner adverse
to Acquiror.   (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company Board may at
any time prior to the Effective Time (i) withdraw, modify or change any
recommendation or declaration regarding this Agreement or the Merger or (ii)
recommend and declare advisable any other offer or proposal, if in the
reasonable good faith judgment of the Company Board, after having taken into
account the advice of its legal counsel, the failure to so withdraw, modify
or change its recommendation and declaration regarding this Agreement or the
Merger or the failure to so recommend and declare advisable any other
offer or proposal would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to
the Company\'s stockholders under applicable Law.   IX.3 Registration
Statement; Proxy Statement. {tc \\\l2 " IX.3  Registration Statement; Proxy
Statement. }   (a) Proxy Statement. As promptly as practicable after the
date of this Agreement, the Company and Acquiror shall prepare a proxy
statement/information statement (together with all amendments and supplements
thereto, the "Proxy Statement") relating to the Merger and this Agreement
(and included in the Registration Statement as a prospectus) and furnish the
information required to be provided to the stockholders of the Company
pursuant to the DGCL. The Proxy Statement shall include the recommendation of
the Company Board to the stockholders of the Company in favor of this
Agreement and the Merger; provided, however, that the Company Board may, at
any time prior to the Effective Time, withdraw, modify or change any such
recommendation in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(b);
provided, further, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, such a withdrawal, modification or change shall
not relieve the Company in any way whatsoever of its obligations
under Sections 9.2 or 9.3 of this Agreement (other than the obligation
to include the recommendation of the Company Board in favor of
this Agreement and the Merger in the Proxy Statement).   (b) Registration
Statement. As promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, the
Company and Acquiror shall prepare, and Acquiror shall file with the SEC, a
registration statement on Form S-4 (together with all amendments and
supplements thereto, the "Registration Statement"), in which the Proxy
Statement shall be included as a prospectus, and Acquiror shall use
its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement
declared effective by the SEC as promptly as practicable after
filing. Acquiror shall obtain and furnish the information required to
be included in the Registration Statement and, after consultation with the
Company, respond promptly to any comments made by the SEC with respect to the
Registration Statement and cause the prospectus included therein, including
any amendment or supplement thereto, to be mailed to the Company\'s
stockholders at the earliest practicable date after the Registration
Statement is declared effective by the SEC; provided, however that no
amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement shall be made by
Acquiror without consultation with the Company and its counsel. Acquiror
shall promptly take any action required to be taken under foreign or state
securities or "blue sky" Laws in connection with the issuance of Acquiror
Common Stock in the Merger.   IX.4 Appropriate Action; Consents; Filings.
{tc \\\l2 " IX.4  Appropriate Action; Consents; Filings. }   (a) Reasonable
Best Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, the Company and Acquiror shall each use their respective
reasonable best efforts to promptly (i) take, or to cause to be taken, all
actions, and to do, or to cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with
the other parties in doing all things necessary, proper or advisable
under applicable Law or otherwise to consummate and make effective
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, unless the Company
Board has failed to make, withdrawn, modified or changed its
recommendation and declaration regarding the Merger and this Agreement; (ii)
obtain from any governmental authorities any actions, non-
actions, clearances, waivers, consents, approvals, permits or orders
required to be obtained by Acquiror, the Company or any of their
respective subsidiaries in connection with the authorization, execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger; (iii)
promptly make all necessary registrations and filings, and thereafter make
any other required submissions, with respect to this Agreement and
the Merger required under (A) any applicable federal or state
securities Laws, (B) the HSR Act and any applicable non-U.S. merger control
or competition Laws, and (C) any other applicable Law; provided,
however, that Acquiror and the Company will cooperate with each other
in connection with the making of all such filings, including
providing copies of all such filings and attachments to outside counsel for
the non-filing party; (iv) furnish all information required for
any application or other filing to be made pursuant to any applicable Law or
any applicable regulations of any governmental entity (including all
information required to be included in the Proxy Statement or
the Registration Statement) in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; (v) avoid the entry of, or have vacated or terminated, any
decree, order, or judgement that would restrain, prevent or delay the
Closing, including, without limitation, defending any lawsuits or other legal
proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; and (vi) execute
and deliver any additional instruments necessary to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No parties to this Agreement
shall consent to any voluntary delay of the consummation of the Merger
at the behest of any governmental entity without the consent of the
other parties to this Agreement, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld. Without limiting this Section 9.4(a), Acquiror agrees
to take any and all steps and to make any and all undertakings necessary to
avoid or eliminate each and every impediment under any United States
antitrust, merger control, competition, or trade regulation Law that may be
asserted by any governmental entity with respect to the Merger so as to
enable the Closing to occur as soon as reasonably possible (and in any event,
no later than the Termination Date (as defined herein)), including, without
limitation, proposing, negotiating, committing to, and effecting by consent
decree, hold separate order, or otherwise, the sale, divestiture, licensing
or disposition of such assets or businesses of Acquiror (or
its subsidiaries) or the Company (or its subsidiaries) or otherwise
taking or committing to take actions that limit Acquiror\'s or
its subsidiaries\' freedom of action with respect to, or their ability
to retain, any of the businesses, product lines or assets of Acquiror
(or its subsidiaries) or the Company (or its subsidiaries) in each case, as
may be required in order to avoid the entry of, or to effect the dissolution
of, any injunction, temporary restraining order, or other order in any suit
or proceeding, which would otherwise have the effect of preventing or
delaying the Closing.   (b) Prompt Notice. Each of the Company and
Acquiror shall give prompt notice to the other of (i) any written notice
or other communication from any person alleging that the consent of
such person is or may be required in connection with the Merger; (ii)
any written notice or other communication from any governmental entity
in connection with the Merger; (iii) any material litigation, relating to or
involving or otherwise affecting the Company, Acquiror or their subsidiaries
that relates to the consummation of the Merger; and (iv) any change or
development that is reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect or an Acquiror Material Adverse Effect.   (c) Third Party Notices and
Consents. Each of the Company and Acquiror shall give (or will cause their
respective subsidiaries to give) any notices to third persons, and use, and
cause their respective subsidiaries to use, reasonable efforts to obtain
any consents from third persons necessary to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   IX.5 Public Announcements.
{tc \\\l2 " IX.5 Public Announcements. }Acquiror and the Company shall
consult with each other and will mutually agree upon any press release or
public announcement pertaining to the Merger and shall not issue any
such press release or make any such public announcement prior to
such consultation and agreement, except as may be required by applicable Law
or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national
securities exchange or national automated quotation system, in which case the
party proposing to issue such press release or make such public announcement
shall consult in good faith with the other party before issuing any such
press release or making any such public announcement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event the Company Board fails to make, withdraws, modifies
or changes its recommendation and declaration regarding this Agreement as
provided under Section 9.2(b) hereof, neither party will any longer be
required to consult with, or obtain the agreement of, the other party in
connection with any press release or public announcement.   IX.6 Stock
Exchange Listing. {tc \\\l2 " IX.6 Stock Exchange Listing. }Acquiror will use
reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of Acquiror Common Stock to be
issued in the Merger to be approved for listing (subject to official notice
of issuance) on the NYSE prior to the Effective Time.   IX.7 Employee
Benefit Plans. {tc \\\l2 " IX.7 Employee Benefit Plans. }   (a) Benefits.
Following the Effective Time and for so long as an Affected Employee (as
defined below) remains in the employment of the Surviving Corporation or one
of its subsidiaries, Acquiror shall either: (i) provide to each individual
who is employed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary immediately prior to
the Effective Time and who continues as an employee of the
Surviving Corporation or one of its subsidiaries immediately following
the Effective Time (each such employee, an "Affected Employee")
benefits under the employee benefit plans, policies and arrangements in
which such Affected Employee participated immediately prior to the
Effective Time; or, in the alternative and at the discretion of
Acquiror, (ii) permit such Affected Employee to participate in, and provide
to such Affected Employee benefits under, employee benefit plans, policies
and arrangements that are substantially similar to those provided from time
to time by Acquiror and its subsidiaries generally to their similarly
situated employees. Nothing herein shall obligate Acquiror to maintain any
specific Benefit Plan of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries following
the Effective Time.    (b) Eligibility for Benefits. Acquiror shall, or
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, give to each Affected Employee
of the Company or of any Company Subsidiary credit for purposes
of eligibility to participate, eligibility for early retirement, disability
retirement, pre-retirement death benefits and vesting under any employee
benefit plans, programs, policies or arrangements maint- ained by Acquiror,
the Surviving Corporation or any ERISA Affiliate in which Affected Employees
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary participate after the Effective Time
for such persons\' service with the Company or any Company Subsidiary (or any
other employer to the extent credited by the Company) as though such prior
service had been provided to Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries.   (c)
Medical and Welfare Plan Obligations. Acquiror shall, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, (i) waive all limitations as to pre-existing
conditions, exclusions and waiting periods and service requirements with
respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to the Affected
Employees under any welfare benefit plans that such persons may be eligible
to participate in after the Effective Time, other than limitations, waiting
periods or service requirements that are already in effect with respect
to such persons and that have not been satisfied as of the Effective Time,
and (ii) provide each Affected Employee with credit for any co- payments and
deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time in satisfying any applicable
deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any welfare plans that such
persons are eligible to participate in after the Effective Time.   IX.8
Indemnification of Directors and Officers; Directors and Officers Insurance.
{tc \\\l2 " IX.8 Indemnification of Directors and Officers; Directors and
Officers Insurance. }   (a) Indemnification. From and after the Effective
Time, Acquiror shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to,
indemnify and hold harmless the individuals who at or prior to the
Effective Time were officers, directors, employees and agents of the Company
or the Company Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Indemnitees") with respect
to all acts or omissions by them in their capacities as such or taken at the
request of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries at any time at or
prior to the Effective Time, but only to the extent the Company or any
Company Subsidiary would be obligated to indemnify and hold harmless such
Indemnitee under the terms of its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or
similar organizational documents in effect on the date of this Agreement and
as permitted by applicable Law. An Indemnitee shall have a right to
participate in (but not control) the defense of any such matter with its own
counsel and at its own expense. Notwithstanding the right of the
Surviving Corporation to assume and control the defense of such
litigation, claim or proceeding, such Indemnitee shall have the right to
employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such
litigation, claim or proceeding, and the Surviving Corporation shall bear
the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel and
shall pay such fees, costs and expenses promptly after receipt of an
invoice from such Indemnitee if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the
Surviving Corporation to represent such Indemnitee would present such
counsel with a conflict of interest or (ii) such Indemnitee shall have
legal defenses available to it or to other Indemnitees which are
different from, or in addition to, those available to the Surviving
Corporation. The Surviving Corporation shall not settle any matter unless the
terms of the settlement provide that the Indemnitee shall have
no responsibility of the discharge of any settlement amount and impose
no other obligations or duties on the Indemnitee and that the
settlement discharges all rights against Indemnitee with respect to such
matter. From and after the Effective Time, Acquiror shall, or shall cause
the Surviving Corporation to, honor and not amend, repeal or
otherwise modify in a manner that would adversely affect the rights of
any Indemnitee all rights to indemnification, or exculpation, existing
in favor of an Indemnitee (including, without limitation, rights relating to
the advancement of expenses and indemnification rights to which such persons
are entitled because of services as a director, officer, agent or employee of
another entity at the request of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries) as provided under the applicable provision of the DGCL, the
certificate of incorporation of the Company, the by-laws of the Company, or
any indemnification agreement, in each case, as in effect on the date of this
Agreement.   (b) Liability Insurance. For a period of six (6) years after
the Effective Time, Acquiror shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to, maintain in effect directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
covering those persons who, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time,
are covered by the Company\'s and the Company Subsidiaries\' directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance policies (the "Insured Parties") on terms no
less favorable to the Insured Parties than those of the present directors\'
and officers\' liability insurance policies; provided, however, that Acquiror
shall not be obligated to make annual premium payments for such insurance
to the extent such premiums exceed 175% of the per annum rate of
premiums paid as of the date hereof by the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries for such insurance; provided further, that if such insurance
cannot be so maintained or obtained at such cost, Acquiror shall maintain
or obtain as much of such insurance as can be so maintained or obtained at a
cost equal to 175% of the current per annum premiums of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries for its directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance.   (c) Enforcement. Except as provided in Section 9.8(b) hereof,
the obligations of Acquiror under this Section 9.8 shall not be terminated or
modified in such a manner as to adversely affect any Indemnitee to whom this
Section 9.8 applies without the consent of the affected Indemnitee (it being
expressly agreed and understood that the Indemnitees and Insured Parties to
whom this Section 9.8 applies shall be third party beneficiaries of this
Section 9.8 and the provisions of this Section 9.8 shall be enforceable by
each Indemnitee and/or Insured Party and the heirs and representatives of
such persons and shall be binding on all successors and assigns of Acquiror,
the Company and the Surviving Corporation). In the event Acquiror or
the Surviving Corporation or any of their successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other person or entity and
shall not be the continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation
or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys a majority of its properties
and assets to any person or entity then, and in each case, proper provision
shall be made so that the successors, assigns and transferees of Acquiror or
the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, assume the obligations set
forth in this Section 9.8.   IX.9 Event Notices. {tc \\\l2 " IX.9 Event
Notices. }From the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, each
party hereto will promptly notify the other party hereto of (i) the
occurrence or nonoccurrence of any event of which it is aware the occurrence
or nonoccurrence of which would be likely to cause any condition to
the obligations of such party to effect the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement not to be satisfied
or (ii) the failure of such party to comply with any covenant or agreement
to be complied with by it pursuant to this Agreement which would be likely to
result in any condition to the obligations of such party to effect the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement not to be
satisfied. No delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 9.9 will cure
any breach of any representation or warranty of such party contained in this
Agreement or otherwise limit or affect the remedies available hereunder to
the party receiving such notice.   IX.10 Conveyance Taxes. {tc \\\l2 "
IX.10 Conveyance Taxes. }Acquiror and the Company shall cooperate in the
preparation, execution and filing of all returns, questionnaires,
applications, or other documents regarding (i) any real property transfer
gains, sales, use, transfer, value-added, stock transfer and stamp taxes,
(ii) any recording, registration and other fees, and (iii) any similar taxes
or fees that become payable in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby. The taxes described above shall be paid by Acquiror.   IX.11 No
Solicitation.{tc \\\l2 " IX.11 No Solicitation.}    (a) The Company shall
not, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries and use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Company\'s officers, directors, employees, consultants,
investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other agents and
representatives (collectively, the "Representatives") not to, directly or
indirectly: (i) encourage, solicit, initiate or facilitate the making of, or
take any other action to facilitate any inquires or the making of,
any proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any
Competing Transaction (as defined below); (ii) participate in any way in
discussions or negotiations with, or furnish or disclose any nonpublic
information to, any person (other than Acquiror) (a "Third Party") in
connection with any Competing Transaction; or (iii) enter into any agreement,
letter of intent or similar document contemplating or otherwise relating to
any Competing Transaction; provided, however, that this Section 9.11 shall
not prohibit the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or the Representatives
from:   (A) participating in discussions or negotiations with, or
furnishing or disclosing nonpublic information to, any Third Party in
response to an unsolicited, bona fide and written proposal that constitutes,
or may reasonably expected to lead to, a Competing Transaction that is
submitted to the Company by such Third Party if: (I) none of the Company, any
Company Subsidiary or any of the Representatives shall have violated any of
the provisions of this Section 9.11; (II) the Company Board determines in
good faith, after having taken into account the written advice of an
independent nationally recognized financial adviser, that such
Competing Transaction is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior
Competing Transaction; (III) at least two (2) business days prior
to participating in discussions or negotiations with, or furnishing
or disclosing any nonpublic information to, such Third Party, the
Company gives Acquiror written notice of the identity of such Third Party
and of the Company\'s intention to participate in discussions or
negotia- tions with, or furnish or disclose nonpublic information to,
such Third Party, and the Company receives from such Third Party an executed
confidentiality agreement containing terms no less restrictive than the terms
of the Confidentiality Agreement; and (IV) at least two (2) business days
prior to furnishing or disclosing any nonpublic information to such Third
Party, the Company furnishes such information to Acquiror (to the extent such
information has not previously been delivered or made available to Acquiror
by the Com- pany); or   (B) approving, recommending and entering into
a definitive agreement with respect to an unsolicited, bona fide and written
proposal or offer for a Competing Transaction that is submitted to the
Company if: (I) none of the Company, any of the Company Subsidiaries or any
of the Representatives have violated any of the provisions of this Section
9.11; (II) the Company provides Acquiror with written notice at least two (2)
business days prior to any meeting of the Company Board at which such Company
Board will consider whether such Competing Transaction constitutes a
Superior Competing Transaction; (III) the Company Board makes the
determination necessary for such Competing Transaction to constitute a
Superior Competing Transaction; and (IV) the Company does not enter into
a definitive agreement with respect to such Competing Transaction at
any time before the day that is the second business day after
Acquiror receives written notice from the Company stating that the
Company Board has determined such Competing Transaction constitutes a
Superior Competing Transaction.   (b) In addition to the obligations of the
Company set forth in Section 9.11(a), the Company promptly shall advise
Acquiror of any request for information relating to a Competing Transaction,
or any inquiry, proposal, discussions or negotiation with respect to
any Competing Transaction, and shall inform Acquiror of the terms
and conditions of such request, inquiry, proposal, discussion
or negotiation, and, if a proposal for a Competing Transaction is made, the
identity of the Third Party proposing such Competing Transaction. The Company
shall keep Acquiror fully informed of the status and general progress
(including amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request, inquiry,
proposal, discussions or negotiation with respect to a proposal for a
Competing Transaction. The Company promptly shall provide to Acquiror any
non-public information the Company provides to any Third Party in connection
with any Competing Transaction that has not previously been provided to
Acquiror.   (c) The Company shall, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries
and its Representatives to, immediately cease any discussions or negotiations
with any Third Parties that may be ongoing as of the date hereof with respect
to any Competing Transaction. The Company immediately shall request each
Third Party who has heretofore executed a confidentiality agreement in
connection with its consideration of acquiring the Company or any portion
thereof to return all confidential information heretofore furnished to such
Third Party by or on behalf of the Company.   (d) "Competing Transaction"
shall mean any proposal or offer from any Third Party (in each case, whether
or not in writing and whether or not delivered to the stockholders of the
Company generally) relating to: (i) any direct or indirect acquisition
or purchase of 50% or more of the assets of the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (ii) any tender offer or
exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any Third Party
acquiring beneficial ownership of 50% or more of any class of equity security
of the Company; or (iii) any merger, consolidation, business
combination, sale of substantially all of the assets,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving
the Company or any Company Subsidiary, which is structured to permit such
Third Party to acquire beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the
assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
more than 50% of any class of equity securities of the Company.   (e)
"Superior Competing Transaction" shall mean a bona fide written, fully-
financed (which, for the purposes of this Agreement, in the case of a
proposal requiring third-party financing, shall include the receipt of a
commitment letter from a reputable Third Party capable of financing the
transaction, subject to normal and customary conditions and exceptions),
proposal made by such Third Party to acquire more than eighty percent (80%)
of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, whether
pursuant to tender offer, merger, stock purchase or otherwise, or to acquire
more than eighty percent (80%) of the properties and assets of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in either case on terms and
conditions that the Company Board determines in good faith is more favorable
to the Company\'s stockholders from a financial point of view than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, after taking into account (i)
the written advice of an independent nationally recognized financial advisor,
(ii) all the terms and conditions of such proposal (including, without
limitation, any expense reimbursement provisions, termination fees and
conditions) and (iii) the likelihood of such proposal being consummated.  
IX.12 Affiliates. {tc \\\l2 " IX.12 Affiliates. }The Company shall use its
reasonable efforts to cause each of its directors and executive officers and
any other person who is an "affiliate" (for purposes of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act) of the Company to deliver to Acquiror, prior to the Effective
Time, a written agreement substantially in the form attached hereto at
Exhibit A, executed by each of such persons.   IX.13 No Implied
Representations or Warranties; Investigation. {tc \\\l2 " IX.13 No Implied
Representations or Warranties; Investigation. }   (a) No Implied
Representations and Warranties. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that
no party is making any representation or warranty whatsoever, express or
implied, except those representations and warranties explicitly set forth in
this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) except
for the express representations and warranties made by the Company in Article
V hereof, the Company makes no representation or warranty to Acquiror and
Merger Sub with respect to: (A) any projections, estimates or budgets
heretofore delivered to or made available to Acquiror or Merger Sub of future
revenues, expenses or expenditures or future results of operations; or (B)
any other information or documents (financial or otherwise) made available
to Acquiror or Merger Sub or their counsel, accountants or advisers
with respect to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and (ii) except for
the express representations and warranties made by the Acquiror Companies
pursuant to Article VI hereof, the Acquiror Companies make no representation
or warranty to the Company with respect to any information or documents
(financial or otherwise) made available to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or the Company\'s counsel, accountants or advisers with respect to
Acquiror and the Acquiror\'s subsidiaries.   (b) Investigation. No
investigation conducted by Acquiror and its Representatives of the business
and affairs of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, and no information
obtained by Acquiror as a result thereof, shall in any manner affect the
representations and warranties made by the Company pursuant to Article V of
this Agreement. Likewise, no investigation conducted by the Company and its
Representatives of the business and affairs of Acquiror and the Acquiror
subsidiaries, and no information obtained by the Company as a result thereof,
shall in any manner affect the representations and warranties made by the
Acquiror Companies pursuant to Article VI of this Agreement.   IX.14 Tax-
Free Merger. {tc \\\l2 " IX.14 Tax-Free Merger. }From the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, no party shall take or fail to take any
action, which action or failure would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Each of the
Company, Acquiror and Merger Sub shall use its reasonable best efforts,
and each agrees to cooperate with the other parties and provide one another
with such documentation, information and materials as may be reasonably
necessary, proper or advisable, to cause the Merger to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Following
the Merger, Acquiror shall not, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation not
to, take (or fail to take) any action that would reasonably be expected to
cause the Merger to fail to qualify as such a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   9.15 Lenders Consent{tc \\\l2
"9.15 Lenders Consent}. Acquiror shall use its best efforts to obtain as
promptly as practicable all authorizations, consents and approvals from
lenders under the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2001, among Acquiror,
the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bankers Trust Company, as
Administrative Agent (the "Credit Agreement") which are necessary for
Acquiror\'s execution and delivery of, and the performance of its
obligations under, this Agreement (the "Lenders Consent").    ARTICLE
X   CLOSING CONDITIONS{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE X CLOSING CONDITIONS}   X.1
Conditions to Obligations of Each Party Under This Agreement. {tc \\\l2 " X.1
Conditions to Obligations of Each Party Under This Agreement. }The respective
obligations of each party to effect the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby will be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Effective Time of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived
by the party entitled to the benefit thereof, in whole or in part, to
the extent permitted by applicable Law:   (a) Effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have been declared
effective in accordance with the provisions of the federal securities laws;
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
shall be in effect; and no proceedings for that purpose shall be
pending before or threatened by the SEC. Additionally, the shares of
the Acquiror Common Stock issuable to the Company stockholders shall
have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice
of issuance.   (b) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement and the
Merger shall have been approved and adopted by the stockholders of
the Company in accordance with Delaware Law.   (c) No Order. No court or
governmental entity having jurisdiction over the Company or Acquiror shall
have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law that is then
in effect and that has the effect of making the Merger illegal or
otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger substantially on the
terms contemplated by this Agreement.  (d) Regulatory Approvals. All
applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act shall have expired or been
terminated; and all applicable waiting periods under applicable non-U.S.
merger control or competition Laws listed on Schedule 10.1(d) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule shall have expired or been terminated (or, if applicable,
all applicable approvals under such Laws listed on Schedule 10.1(d) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule shall have been obtained).   X.2 Additional
Conditions to Obligations of the Acquiror Companies. {tc \\\l2 " X.2
Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Acquiror Companies. } The
obligations of the Acquiror Companies to effect the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction at or
prior to the Effective Time of the following additional conditions, any or
all of which may be waived by the Acquiror Companies, in whole or in part, to
the extent permitted by applicable Law:   (a) Representations and
Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of the Company
contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing Date as if made as of such time, except that, to
the extent such representations and warranties address matters only as of a
particular date, such representations and warranties shall, to such extent,
be true and correct as of such particular date as if made as of such
particular date; provided, however, that if any of such representations and
warranties shall not be true and correct as aforesaid, then this condition
shall nevertheless be deemed satisfied if the failure of such representation
and warranty to be true and correct shall not be reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. The Acquiror Companies shall have received
a certificate of an executive officer of the Company, dated as of
the Closing Date, to such effect.   (b) Agreements and Covenants. The
Company shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all
agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or
complied with by it at or prior to the Closing; provided, however,
that notwithstanding the above, the Company shall have complied in
all respects with the terms of Section 7.1(b) of this Agreement.
The Acquiror Companies shall have received a certificate of an
executive officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, to such effect.  
(c) Dissenters. Dissenting Shares shall represent less than 30% of all
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock as of the record date set for
determining shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote on approval of
this Agreement.   (d) Registration Rights Agreement. At the Closing,
the Company shall deliver to Acquiror registration rights
agreements substantially in the form attached hereto at Exhibit B
(the "Registration Rights Agreement") executed on behalf of holders of
at least 70% of the shares of Company Common Stock including
shares underlying outstanding Company Stock Options.   (e) Market Change.
There shall have been no material adverse change to the syndication market
for credit facilities similar in nature to the Incremental Senior Bank
Financing (as defined in the Financing Commitments) contemplated in the
Financing Commitments and there shall not have occurred and be continuing a
disruption of or an adverse change in the financial, banking, capital or loan
syndication markets that would have a material adverse effect on the
syndication of the Incremental Senior Bank Financing as a result of which
the Lenders (as defined in the Financing Commitments) do not provide
the Incremental Senior Bank Financing.   (f) Lenders Consent. Acquiror
shall have received the Lenders Consent.   X.3 Additional Conditions to
Obligations of the Company. {tc \\\l2 " X.3 Additional Conditions to
Obligations of the Company. }The obligations of the Company to effect the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following
additional conditions, any or all of which may be waived by the Company, in
whole or in part, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of
the Acquiror Companies contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as if made as of such time,
except that to the extent such representations and warranties address matters
only as of a particular date, such representations and warranties shall, to
such extent, be true and correct as of such particular date as if made as of
such particular date; provided, however, that if any of such representations
and warranties shall not be true and correct as aforesaid, then this
condition shall nevertheless be deemed satisfied if the failure of such
representation and warranty to be true and correct shall not be reasonably
likely to have an Acquiror Material Adverse Effect. The Company shall have
received a certificate of an executive officer of each of the Acquiror
Companies, dated the Closing Date, to such effect.   (b) Agreements and
Covenants. The Acquiror Companies shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by them at or prior to the
Closing. The Company shall have received a certificate of an executive
officer of each of the Acquiror Companies, dated the Closing Date, to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. The Company shall have received the opinion of
its tax counsel, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom (Illinois), dated as of
the Closing Date, to the effect that the Merger will qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering
such opinion, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom (Illinois) may rely upon
and require such certificates of the Acquiror, the Company and Merger Sub
and/or their officers it deems necessary in its reasonable discretion. The
specific provisions of each such certificate shall be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to such tax counsel rendering such opinion, and each
such certificate shall be dated on or before the date of such opinion
and shall not have been withdrawn or modified in any material
respect.     ARTICLE XI   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND EXPENSES{tc \\\l1 "
ARTICLE XI  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND EXPENSES}   XI.1 Termination. {tc
\\\l2 " XI.1 Termination. }This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
approval of this Agreement and the Merger by the stockholders of the
Company:   (a) by mutual consent of Acquiror and the Company;   (b) by
Acquiror, upon a material breach of any covenant or agreement on the part of
the Company set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty
of the Company hereunder shall be or become untrue, in any case such that the
conditions set forth in Section 10.2(a) or Section 10.2(b) would not be
satisfied (a "Terminating Company Breach"); provided that, if such
Terminating Company Breach is curable by the Company through the exercise of
its reasonable efforts within thirty (30) days, and the Company continues to
exercise such reasonable efforts and the matter is cured within such thirty
(30) day period, Acquiror may not terminate this Agreement under this Section
11.1(b);   (c) by the Company, upon material breach of any covenant
or agreement on the part of the Acquiror Companies set forth in
this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of the
Acquiror Companies shall be or become untrue, in any case such that
the conditions set forth in Section 10.3(a) or Section 10.3(b) would not be
satisfied (a "Terminating Acquiror Breach"); provided that, if
such Terminating Acquiror Breach is curable by the Acquiror
Companies through the exercise of their reasonable efforts within thirty
(30) days, and the Acquiror Companies continue to exercise such
reasonable efforts and the matter is cured within such thirty (30) day
period, the Company may not terminate this Agreement under this
Section 11.1(c);   (d) by either Acquiror or the Company, if there shall
be any order of a court or governmental entity having jurisdiction over
a party hereto which is final and nonappealable permanently
enjoining, restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, unless
the party relying on such order has not complied with its obligations under
Section 9.4;   (e) by either Acquiror or the Company, if the Effective Time
shall not have occurred on or before September 30, 2002 (the "Termination
Date"); provided, further, that the right to terminate this Agreement under
this Section 11.1(e) shall not be available to any party whose failure to
fulfill any obligation under this Agreement has been a cause of, or resulted
in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur before the Termination
Date;   (f) by either Acquiror or the Company, if the Company calls and
holds a Company Stockholders Meeting and this Agreement and the Merger shall
fail to receive the requisite approval of the stockholders of the Company at
such Company Stockholders Meeting;   (g) by either Acquiror or the Company,
if the Company solicits the written consent of the stockholders of the
Company to approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger in lieu of calling
the Company Stockholders Meeting and this Agreement and the Merger
shall fail to receive the requisite approval of the stockholders of
the Company at the expiration time for submitting such consents (it
being agreed and understood that the Company shall have sole discretion
to determine such expiration time for the submission of
written consents);   (h) by the Company, if the Company\'s Board shall
have approved, recommended or endorsed any Superior Competing Transaction or
resolved to do any of the foregoing in accordance with the provisions of
Section 9.11 of this Agreement; or   (i) by the Company, if, within 60 days
from the date hereof, Acquiror shall not have obtained the Lender Consent and
(i) delivered to the Company a certificate of an executive officer
of Acquiror to such effect and (ii) irrevocably waived its condition
to Closing set forth in Section 10.2(f).   XI.2 Effect of Termination. {tc
\\\l2 " XI.2 Effect of Termination. }Except (i) as provided in this Section
11.2, and (ii) for the agreements contained in Section 11.5 and
the Confidentiality Agreement, in the event of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.1, this Agreement shall
forthwith become void, and there will be no liability on the part of
the Acquiror Companies or the Company or any of their respective officers or
directors to the other and all rights and obligations of any party hereto
will cease, except that nothing herein will relieve any party from liability
for any willful breach, prior to termination of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms, of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
contained in this Agreement.   XI.3 Amendment. {tc \\\l2 " XI.3 Amendment.
}This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto by action taken by or on
behalf of their respective boards of directors at any time prior to
the Effective Time; provided, however, that, after approval of the Merger by
the stockholders of the Company, no amendment may (i) alter or change the
amount or kind of shares, securities, cash, property and/or rights to be
received in exchange for all or any of the Company Common Stock; (ii) alter
or change any term of the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation; or (iii) alter or change any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement if such alteration or change would adversely affect any holders of
shares of Company Common Stock. This Agreement may not be amended except by
an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.   XI.4 Waiver. {tc
\\\l2 " XI.4 Waiver. }At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party
hereto may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations
or other acts of the other party hereto; (b) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warran- ties of the other party contained herein or in
any document delivered pursuant hereto; and (c) waive compliance by the other
party with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any such
extension or waiver will be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed by the party or parties to be bound thereby. For purposes
of this Section 11.4, the Acquiror Companies will be deemed to be
one party.   XI.5 Fees and Expenses.{tc \\\l2 " XI.5 Fees and
Expenses.}   (a) In the event that this Agreement shall be terminated
by either party pursuant to Section 11.1(f) or Section 11.1(g) and, at the
time of such termination, all conditions of the parties to consummate the
Merger (other than the conditions set forth in Sections 10.1(b), 10.1(d) and
10.2(d)) have been fully satisfied, then the Company shall reimburse Acquiror
for all reasonable fees, costs and expenses incurred by Acquiror in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including,
without limitation, filing fees paid by Acquiror to regulatory agencies, fees
of Acquiror\'s investment bankers, consultants, financial advisers, legal
counsel, accountants and other agents and representatives incurred
in connection with the analysis and assessment of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the preparation and submission
of indications of interest and a binding bid with respect to
those transactions, and the negotiation and execution of, and
preparation for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by,
this Agreement, up to a maximum amount of $2,500,000 ("Acquiror
Transaction  Costs"); provided, however, that the Company shall not be
required to reimburse Acquiror for any Acquiror Transaction Costs if the
Average Closing Sales Price for the 10 consecutive NYSE trading days prior
to either (x) the Company Stockholders Meeting or (y) the expiration
time for stockholder\'s of the Company to submit written consents in lieu
of a meeting with regard to approving and adopting this Agreement and
the Merger, as applicable, was less than $31.20. Promptly following
such termination of this Agreement, Acquiror shall prepare and deliver
to the Company a certificate executed by an officer of Acquiror certifying
the amount of the Acquiror Transaction Costs. Within five (5) business days
of the Company\'s receipt of that certificate, the Company shall make a
reimbursement payment to Acquiror in immediately available funds in an amount
equal to the amount of the Acquiror Transaction Costs.   (b) In the event
that this Agreement shall be terminated by the Company pursuant to Section
11.1(i), then Acquiror shall reimburse the Company for all reasonable fees,
costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
fees of the Company\'s investment bankers, consultants, financial advisers,
legal counsel, accountants and other agents and representatives incurred
in connection with the preparation for and evaluation of indications
of interest and bids related to those transactions, and the negotiation and
execution of, and preparation for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by, this Agreement ("Company Transaction Costs") up to a maximum
amount of $2,500,000.   (c) In the event that this Agreement shall be
terminated:   (i) by the Company pursuant to Section 11.1(e) and, at or
prior to such time, the Company Stockholders Meeting shall not have
occurred and, from and after the date hereof and at or prior to the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.1(e), a proposal for
a Competing Transaction shall have been received by the Company and, within
nine (9) months after such termination, the Company enters into an agreement
with respect to such proposal for a Competing Transaction;   (ii) by either
party pursuant to Sections 11.1(f) or 11.1(g) and, from and after the date
hereof and at or prior to the time of the failure of the stockholders of the
Company to approve and adopt the Merger and this Agreement, a proposal for a
Competing Transaction shall have been received by the Company, and within
nine (9) months after such termination, the Company enters into an agreement
with respect to such proposal for a Competing Transaction; or   (iii) by
the Company pursuant to Section 11.1(h) then the Company shall pay Acquiror
promptly (but in no event later than 5 business days after the occurrence of
the event requiring such payment) a fee of $7,000,000 (less the amount of
any reimbursement payment previously made by the Company to Acquiror pursuant
to Section 11.5(a) of this Agreement) (the "Fee"), which amount shall be
payable in immediately available funds.   (d) Except as set forth in this
Section 11.5, all expenses incurred by the parties hereto will be borne
solely and entirely by the party which has incurred such expenses; provided,
however, that Acquiror shall pay the expenses related to printing, filing
and mailing the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement and all
SEC and other regulatory filing fees (including any HSR or non-U.S.
merger control or competition Law filing fees) incurred in connection
with the Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement and the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (e) In the event that a party shall
fail to pay the Fee when due, the Fee shall be deemed to include the costs
and expenses actually incurred or accrued by the party to whom the Fee is
due (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel)
in connection with the collection under and enforcement of this Section 11.5,
together with interest on such unpaid Fee, commencing on the date that the
Fee became due, at a rate equal to the rate of interest publicly announced by
Citibank, N.A., from time to time, in the City of New York, as such bank\'s
Base Rate plus 2%.   ARTICLE XII   GENERAL PROVISIONS{tc \\\l1 " ARTICLE
XII  GENERAL PROVISIONS}   XII.1 Interpretation. {tc \\\l2 " XII.1
Interpretation. }   (a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to a
section or article, such reference shall be to a section or article of
this Agreement unless otherwise clearly indicated to the contrary.   (b)
Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation."   (c) The words "hereof", "hereby", "herein" and
"herewith" and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated,
be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
provision of this Agreement, and article, section, paragraph, exhibit and
schedule references are to the articles, sections, paragraphs, exhibits and
schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.   (d) The words
"knowledge," or "known to," or similar terms, when used in this Agreement to
qualify any representation or warranty, refers to the actual (and not imputed
or constructive) knowledge or conscious awareness of certain specific facts
or circumstances related to such representation or warranty of the persons in
the Applicable Knowledge Group (as defined herein), without any further
inquiry, investigation or due diligence on the part of any such person.
For the purposes hereof, the "Applicable Knowledge Group" with respect
to the Company shall be the executive officers of the Company listed
in Section 12.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. For the
purposes hereof, the "Applicable Knowledge Group" with respect to the
Acquiror Companies shall be the persons listed in Section 12.1(d) of
the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule.   (e) The word "subsidiary" shall mean
any entity of which at least a majority of the outstanding shares or other
equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors
or comparable managers of such entity is owned, directly or indirectly, by
another entity or person. The words "Company Subsidiary" shall mean any
subsidiary of the Company.   (f) The plural of any defined term shall have a
meaning correlative to such defined term, and words denoting any gender
shall include all genders. Where a word or phrase is defined herein, each of
its other grammatical forms shall have a corresponding meaning.   (g) A
reference to any legislation or to any provision of any legislation shall
include any modification or re-enactment thereof, any legislative provision
substituted therefor and all regulations and statutory instruments issued
thereunder or pursuant thereto.   (h) The parties have participated jointly
in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party
by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement.   XII.2
Termination of Representations and Warranties. {tc \\\l2 " XII.2 Termination
of Representations and Warranties. }The representations and warranties in
this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement will
terminate at, and will have no further force and effect after, the Effective
Time.   XII.3 Notices. {tc \\\l2 " XII.3 Notices. }Any notice, request,
instruction or other document to be given hereunder by any party to another
party shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered
personally, upon receipt of a transmission confirmation (with a confirming
copy sent by overnight courier) if sent by facsimile or like transmission,
and on the next business day when sent by Federal Express, United Parcel
Service, Express Mail or other reputable overnight courier, as follows:  
(a) If to either of the Acquiror Companies, to:  The Manitowoc Company,
Inc. 500 South 16th Street Manitowoc, WI 54221 (920) 683-8123
(telecopier) (920) 683-8166 (telephone) Attention: Maurice D. Jones, General
Counsel  with a copy to:  Quarles and Brady LLP 411 East Wisconsin
Avenue Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (414) 271-3552 (telecopier) (414)
277-5000 (telephone) Attention: Fredrick G. Lautz   (b) If to the Company,
to:  Grove Investors, Inc. 1565 Buchanan Trail East Shady Grove PA
17256-0021 (717) 593-5001 (telecopier) (717) 593-5190
(telephone) Attention: General Counsel  with a copy to:  Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher and Flom (Illinois) 333 West Wacker Drive Chicago, Illinois
60606 Attn: Brian W. Duwe (312) 407-0411 (telecopier) (312) 407-0700
(telephone)    or to such other persons or addresses as may be designated
in writing by the party to receive such notice. Nothing in this section shall
be deemed to constitute consent to the manner and address for service
of process in connection with any legal proceeding (including
litigation arising out of or in connection with this Agreement), which
service shall be effected as required by applicable Law.   XII.4 Headings.
{tc \\\l2 " XII.4 Headings. }The headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and will not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.   XII.5 Severability. {tc \\\l2 " XII.5
Severability. }If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy,
all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement will
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or
legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected
in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that
any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced, the parties hereto will negotiate in good faith to modify this
Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible in an acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated
hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.   XII.6 Entire Agreement. {tc
\\\l2 " XII.6 Entire Agreement. }This Agreement, including the Company
Disclosure Schedules and the Acquiror Disclosure Schedules, and
the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement of
the parties, and supersede all prior agreements and undertakings,
both written and oral, among the parties, with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof.   XII.7 Assignment. {tc \\\l2 " XII.7 Assignment.
}This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon,
and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns, but neither this Agreement, nor
any of the rights, interests, or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by
operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties hereto without the prior
written consent of the other parties.   XII.8 Parties in Interest{tc \\\l2 "
XII.8 Parties in Interest}. This Agreement shall be, except as provided in
Section 9.8(c), binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each
party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended
to or will confer upon any other person any right, benefit or remedy of any
nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.      XII.9
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative{tc \\\l2 " XII.9
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative}. No failure or delay
on the part of any party hereto in the exercise of any right hereunder will
impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of, or acquiescence in, any
breach of any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant herein, nor
will any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude other
or further exercise thereof or of any other right. All rights and remedies
existing under this Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive to, and
not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.  XII.10
Governing Law{tc \\\l2 " XII.10 Governing Law}. This Agreement and the
agreements, instruments and documents contemplated hereby will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to the conflicts of law provision thereof.    XII.11
Counterparts{tc \\\l2 " XII.11 Counterparts}. This Agreement may be executed
in multiple counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when executed will be deemed to be an original
but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same
agreement.           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto
has caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above
by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.  GROVE INVESTORS,
INC.    By: __________________________ Name: Title:   THE MANITOWOC
COMPANY, INC.   By: __________________________ Name: Title:   GIRAFFE
ACQUISITION, INC.    By:
__________________________ Name: Title:            EXHIBIT A  
GROVE INVESTORS, INC.  AFFILIATE LETTER   The Manitowoc Company, Inc. 500
South 16th Street Manitowoc, WI 54221  Ladies and Gentlemen:   I have
been advised that as of the date of this letter I may be deemed to be an
"affiliate" of Grove Investors Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
as the term "affiliate" is defined for purposes of paragraphs (c) and (d) of
Rule 145 of the rules and regulations (the "Rules and Regulations") of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 18, 2002
(the "Merger Agreement"), between the Company, The Manitowoc Company, Inc., a
Wisconsin corporation ("Acquiror"), and Giraffe Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror ("Merger Sub"), Merger
Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger").   As a result
of the Merger, I may receive shares of common stock, par value $.01 per
share, of Acquiror (the "Acquiror Common Stock") in exchange for shares owned
by me of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company (or upon the
exercise of options for such shares of the Company).   I hereby represent
and warrant to, and covenant with, Acquiror that in the event I receive any
Acquiror Common Stock as a result of the Merger:   1. I shall not make any
sale, transfer or other disposition of the Acquiror Common Stock in violation
of the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations.   2. I have carefully
read this letter and the Merger Agreement and discussed the requirements of
such documents and other applicable limitations upon my ability to sell,
transfer or otherwise dispose of the Acquiror Common Stock, to the extent
I felt necessary, with my counsel or counsel for the Company.   3. I have
been advised that the issuance of Acquiror Common Stock to me pursuant to the
Merger has been, or will be, registered with the Commission under the
Securities Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-4. However, I have also
been advised that, since at the time the Merger was submitted for a vote of
the stockholders of the Company, (i) I may be deemed to have been an
affiliate of the Company and (ii) the distribution by me of the Acquiror
Common Stock has not been registered under the Securi- ties Act, I may not
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Acquiror Common Stock issued to me
in the Merger unless (x) such sale, transfer or other disposition has been
registered under the Securities Act, (y) such sale, transfer or other
disposition is made in conformity with Rule 145 (as such rule may be
hereafter amended) of the Rules and Regulations, or (z) Acquiror shall
have received either an opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel shall
be reasonably acceptable to Acquiror, or a "no action" letter obtained by me
from the staff of the Commission, to the effect that such sale, transfer or
other disposition is otherwise exempt from registration under the Securities
Act.   4. I understand that [, except as set forth in the Stock Restriction
and Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of ________, 2002, between
Acquiror and certain shareholders of the Company,] Acquiror is under no
obligation to register the sale, transfer or other disposition of the
Acquiror Common Stock by me or on my behalf under the Securities Act or,
except as provided below, to take any other action necessary in order to make
compliance with an exemption from such registration available.   5. I also
understand that there will be placed on the certificates for the Acquiror
Common Stock issued to me, or any substitutions therefor, a legend stating in
substance:  "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED IN
A TRANSACTION TO WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
APPLIES, AND MAY ONLY BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 145 OR PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THAT
ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION."   6. I also understand that
unless the transfer by me of my Acquiror Common Stock has been registered
under the Securities Act or is a sale made in conformity with the provisions
of Rule 145, Acquiror reserves the right to place the following legend on
the certificates issued to my transferee:  "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND
WERE ACQUIRED FROM A PERSON WHO RECEIVED SUCH SHARES IN A TRANSACTION TO
WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 APPLIES.
THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE HOLDER NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR
FOR RESALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION THEREOF WITHIN THE MEANING
OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933."   It is understood and agreed
that the legends set forth in paragraphs 5 and 6 above shall be removed by
delivery of substitute certificates without such legend if such legend is not
required for purposes of the Securities Act or this Agreement. It is
understood and agreed that such legends referred to above will be removed
if (i) evidence or representations satisfactory to Acquiror that
the Acquiror Common Stock represented by such certificates are being or have
been sold in a transaction made in conformity with the provisions of Rule
145(d) (as such rule may be hereafter amended), (ii) Acquiror has received
either an opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel shall be reasonably
satisfactory to Acquiror, or a "no action" letter obtained by me from the
staff of the Commission, to the effect that the restrictions imposed by Rule
145 under the Securities Act no longer apply to me, (iii) one year shall
have elapsed from the date I acquired the Acquiror Common Stock received in
the Merger and the provisions of Rule 145(d)(2) are then available to me, or
(iv) two years shall have elapsed from the date I acquired the Acquiror
Common Stock received in the Merger and the provisions of Rule 145(d)(3) are
then applicable to me.   By Acquiror\'s acceptance of this letter, Acquiror
hereby agrees for so long as and to the extent necessary to permit me
to sell the Acquiror Common Stock pursuant to Rule 145 and, to the extent
applicable, Rule 144 under the Act, Acquiror shall (a) use its reasonable
efforts to (i) file, on a timely basis, all reports and data required to be
filed with the Commission by it pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and (ii) furnish to me
upon request a written statement as to whether Acquiror has complied with
such reporting requirements during the 12 months preceding any proposed sale
of the Acquiror Common Stock by me under Rule 145, and (b) otherwise use its
reasonable efforts to permit such sales pursuant to Rule 145 and Rule 144.
Acquiror hereby represents to me that it has filed all reports required to be
filed with the Commission under Section 13 of the Exchange Act during the
preceding 12 months.   This letter agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. This
letter agreement shall terminate if and when the Merger Agreement
is terminated according to its terms.   Execution of this letter should not
be considered an admissions on my part that I am an "affiliate" of the
Company as described in the first paragraph of this letter, or as a waiver
of any rights I may have to object to any claim that I am such an affiliate
on or after the date of this letter.  Very truly
yours,           Accepted this ___ day of ____________, 2002
by   THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.   By: __________________________ 
Name:  Title:      EXHIBIT B      STOCK RESTRICTION AND
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT   Dated as of _________, 2002   By and
Among   The Manitowoc Company, Inc.   and   The Shareholders Listed  
On The Signature Pages Hereto          TABLE OF CONTENTS    
Page  ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS ........................................
2  ARTICLE 2 TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS; REGISTRATION RIGHTS ..........
5  Section 2.1 Restrictions on Sale. ..............................
5  Section 2.2 Underwritten Offering...............................
7  Section 2.3 Piggyback Registration. ........................
12  Section 2.4 Obligations of the Company in Connection with a  
Registration. .................................. 16  Section 2.5
Information........................................ 20  Section 2.6
Indemnification and Contribution ...................21  Section 2.7
Assignment of Registration Rights .............. 26  Section 2.8 "Market
Stand-Off" Agreement ................... 27  Section 2.9 Termination of
Registration Obligation ......... 27  ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES
AND COVENANTS OF THE   SHAREHOLDERS
.......................................28  Section 3.1 Authority
....................................... 28  Section 3.2 Legend
............................................ 28  Section 3.3 Notification
.......................................29  ARTICLE 4 MISCELLANEOUS
....................................... 29  Section 4.1 Successors and
Assigns..............................29  Section 4.2 No Inconsistent
Agreements ........................ 29  Section 4.3 Remedies
....................................... 30  Section 4.4 Governing Law
.................................. 30  Section 4.5
Counterparts....................................... 30  Section 4.6 Titles
and Subtitles ............................. 31  Section 4.7 Notices
............................................31  Section 4.8 Expenses
....................................... 31  Section 4.9 Amendments and
Waivers............................. 32  Section 4.10
Severability....................................... 32  Section 4.11 Entire
Agreement .................................. 32  Section 4.12 Survival of
Representations, Warranties   and
Agreements...................................33  Section 4.13 Shareholders
Representative........................ 33          STOCK RESTRICTION
AND REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT   THIS STOCK RESTRICTION AND REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT (the  "Agreement") is made as of _______, 2002, by and
among The  Manitowoc Company Inc. (together with its successors,
the  "Company") and each of the shareholders of the Company listed on  the
signature pages hereof and such other shareholders of the  Company as may,
from time to time, become parties to this Agreement  in accordance with the
provisions hereof (collectively, the  "Shareholders").   RECITALS  
WHEREAS, the Company and Grove Investors, Inc. ("Grove") are  parties to
that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of  March 18, 2002 (the
"Merger Agreement") pursuant to which a wholly  owned subsidiary of the
Company will merge with and into Grove (the  "Merger") and Grove will become
a wholly owned subsidiary of the  Company and the Shareholders will acquire
newly issued or treasury  shares of Common Stock (as defined below); and  
WHEREAS, to induce the Shareholders to approve the Merger  Agreement and the
transactions described therein, the Company  wishes to grant to the
Shareholders the right to cause the Company  to register for resale certain
shares of Common Stock issued and  issuable to the Shareholders; and  
WHEREAS, to induce the Company to enter into this Agreement,  the
Shareholders wish to make the representations and agree to the  restrictions
provided herein.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises
and  covenants set forth herein, and other good and
valuable  consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby  acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:     ARTICLE
1   DEFINITIONS   As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the  meanings specified:   "1933 Act": the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the  rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as shall
be in  effect at the time.   "1934 Act": the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended,  and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all
as shall  be in effect at the time.   "Affiliate": with respect to any
specified Person, any other  Person that directly or indirectly, through one
or more  intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common  control with, such specified Person.   "Approved Underwriter": as
defined in Section 2.2(b) hereof.   "Broker": as defined in Section 2.1(b)
hereof.   "Business Day": any day other than Saturdays, Sundays and
days  on which banking institutions located in Wisconsin are
authorized  by law or other governmental action to be closed, unless
there  shall have been an offering of the Common Stock registered
under  the 1933 Act, in which case "Business Day" shall mean (a) if
the  Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading on a
national  securities exchange, a day on which the principal
national  securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or
admitted  to trading is open for business or (b) if the Common Stock is
not  so listed or admitted to trading, a day on which the New York
Stock  Exchange is open for business.   "Closing Date": the date on which
the transactions  contemplated by the Merger Agreement are consummated in
accordance  with the terms thereof.      "Common Stock": the common
stock of the Company, par value  $.01 per share, and any class of securities
issued in exchange  therefor or into which the Common Stock is
converted.   "Demand": as defined in Section 2.2(a) hereof.   "Fully
Diluted Basis": calculation of the number of  securities of the Company
after giving effect to (x) all shares of  Common Stock then outstanding, (y)
all shares of Common Stock  issuable upon the exercise of any then
outstanding option, warrant  or similar right and (z) all shares of Common
Stock issuable upon  the exercise of any conversion or exchange right
contained in any  then outstanding security convertible into or exchangeable
for  shares of Common Stock.   "Holder": any owner of Registrable
Securities (including any  Shareholder) or any assignee thereof pursuant to
Section 2.7  hereof.   "Holders\' Counsel": one counsel for the selling
Holders, which  counsel shall be selected by a majority in interest of
all  participating Holders.   "Person": an individual, a partnership, a
limited liability  partnership, a limited liability company, a joint
venture, a  corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization or
a  government or any department or agency thereof.   "Piggyback
Registration": a registration of Registrable  Securities pursuant to Section
2.3 hereof.   "Registrable Securities": (i) all shares of Common Stock
that  the Company issues to the Shareholders pursuant to the terms of
the  Merger Agreement or issues upon exercise of any Acquiror Options  (as
such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) issued to  Shareholders
pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement;  (ii) all shares of Common
Stock issued as (or issued upon the     conversion or exercise of any
warrant, right or other security  which is issued as) a dividend or other
distribution with respect  to, or in exchange for or in replacement of, the
shares described  in clauses (i) and (iii) hereof; and (iii) any shares of
Common  Stock issued by way of a stock split of the shares described in
the  foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), excluding in all cases, however,  any
shares of Common Stock which (x) have been disposed of pursuant  to the
terms of Section 2.1(b) or (y) are registered under an  effective
registration statement under the 1933 Act covering such  Registrable
Securities.   "Registration Expenses": all expenses incident to
the  Company\'s performance of, or compliance with, Sections 2.2
through  2.8 hereof, which shall include, without limitation, the
following  costs and expenses, whether or not the Company is
otherwise  expressly required to pay such amounts in Sections 2.2 through
2.8  hereof: (i) all registration, filing and NASD fees, (ii) all
stock  exchange listing fees, (iii) all fees and expenses of
complying  with securities or blue sky laws, (iv) all word
processing,  duplicating, printing and electronic filing expenses, (v)
all  messenger and delivery expenses, (vi) the fees and disbursements
of  Company\'s counsel and the Company\'s independent public
accountants,  including the expenses of any special audits or "cold
comfort"  letters required by or incident to such performance and
compliance,  (vii) premiums and other costs of policies of insurance (if
any)  against liabilities arising out of the public offering of
the  Registrable Securities being registered if the Company desires
such  insurance, (viii) any fees or disbursements of
underwriters  customarily paid by issuers or sellers of securities,
including 50%  of any underwriting discounts and commissions and transfer
taxes,  if any, and (ix) any expenses incurred for any "road show" or
other     marketing efforts undertaken by the underwriters.   "Resale
Registration Period": the period commencing 90 days  after the Closing Date
and continuing for a period of 12 calendar  months thereafter, or, if
earlier, until the date on which Holders  hold fewer than 500,000 shares of
Registrable Securities.   "Resale Registration Statement": as defined in
Section 2.2(a)  hereof.   "SEC": the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission.   "SEC Reports": all reports filed or to be filed by
the  Company with the SEC during the two years preceding the date of  this
Agreement pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Act,  as such
documents may have been amended or supplemented since the  time of their
filing, and including any such document filed with  the SEC after the date
hereof.   "Shareholders Representative": as defined in Section
4.13  hereof.   "Suspension Event": as defined in Section 2.2(d)
hereof.   "Suspension Notice": as defined in Section 2.2(d) hereof.  
"Suspension Period": as defined in Section 2.2(d) hereof.   ARTICLE 2  
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS; REGISTRATION RIGHTS   Section 2.1 Restrictions on
Sale.   (a) Transfer Restrictions Within Ninety Days of Closing  Date.
Each Shareholder covenants and agrees that, prior to the  commencement of
the Resale Registration Period, such Shareholder  will not, whether or not
then prohibited by law or regulation,  sell, offer to sell, solicit offers
to buy, dispose of, loan,  pledge or grant any option for the purchase of
(collectively, a  "Disposition") the Registrable Securities, nor will
such  Shareholder engage in any hedging transaction which would result
in     a Disposition of the Registrable Securities by the
Shareholder.  Such prohibited hedging transaction would include,
without  limitation, effecting any short sale (whether or not such
short  sale is against the box) of Registrable Securities or
maintaining  any short position in shares of Common Stock entered
into  subsequent to the execution of the Merger Agreement.   (b) Transfer
During Resale Registration Period. During  the Resale Registration Period,
if any Holder intends to effect a  Disposition of any Registrable Securities
other than pursuant to an  underwritten offering or a Piggyback Registration
as described in  Sections 2.2 and 2.3, respectively, of this Agreement, such
Holder  shall effect such Disposition only through the broker selected
by  the Company from the list of pre-approved brokerage firms attached  as
Appendix A to this Agreement1 ("Broker") in secondary market  transactions.
The Broker will comply with standing instructions  that the aggregate volume
of Registrable Securities to be sold by  it during any calendar week may not
exceed twenty-five percent  (25%) of the "average weekly trading volume" of
the Company\'s  publicly traded securities of the same class as the
Registrable  Securities (the "Resale Threshold"). For this purpose,
"average  weekly trading volume" shall mean the average weekly trading
volume  of the relevant class of the Company\'s securities on the
national  securities exchange or over-the-counter market on which they
trade,  calculated over the immediately preceding eight
consecutive  calendar weeks but excluding any Registrable Securities
sold  pursuant to this Agreement. If the Broker receives orders
from  Holders for the sale of Registrable Securities in excess of
the  Resale Threshold, then the Broker shall place and fill sale
orders   1 Grove and the Company to agree on list of brokerage firms to be
included on Appendix A.     of Holders pro rata based on the orders
received or in such other  manner as the Broker determines is fair and
appropriate, until the  applicable limitation is reached.   (c) Permitted
Dispositions. Notwithstanding the  foregoing, but subject to Section 2.7
hereof, the restrictions on  Dispositions provided in this Article 2 shall
not be applicable to  any Disposition (i) by a Shareholder to any Affiliate
of such  Shareholder or (ii) by any Shareholder who is an individual, to
a  member of such Shareholder\'s immediate family, which shall
include  their spouse, siblings, parents, children or grandchildren.  
Section 2.2 Underwritten Offering.   (a) Demand Process. At any time
commencing 60 days from  the date hereof, the Shareholders Representative,
on behalf of  Holders of at least 20% of the Registrable Securities to which
this  Agreement then applies, may request in writing (a "Demand")
that  the Company prepare and file a registration statement to effect
the  registration for resale under the 1933 Act of all or part of
each  such Holders\' Registrable Securities and to facilitate
an  underwritten public offering of such Registrable Securities
(the  "Resale Registration Statement"). Upon its receipt of the
Demand,  the Company shall, subject to the provisions and limitations
set  forth in this Section 2.2:   (i) Within 5 days of receipt of the
Demand,  give written notice of the Demand to all Holders; and   (ii) File
as soon as practicable, but not later  than 30 days after receipt of the
Demand, and use its best efforts  to cause to become effective as soon as
practicable thereafter, the  Resale Registration Statement registering for
offer and sale in the  underwritten offering all Registrable Securities
requested to be       registered by the Holders who submitted the
Demand and all other  Registrable Securities for which Holders have
requested such  registration by written notice given to the Company within
20 days  after the date on which the Company provided notice of the
Demand  to all Holders pursuant to the foregoing clause (i) of
this  Section 2.2(a); provided that the Company shall have no
obligation  to proceed with the filing of the Resale Registration
Statement  unless Holders have requested to sell the lesser of: (A)
eighty  percent (80%) of all Registrable Securities then covered by
this  Agreement; or (B) at least 500,000 shares of
Registrable  Securities. If fewer than such number of shares of
Registrable  Securities is requested to be included in the
underwritten  offering, then Holders shall not be deemed to have made a
Demand  and shall remain entitled to make a Demand during the
Resale  Registration Period as described in this Section 2.2.   If the
number of shares of Registrable Securities  proposed for resale in such
underwritten offering exceeds the  amount that the Approved Underwriter
determines is compatible with  the success of the offering, then the number
of shares of  Registrable Securities each Holder will be entitled to
have  included in such underwritten public offering pursuant to
this  Section 2.2 shall be determined under the allocation
procedures  described in Section 2.3(b) hereof. Notwithstanding anything
to  the contrary in this Section 2.2(a), the Company shall not
be  obligated to file any Resale Registration Statement within 120
days  following the completion of any Piggyback Registration
under  Section 2.3 in which any Holder is permitted to sell
any  Registrable Securities.   Holders collectively shall be entitled to
only one  Demand under this Agreement, and a registration shall not be
deemed     to constitute a Demand until the completion of any
underwritten  offering made in response to a Demand; provided, however, that
a  registration shall not constitute a Demand if (i) such
registration  constitutes a Piggyback Registration initiated by the Company
in  response to a Demand as provided in Section 2.2(c); or (ii) any
and  all shares of Common Stock sought to be included by Holders in
such  underwritten public offering are not included in such
underwritten  public offering as a result of the limitations included in
Section  2.3(b).   (b) Underwriter. The managing underwriter for any
such  underwritten public offering shall be selected from the list
of  pre-approved underwriting firms attached as Appendix B to
this  Agreement by the Holders of a majority of the
Registrable  Securities proposed to be sold in such offering (such
underwriter  being, the "Approved Underwriter").2 All Holders who have
timely  indicated their intention to distribute their
Registrable  Securities through such underwriting shall (together with
the  Company) enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form  with
the underwriter selected for such underwriting, such agreement  to be
satisfactory in substance and form to the Company, the  Shareholders
Representative and the underwriter, and to contain  such representations and
warranties by the Company and such other  terms as are generally prevailing
in agreements of this type,  including, without limitation, indemnities to
the effect and to the  extent provided in Section 2.6. The Shareholders
Representative  may, on behalf of Holders of Registrable Securities to
be  distributed by such underwriters, may, at their option, require  that
any or all of the representations and warranties by, and the   2 Grove and
the Company to agree on list of underwriters to be included on Appendix
B.     other agreements on the part of, the Company to and for the
benefit  of such underwriters also be made to and for the benefit of
such  Holders and that any or all of the conditions precedent to
the  obligations of such underwriters under such underwriting
agreement  be conditions precedent to the obligations of such Holders.
Any  such Holder shall not be required to make any representations
or  warranties to, or agreements with, the Company or the
underwriters  other than representations and warranties contained in a
writing  furnished by such Holder expressly for use in such
registration  statement or agreements regarding such Holder, such
Holder\'s  Registrable Securities and such Holder\'s intended method
of  distribution.   (c) Conversion to Piggyback Registration. Subject
to  the restrictions included in Section 2.3(b), the Company shall
have  the right to sell newly issued or treasury shares in
any  underwritten public offering pursuant to this Section 2.2.
The  Company shall indicate its election to so participate in
such  underwritten public offering by providing written notice of
its  intention to do so no later than ten Business Days following
its  receipt of a Demand. If the Company elects to so participate in  such
underwritten public offering, then the underwritten public  offering shall
be deemed a Piggyback Registration subject to the  provisions of Section 2.3
of this Agreement.   (d) Deferral or Suspension. Notwithstanding
the  foregoing, if the Company shall furnish to the Holders a  certificate
signed by the chief executive officer of the Company (a  "Suspension
Notice") stating that, in the good faith judgment of  the Board of Directors
of the Company, an event or condition has  occurred and is continuing as a
result of which publicly available  information concerning the Company
contains or would contain an     untrue statement of a material fact or
an omission to state a  material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make  the statements therein not misleading (a "Suspension
Event") and  that disclosure of the Suspension Event at such time would
be  materially detrimental to the Company or its shareholders or that  the
Company is engaged in a material transaction which would be  adversely
affected in any material respect by the underwritten  offering, then the
Company may defer filing the Resale Registration  Statement for a reasonable
period of time which shall be as short  as practicable, but in any event not
in excess of 90 days (a  "Suspension Period"); provided, however, that the
Company may  exercise its suspension rights under this Section 2.2(d) only
one  (1) time during any 12 month period. The parties agree that
a  Suspension Event may include, and a Suspension Notice may be
given  with respect to, without limitation, a previously
undisclosed  proposed or pending material business transaction, the
disclosure  of which would have a material adverse effect on the
Company\'s  ability to consummate the transaction. If the Company shall
so  postpone the filing of a registration statement, the Holders
of  Registrable Securities to be registered shall have the right
to  withdraw the request for registration by giving written notice
from  the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities that
were  to be registered to the Company within 15 days after receipt of
the  notice of postponement or, if earlier, the termination of
such  Suspension Period; provided, however, that if a request
for  registration is so withdrawn, holders of Registrable Securities  will
be precluded from making any Demand until the completion of  the Suspension
Period. The Company shall not be entitled to  initiate a Suspension Period
unless it shall (A) to the extent  permitted by agreements with other
security holders of the Company,     concurrently prohibit sales by such
other security holders under  registration statements covering securities
held by such other  security holders and (B) in accordance with the
Company\'s policies  from time to time in effect, forbid purchases and sales
in the open  market by senior executives of the Company.   (e) Expenses.
The Company shall bear and pay all  Registration Expenses in connection with
the Resale Registration  Statement, whether or not such Resale Registration
Statement  becomes effective.   Section 2.3 Piggyback Registration.  
(a) Exercise. If at any time after the Closing Date and  prior to the
expiration of the Resale Registration Period, the  Company proposes to
register any Common Stock under the 1933 Act  (other than (i) a registration
relating solely to the sale of  securities to participants in a Company
stock plan, (ii) a  registration relating solely to a transaction described
in Rule 145  under the 1933 Act, (iii) a registration on any form that may
not  be used for the Registrable Securities, (iv) a registration in  which
the only Common Stock being registered is Common Stock  issuable upon
conversion of debt securities which are also being  registered or (v) a
registration on the Resale Registration  Statement), whether for its own
account or for the account of any  holder of securities, the Company shall
promptly, but not later  than 30 days prior to the initial filing of such
registration  statement, give each Holder written notice of such
registration  setting forth the intended method of disposition, the
maximum  proposed offering price, commissions and discounts in
connection  therewith and other relevant information. Upon the written
request  of any Holder given within 10 Business Days after the giving
of  such notice by the Company, the Company shall, subject to
the     provisions of this section, cause to be registered under the
1933  Act all of the Registrable Securities which such Holders request
to  be registered by inclusion of such Registrable Securities in
the  registration statement which covers the securities which the  Company
proposes to register; provided, that if, at any time after  giving written
notice pursuant to this Section 2.3(a) of its  intention to register any
Common Stock and prior to the effective  date of the registration statement
filed in connection therewith,  the Company shall determine for any reason
either not to register  or to delay registration of such securities, the
Company may, at  its election, give written notice of such determination to
each  Holder and, thereupon, (i) in the case of a determination not
to  register, shall be relieved of its obligation to register
any  Registrable Securities in connection with such registration (but  not
from its obligation to pay the Registration Expenses in  connection
therewith), and (ii) in the case of a determination to  delay registering,
shall be permitted to delay registering any  Registrable Securities, for the
same period as the delay in  registering such other securities.   (b)
Underwriting; Limitation due to Marketing Factors.  If the Company at any
time proposes to register any of its  securities under the 1933 Act as
contemplated by this Section 2.3  and such securities are to be distributed
by or through one or more  underwriters, the Company will (i) enter into an
underwriting  agreement with such underwriters for such offering, such
agreement  to be reasonably satisfactory in substance and form to the
Company  and to contain such representations and warranties by the
Company  and such other terms as are generally prevailing in agreements
of  such type, including, without limitation, indemnities to the
effect  and to the extent provided in Section 2.6 hereof and (ii)
if     requested by any Holder as provided in Section 2.3(a) and
subject  to the provisions of this Section 2.3(b), arrange for
such  underwriters to include all the Registrable Securities to
be  offered and sold by such Holder among the securities to
be  distributed by such underwriters. In connection with any  underwritten
offering pursuant to a registered offering under  Section 2.2 or Section 2.3
hereof, the Company shall not be  required to include any of a Holder\'s
Registrable Securities in  such registration unless such Holder accepts the
terms of the  underwriting as agreed upon between the Company, the
Shareholders  Representative and the underwriters thereof. Notwithstanding
the  foregoing, no underwriting agreement (or other agreement
in  connection with such offering) shall require any Holder
of  Registrable Securities to make any representations or warranties
to  or agreements with the Company or the underwriters other
than  representations and warranties contained in a writing furnished
by  such Holder expressly for use in the related registration
statement  or agreements regarding such Holder, such Holder\'s
Registrable  Securities and such Holder\'s intended method of distribution
and  any other representation required by law. Notwithstanding any  other
provision of Section 2.2 or this Section 2.3, if the Approved  Underwriter
or the managing underwriter, as applicable, for any  underwritten public
offering to be effected pursuant to either said  Section shall advise the
Company in writing that the number of  shares of Common Stock sought to be
included in such underwritten  offering (including those sought to be
offered by the Company,  those sought to be offered by Holders of
Registrable Securities and  those sought to be offered by other shareholders
of the Company)  exceeds that number which is compatible with the success of
the  offering (said compatible number being referred to herein as
the     "Maximum Number"), then the Maximum Number of shares of
Common  Stock to be included in such underwritten offering shall
be  allocated in the following order until the Maximum Number is
fully  allocated:   (i) Shares will first be allocated equally  between
the Company and all Holders (taken together as a group) who  have elected to
sell Registrable Securities in the offering until  either the total number
of shares of Common Stock proposed to be  sold by the Company has been
reached or the aggregate number of  Registrable Securities proposed to be
sold by all Holders has been  reached;   (ii) Shares will next be
allocated to either the  Company or to the Holders, as the case may be,
until the total  number of shares it/they propose to sell in the offering
has been  reached; and   (iii) Shares will then be allocated to all
other  shareholders of the Company proposing to sell shares of
Common  Stock in the underwritten offering, pro rata based on the number
of  shares of Common Stock proposed to be sold by each
such  shareholder.   If the number of shares of Registrable Securities to
be  sold in the underwritten offering which are allocated to the  selling
Holders is less than the total number of Registrable  Securities proposed to
be sold by such Holders, then the number of  shares of Registrable
Securities allocated for sale by Holders in  the underwritten offering shall
be allocated among the selling  Holders pro rata based on the number of
shares of Registrable  Securities proposed to be sold in the underwritten
offering by each  such Holder.        (c) Expenses of Piggyback
Registration. The Company  shall bear and pay all Registration Expenses
incurred in connection  with a Piggyback Registration, whether or not such
Piggyback  Registration becomes effective.   (d) Selection of
Underwriters. If Holders of Registered  Securities request to include any
Registrable Securities in any  Piggyback Registration of Registrable
Securities in the form of an  underwritten offering, the Shareholders
Representative and the  Company shall confer and cooperate in selecting the
managing  underwriters of such underwritten offering; provided, however
that  in the event the parties are unable to agree on a
managing  underwriter, the Company shall determine the managing
underwriter  which shall be reasonably acceptable to the
Shareholders  Representative.   Section 2.4 Obligations of the Company in
Connection with a  Registration.   Whenever required hereunder to cause,
or to use its best  efforts to effect, the registration of any Registrable
Securities,  the Company shall, as expeditiously as reasonably possible (and
in  the case of Demands, within the time periods required by  Section
2.2(a)):   (a) Prepare and file with the SEC a registration  statement on
the appropriate form to effect the registration of  such Registrable
Securities and use its best efforts to cause such  registration statement to
become effective and remain effective  until the distribution contemplated
in the registration statement  has been completed; provided, that before
filing such registration  statement, the Company will furnish Holder\'s
Counsel copies of all  such documents proposed to be filed, which documents
will be  subject to the review and comments of such counsel.      (b)
Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and  supplements to such
registration statement and the prospectus used  in connection with such
registration statement as may be necessary  to keep such registration
statement effective and to comply with  the provisions of the 1933 Act with
respect to the disposition of  all securities covered by such registration
statement until such  time as all of such securities have been disposed of
in accordance  with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or
sellers  thereof set forth in such registration statements.   (c) Furnish
to the Holders and each underwriter, if any,  of the securities being sold
by each seller of Registrable  Securities such numbers of conformed copies
of such registration  statement and of each such amendment and supplement
thereto (in  each case including all schedules and exhibits), such numbers
of  copies of the prospectus included in such registration
statement  (including each preliminary prospectus and any summary
prospectus)  and any other prospectus filed under Rule 424 under the 1933
Act,  in conformity with the requirements of the 1933 Act, and such
other  documents as they may reasonably request in order to facilitate
the  disposition of Registrable Securities owned by sellers of
such  Registrable Securities.   (d) Use its best efforts to register and
qualify the  securities covered by such registration statement under such
other  securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall
be  reasonably requested by the Holders and any underwriter, to keep  such
registrations or qualifications in effect for so long as such  registration
statement remains in effect, and to take any other  action which may be
reasonably necessary or advisable to enable  such seller and underwriter to
consummate the disposition in such  jurisdictions of the securities owned by
such seller; provided that     the Company shall not be required in
connection therewith or as a  condition thereto to qualify to do business or
to file a general  consent to service of process in any such states or
jurisdictions  wherein it would not but for the requirements of this
paragraph (d)  be obligated to be so qualified.   (e) Notify the
Shareholders Representative at any time  when a prospectus relating thereto
is required to be delivered  under the 1933 Act upon the discovery that, or
the happening of any  Suspension Event or any other event as a result of
which, the  prospectus included in such registration statement, as then
in  effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
to  state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to  make the statements therein not misleading in the light of
the  circumstances then existing and, except during a Suspension
Period,  at the request of any Holder, the Company will prepare and
furnish  to the Holders and each underwriter, if any, of the
securities  being sold by each seller of Registered Securities a supplement
or  amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to  the
purchasers of such Registrable Securities, such prospectus will  not contain
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state  any fact necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading in  light of the circumstances
then existing.   (f) Cause all such Registrable Securities to be
listed  on each securities exchange or automated inter-dealer
quotation  system on which similar securities issued by the Company are
then  listed.   (g) Provide and cause to be maintained a transfer
agent,  registrar and CUSIP number for all such Registrable Securities,
in  each case not later than the effective date of such
registration.        (h) Use its best efforts to comply with all
applicable  rules and regulations of the SEC, and make generally available
to  its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an  earnings
statement covering the period of at least 12 months  beginning with the
first day of the Company\'s first full calendar  quarter after the effective
date of the registration statement,  which earnings statement shall satisfy
the provisions of  Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act and Rule 158 thereunder and
furnish  to Holders\' Counsel at least five Business Days prior to the
filing  thereof a copy of any amendment or supplement to such
registration  statement or prospectus, which documents will be subject to
the  review and comments of Holders\' Counsel.   (i) Permit any Holder
which, in such Holder\'s reasonable  judgment, might be deemed to be an
underwriter or a controlling  person of the Company, to participate in the
preparation of such  registration statement and to require the insertion
therein of  material, furnished to the Company in writing, which in
the  reasonable judgment of such Holder, the Company and their  respective
counsel should be included.   (j) Notify the Shareholders Representative in
the event  of the issuance of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of
a  registration statement, or of any order suspending or preventing  the
use of any related prospectus or suspending the qualification  of any Common
Stock included in such registration statement for  sale in any jurisdiction,
and (except during a Suspension Period)  use its best efforts to obtain the
prompt withdrawal of such order.   (k) Use its best efforts to cause such
Registrable  Securities to be registered with or approved by such
other  governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to
enable       the sellers thereof to consummate the disposition of
such  Registrable Securities.   (l) Participate in and facilitate any
marketing efforts  engaged in by underwriters in connection with the public
offering  of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation,
upon  reasonable notice from the underwriters, causing senior
management  of the Company to (i) participate in any "road show" or
other  selling efforts by the underwriters and (ii) take reasonable
steps  necessary to facilitate the success of such selling efforts.  
Section 2.5 Information.   (a) It shall be a condition precedent to the
obligations  of the Company to take any action hereunder with respect to
the  Registrable Securities of any Holder that such Holder furnish to  the
Company such information reasonably requested in writing by the  Company
regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it,  and the intended
method of disposition of such securities as shall  be required to effect the
registration of such Holder\'s Registrable  Securities.   (b) In
connection with the preparation and filing of  each registration statement
under the 1933 Act pursuant to this  Agreement, the Company will give the
Shareholders Representative  and the Holders\' Counsel (and their
accountants), and underwriters  for the participating Holders of Registrable
Securities (and their  counsel and accountants), if any, the opportunity to
participate in  the preparation of such registration statement, each
prospectus  included therein or filed with the Commission, and each
amendment  thereof or supplement thereto, shall make available to each of
them  financial and other records and corporate documents and
properties  of the Company, and cause the Company\'s officers,
directors,  employees and independent accountants to supply all
other     information reasonably requested by any such Person as shall
be  necessary, in the opinion of such Holders\' Counsel and
such  underwriters\' respective counsel, to conduct a
reasonable  investigation within the meaning of the 1933 Act.   (c) If any
registration statement refers to any Holder  by name or otherwise as the
holder of any securities of the  Company, then the Shareholders
Representative shall have the right  to require (i) the insertion therein of
language, in form and  substance satisfactory to the relevant Holder, to the
effect that  the holding by such Holder of such securities is not to
be  construed as a recommendation by such Holder of the
investment  quality of the Company\'s securities covered thereby and that
such  holding does not imply that such Holder will assist in meeting
any  future financial requirements of the Company, or (ii) in the
event  that such reference to such Holder by name or otherwise is
not  required by the 1933 Act, the deletion of the reference to
such  Holder.   Section 2.6 Indemnification and Contribution   . In the
event any Registrable Securities are included in a  registration statement
hereunder:   (a) The Company will indemnify and hold harmless
each  Holder, the officers, directors, partners and members of
each  Holder, any underwriter (as defined in the 1933 Act) for
such  Holder and each Person, if any, who controls such Holder
or  underwriter within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act  (each,
a "Company Indemnified Person"), against any losses, claims,  damages, or
liabilities (joint or several) to which they or any of  them may become
subject under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any  other federal or state
laws, or otherwise, whether direct or  indirect, including without
limitation any obligation to indemnify     any underwriter against any
such losses, claims, damages, or  liabilities, in each case insofar as such
losses, claims, damages,  or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof)
arise out of or are  based upon any of the following statements, omissions
or violations  (collectively a "Violation"): (i) any untrue statement or
alleged  untrue statement of a material fact contained in such
registration  statement, including any preliminary prospectus, summary
prospectus  or final prospectus contained therein or any amendments
or  supplements thereto, (ii) any omission or alleged omission to
state  therein a material fact required to be stated therein, or
necessary  to make the statements therein not misleading, or (iii)
any  violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act,
the  1934 Act, any state securities laws, or any rule or
regulation  promulgated under any of the foregoing, and the Company will pay
to  each Company Indemnified Person, as incurred, any legal or
other  expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection
with  investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage,
liability,  or action; provided, however, that the indemnity
agreement  contained in this Section 2.6(a) shall not apply to amounts paid
in  settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability, or action
if  such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company,  which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, nor shall the  Company be liable
in any such case for any such loss, claim,  damage, liability, or action to
the extent that it arises out of or  is based upon a Violation which occurs
in reliance upon, and in  strict conformity with, written information
furnished expressly for  use in connection with such registration by any
such Company  Indemnified Person.   (b) Each selling Holder, by requesting
securities to be  covered by any registration statement hereunder, agrees
to     indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its
directors,  each of its officers who has signed the registration statement
and  each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning
of  the 1933 Act, (each, a "Holder Indemnified Person"), against
any  losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (joint or several) to
which  any of the foregoing persons may become subject, under the
1933  Act, the 1934 Act, or any other federal or state laws or
otherwise,  insofar as such losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (or
actions  in respect thereto) arise out of or are based upon any
Violation,  in each case to the extent (and only to the extent) that
such  Violation occurs in reliance upon and in strict conformity
with  written information furnished by such Holder expressly for use
in  connection with such registration; and each such Holder will pay,  as
incurred, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by any  Holder
Indemnified Person, in connection with investigating or  defending any such
loss, claim, damage, liability, or action;  provided, however, that the
indemnity agreement contained in this  Section 2.6(b) shall not apply to
amounts paid in settlement of any  such loss, claim, damage, liability or
action if such settlement is  effected without the consent of the
indemnifying Holder, which  consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and
provided further,  that, in no event shall any selling Holder\'s liability
under this  Section 2.6(b) exceed the proceeds received by such Holder from
the  offering.   (c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party
under  this Section 2.6 of notice of the commencement of any
action  (including any governmental action), such indemnified party
will,  if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against
any  indemnifying party under this Section 2.6, deliver to
the  indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof
and     the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in,
and,  to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with
any  other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume the
defense  thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the
parties;  provided, however, that an indemnified party (together with
all  other indemnified parties which may be represented without
conflict  by one counsel) shall have the right to retain one
separate  counsel, with the fees and expenses to be paid by the
indemnifying  party, if representation of such indemnified party by the
counsel  retained by the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due
to  actual or potential differing interests between such
indemnified  party and any other party represented by such counsel in
such  proceeding. The failure to deliver written notice to
the  indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement
of  any such action, to the extent prejudicial to its ability to
defend  such action, shall relieve such indemnifying party of liability
to  the indemnified party under this Section 2.6 only to the extent
of  such prejudice, but the omission so to deliver written notice to  the
indemnifying party will not relieve it of any liability that it  may have to
any indemnified party otherwise than under this  Section 2.6. No
indemnifying party shall, without the consent of  the indemnified party,
consent to entry of any judgment or enter  into any settlement of any such
action which does not include as an  unconditional term thereof the giving
by the claimant or plaintiff  to such indemnified party of a release from
all liability in  respect to such claim or litigation.   (d) If the
indemnification provided for in this  Section 2.6 is held by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be  unavailable to an indemnified party with
respect to any loss,  liability, claim, damage, or expense referred to
herein, then the     indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such
indemnified party  hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable
by such  indemnified party as a result of such loss, liability,
claim,  damage, or expense in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect  the relative fault of the indemnifying party on the one hand and
of  the indemnified party on the other in connection with the  statements
or omissions that resulted in such loss, liability,  claim, damage, or
expense as well as any other relevant equitable  considerations. The
relative fault of the indemnifying party and  of the indemnified party shall
be determined by reference to, among  other things, whether the untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a  material fact or the omission to state a
material fact relates to  information supplied by the indemnifying party or
by the  indemnified party and the parties\' relative intent,
knowledge,  access to information, and opportunity to correct or prevent
such  statement or omission; provided that the foregoing
contribution  agreement shall not inure to the benefit of any indemnified
party  if indemnification would be unavailable to such indemnified
party  by reason of the provisions contained in the first sentence
of  paragraph (a) of this Section 2.6, and in no event shall
the  obligation of any indemnifying party to contribute under
this  paragraph (d) exceed the amount that such indemnifying party
would  have been obligated to pay by way of indemnification if
the  indemnification provided for under paragraphs (a) or (b) of
this  Section 2.6 had been available under the circumstances.   (e) The
Company and the Holders agree that it would not  be just and equitable if
contribution pursuant to Section 2.6(d)  were determined by pro rata
allocation (even if the Holders and any  underwriters were treated as one
entity for such purpose) or by any  other method of allocation that does not
take account of the     equitable considerations referred to in the
immediately preceding  paragraph and any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by  such indemnified party in connection with investigating
or  defending any such action or claim.   (f) Notwithstanding the
provisions of Section 2.6(d), no  Holder or underwriter shall be required to
contribute any amount in  excess of the amount by which (i) in the case of
any such Holder,  the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale
of  Registrable Securities or (ii) in the case of an underwriter,
the  total price of which the Registrable Securities purchased by it
and  distributed to the public exceeds in any such case the amount of  any
damages that such Holder or underwriter has otherwise been  required to pay
by reason of the Violation giving rise to such  loss, liability, claim,
damage, or expense. No Person guilty of  fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f)  of the Securities Act) shall be
entitled to contribution from any  Person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation.   (g) The obligations of the Company and
Holders under  this Section 2.6 shall survive the completion of any offering
of  Registrable Securities in a registration statement hereunder,
and  otherwise.   Section 2.7 Assignment of Registration Rights   . The
rights to cause the Company to register Registrable  Securities pursuant
hereto shall be automatically transferred upon  a transfer of Registrable
Securities in accordance with Section  2.1(c). Any Person to whom such
Registrable Securities have been  transferred shall be required to exercise
a counterpart to this  Agreement agreeing to be treated as a Holder of
Registrable  Securities, whereupon such transferee shall have the benefits
of,       and shall be subject to, the terms of this Agreement as if
such  assignee had originally been a party hereto.   Section 2.8 "Market
Stand-Off" Agreement   . Each Holder hereby agrees that it shall not, to the
extent  requested by the Company or an underwriter of Common Stock
(or  other securities) of the Company, sell or otherwise transfer
or  dispose of any Registrable Securities in a market transaction  during
the seven days prior to and 60 days following the effective  date of a
registration statement of the Company filed under the  1933 Act, but only
if:   (a) The Holders are entitled under Section 2.2 or  Section 2.3 to
participate in such registration (provided that such  agreement shall not
apply to any shares which are included in any  such registration); and  
(b) All officers and directors of the Company and  shareholders who
beneficially own more than 5% of the Company\'s  outstanding Common Stock
(determined on a Fully Diluted Basis) and  all other Persons with
registration rights (whether or not pursuant  to this agreement) enter into
similar agreements.   In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the
Company  may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to
the  Registrable Securities of each Holder (and the shares or
securities  of every other person subject to the foregoing restriction)
during  the period in which such shares are restricted pursuant to
this  Section 2.8.   Section 2.9 Termination of Registration
Obligation   . The Company\'s obligation to afford registration rights
to  any Holder pursuant to a Demand or a Piggyback Registration
as  provided in Section 2.2 and Section 2.3 of this Agreement
shall  expire at the expiration of the Resale Registration Period.     
ARTICLE 3   REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE
SHAREHOLDERS   Each Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to,
and  covenants with, the Company that:   Section 3.1 Authority   . The
Shareholder has full right, power, authority and  capacity to enter into
this Agreement and to consummate the  transactions contemplated hereby, and
upon execution and delivery  of this Agreement, this Agreement shall
constitute a valid and  binding obligation of the Shareholder, enforceable
in accordance  with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited
by  applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and  similar laws affecting creditors\' and contracting parties\'
rights  generally and except as enforceability may be subject to
general  principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability
is  considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and except as
the  indemnification agreements herein may be legally unenforceable.  
Section 3.2 Legend   . (a) The Shareholder will not make any sale of
the  Registrable Securities without complying with the provisions of  this
Agreement and without causing the prospectus delivery  requirements of the
1933 Act, if applicable, to be satisfied. The  Shareholder acknowledges that
the certificates evidencing the  Registrable Securities will bear a legend
substantially as follows  and that there may be times when the Company
determines that the  Shareholder must suspend the use of the Resale
Registration  Statement as provided elsewhere in this Agreement:  "THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO  TRANSFER
RESTRICTIONS IN ACCORDANCE WITH A STOCK RESTRICTION AND  REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE     CORPORATION. THESE
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR  ASSIGNED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE
WITH SUCH AGREEMENT."   (b) The Company shall remove the legend set forth
in  Section 3.2(a) by delivery of substitute certificates without
such  legend if such legend is not required for the purposes of
this  Agreement.   Section 3.3 Notification   . The Holder will notify
the Company promptly of the resale  or other Disposition of any of its
Registrable Securities, other  than sales following the lapse or termination
of all transfer  restrictions provided in this Agreement, and the Holder
will  furnish any information reasonably requested by the Company
to  evidence compliance with this Agreement.   ARTICLE 4  
miscellaneous   Section 4.1 Successors and Assigns   . Except as otherwise
provided herein, the terms and  conditions of this Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be  binding upon the respective successors and permitted
assigns of the  parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied,
is  intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto
or  their respective successors and permitted assigns any
rights,  remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of
this  Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.   Section
4.2 No Inconsistent Agreements   . The Company will not hereafter enter into
any agreement  with respect to its securities which is inconsistent with
the  rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement, including,
without  limitation, entering into any agreement with any holder
or  prospective holder of any securities of the Company which
would     allow such holder or prospective holder (i) to include
such  securities in any registration filed under Section 2.2 or  Section
2.3 hereof, unless the terms of such agreement with such  holder or
prospective holder may include such securities in any  such registration
only to the extent that the inclusion of its  securities will not reduce the
amount of the Registrable Securities  which are included, or (ii) to make a
demand registration where  such registration statement is declared effective
prior to within  one hundred twenty (120) days of the effective date of
any  registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2.   Section 4.3
Remedies   . Any Person having rights under any provision of
this  Agreement will be entitled to enforce such rights specifically
to  recover damages caused by reason of any breach of any provision
of  this Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted by law.  The
parties hereto agree and acknowledge that money damages may not  be a
complete and adequate remedy for any breach of the provisions  of this
Agreement and that any party may in its sole discretion  apply to any court
of law or equity of competent jurisdiction  (without posting any bond or
other security) for specific  performance and for other injunctive relief in
order to enforce or  prevent violation of the provisions of this
Agreement.   Section 4.4 Governing Law   . This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed under the  laws of the State of Wisconsin,
applicable to contracts made and  performed in such state, disregarding such
state\'s principles of  conflicts of laws which would otherwise provide for
the application  of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.  
Section 4.5 Counterparts        . This Agreement may be executed in two
or more counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which  together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   Section
4.6 Titles and Subtitles   . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement
are used  for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing
or  interpreting this Agreement.   Section 4.7 Notices   . Unless
otherwise provided, any notice required or permitted  hereunder shall be
given in writing and shall be deemed effectively  given upon the earliest of
(i) the date of personal delivery to the  party to be notified, (ii) the
date of facsimile delivery with a  confirmation copy sent simultaneously by
(A) registered or  certified mail, postage prepaid, or (B) overnight
delivery with a  nationally recognized overnight carrier, shipping charges
prepaid  (iii) one Business Day after deposit for overnight delivery with
a  nationally recognized overnight courier, shipping charges prepaid,  or
(iv) four days after deposit with the United States Post Office  by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Such notices  shall be
addressed to the appropriate party to the attention of the  person who
executed this Agreement at the address and, as  appropriate, the facsimile
number, set forth under such party\'s  signature below (or to the attention
of such other person or to  such other address or facsimile number as such
party shall have  furnished to each other party in accordance with this
Section 4.7).   Section 4.8 Expenses   . If any action at law or in equity
is necessary to enforce  or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the
prevailing party  shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys\' fees, costs
and       necessary disbursements in addition to any other relief to
which  such party may be entitled.   Section 4.9 Amendments and
Waivers   . Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the  observance
of any term of this Agreement may be waived, only with  the written consent
of the Company and the Shareholders  Representative (with the written
approval of holders of sixty six  and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the
Registrable Securities then  outstanding), provided that no such amendment
or waiver shall be  effective with respect to the rights of any Holder in
respect of  any registration effected prior to such amendment or waiver
without  the written consent of such Holder. Except as provided in
the  preceding sentence, any amendment or waiver effected in
accordance  with this Section 4.9 shall be binding upon each Holder of
any  Registrable Securities then outstanding, each future Holder of
all  such Registrable Securities, and the Company. Notwithstanding
the  foregoing, a waiver or consent with respect to a matter
which  relates exclusively to the rights of Holders of
Registrable  Securities whose securities are being sold pursuant to
a  registration statement and which does not directly or
indirectly  affect the rights of other Holders may be given by the Holders
of a  majority of the Registrable Securities being sold.   Section 4.10
Severability   . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to
be  unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be  excluded
from this Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall  be interpreted
as if such provision were so excluded and shall be  enforceable in
accordance with its terms.   Section 4.11 Entire Agreement        .
This Agreement constitutes the full and entire  understanding and agreement
between the parties with regard to the  subjects hereof.   Section 4.12
Survival of Representations, Warranties and  Agreements   .
Notwithstanding any investigation made by any party to this  Agreement, all
covenants, agreements, representations and  warranties made by the Company
and the Shareholders herein and in  the certificates representing the
Registrable Securities delivered  pursuant hereto shall survive the
execution of this Agreement, the  delivery to the Shareholder of the
Registrable Securities and the  consummation and closing of the Merger
Agreement.   Section 4.13 Shareholders Representative   . [Parties to
agree on a provision appointment and  establishing the authority of one or
more persons to act an a  Shareholders Representative authorized to act on
behalf of  Shareholders for all purposes under this Agreement.]   [The
remainder of this page is intentionally
blank]                              REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT   SIGNATURE PAGE   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto
have executed this  Agreement as of the date first above
written.  COMPANY: [Company]     By:  -------------------------- 
Name:  ------------------------  Title:  ----------------------- 
Address:  ---------------------  Facsimile No.: 
--------------- SHAREHOLDERS: [Shareholder 1]     By: 
--------------------------  Name:  ------------------------  Title: 
-----------------------  Address:  ---------------------  Facsimile No.: 
---------------   [Shareholder 2]     By:  -------------------------- 
Name:  ------------------------  Title:  ----------------------- 
Address:  ---------------------  Facsimile No.:  ---------------  
[Shareholder 3]     By:  --------------------------  Name: 
------------------------  Title:  -----------------------  Address: 
---------------------  Facsimile No.:  ---------------        
Appendix A   List of Pre-Approved Brokerage Firms       Appendix B  
List of Pre-Approved Underwriting Firms    '

