 EXHIBIT 2      Exhibit 2   EBS/CFS  
/    MCCORMICK and COMPANY, INCORPORATED   STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT  
DUCROS   SODIS   July 12, 2000      STOCK PURCHASE
AGREEMENT  BETWEEN  ERIDANIA BEGHIN-SAY, a French joint-stock company with
a share capital of [EURO] 259,834,460, having its registered office at rue
Beghin 59239, Thumeries, registered with the Registry of Commerce and
Companies of Lille under the number B 456 500 784,  Represented by Mr.
Stefano Meloni, its CEO,  Hereinafter "EBS"  COMPAGNIE FRANCAISE DE
SUCRERIE - CFS, a French joint-stock company with a share capital of FRF
1,871,590, having its registered office at rue Beghin 59239, Thumeries,
registered with the Registry of Commerce and Companies of Lille under the
number B 383 806 023,  Represented by Mr. Adrian Steed, duly empowered for
this purpose,  Hereinafter "CFS"  Hereinafter collectively referred to as
"THE SELLERS",  Acting jointly and severally   ON THE ONE
HAND  AND  MCCORMICK and COMPANY, INCORPORATED, a company organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Maryland (United States of America),
having its registered office at 18 Loveton Circle, Sparks, MD 21152-6000
(USA),  or any company that McCormick and Company, Incorporated may substitute
for itself, and in which it holds a direct or indirect equity stake equal to
100%, and whom McCormick and Company, Incorporated guarantees, jointly and
severally,  Represented by Mr. Robert J.Lawless, Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gordon M. Stetz Jr., Vice President -
Acquisitions and Financial Planning,  Hereinafter referred to as "THE
BUYER",   ON THE OTHER HAND      WITNESSETH:  1 - CFS, whose sole
shareholder is EBS, is a holding company which holds  shares representing
99.99% of the capital of the company Ducros, a French  joint-stock company
("SOCIETE ANONYME") with a share capital of FRF  103,831,488, divided into
2,884,208 shares with a par value of FRF 36,  having its registered office at
Z.I. Carpensud, 84200 Carpentras,  registered with the Registry of Commerce
and Companies of Carpentras  under the number B 622 980 027 ("Ducros").  
Ducros is currently involved in the import, export, production, packaging 
and marketing activities of peppers, herbs and spices.   Ducros holds equity
interests in a number of different companies, which  it may or may not
Control and which are primarily involved either in the  same field as Ducros
or else in the manufacturing and marketing of  Dessert Aids. Details of these
equity interests, are given in EXHIBIT  1(a). for the percentage stake in the
company capital given in EXHIBIT  1(a).  2 - EBS for its part holds 99.99%
of the capital of the company Sodis, a  French simplified joint-stock company
("societe par actions simplifiee")  with a share capital of FRF 300,000
divided into 3,000 shares with a par  value of FRF 100, having its registered
office at Quartier de la Tapy,  84170 Monteux, registered with the Registry
of Commerce and Companies of  Carpentras under the number B 329 926 471
("Sodis").   Sodis is a holding company whose Subsidiaries are involved in
rack  jobbing in supermarkets and hypermarkets and the running of a
warehouse  situated at Gennevilliers.   The list of Sodis Subsidiaries is
set forth in EXHIBIT 1(b) for the  percentage stake in the company capital
given in EXHIBIT 1(b).  The Sellers have declared their intention to
transfer the shares and the Buyer has decided to purchase the shares
representing the capital of Ducros and Sodis under the terms and conditions
set out in this Agreement.  WHEREBY IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS  ARTICLE 1 -
DEFINITIONS  Unless defined otherwise in the present Contract, the terms set
out herein below, where these terms appear in the text with an initial
capital, shall have the following meanings:        "1999 PROFORMA
CONSOLIDATED Shall mean the proforma consolidated BALANCE SHEET FOR THE
DUCROS GROUP" balance sheet and the statutory  auditor\'s opinion report for
the Ducros  Group as at December 31, 1999, as  contained in APPENDIX 1(d)(1)
hereto,  prepared on the basis of the  consolidated balance sheet as
contained  in the 1999 Consolidated Accounts for  the Ducros Group and as
completed by the  balance sheets for Malile and Semap as  at December 31,
1999, and after taking  into account the necessary accounting  entries for
the purposes of  consolidation (ECRITURES DE  CONSOLIDATION), all prepared
in  accordance with French GAAP.  "1999 CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS Shall mean
the consolidated accounts for THE DUCROS GROUP" the Ducros for Group as at
December 31,  1999, prepared in accordance with French  GAAP, and the
statutory auditor\'s  certification report both contained in  APPENDIX 1(e)
hereto.  "1999 CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS FOR Shall mean the consolidated
accounts the FOR THE SODIS GROUP" Sodis Group as at December 31, 1999, 
prepared in accordance with French GAAP,  and the statutory auditor\'s 
certification report as contained in  APPENDIX 1(f) hereto.  "ACCOUNTING
FIRM" Shall mean the accounting firm (CABINET  D\'EXPERT COMPTABLE) Arthur
Andersen or,  if this firm is not available, any other  accounting firm
appointed in accordance  with the provisions of Article 3.4 (3.3  in French
version).  "CLOSING DATE CONSOLIDATED Shall mean the consolidated
balance BALANCE SHEET FOR THE DUCROS GROUP" sheet for the Ducros Group, at
the  Closing Date, all prepared in accordance  with French GAAP.  "CLOSING
DATE CONSOLIDATED Shall mean the consolidated balance BALANCE SHEET FOR THE
SODIS GROUP" sheet for the Sodis Group as at the  Closing Date, all prepared
in accordance  with French GAAP.     "EBIT" Shall mean the amount of
the  consolidated net income ("RESULTAT NET  PART DU GROUPE") for the group
formed by  the Ducros Group and the Sodis Group  plus the net result of the
financial  products and expenses, corporate income  tax and the exceptional
item relating to  Dessert Products International and  indicated as FRF
24.300.000 for the year  2000, less 49% of the net amount of  interest
expense of Dessert Products  International, 49% of the corporate  income tax
for Dessert Products  International and 49% of the exceptional  item
relating to Dessert Products  International as above. This definition  is
illustrated by an example given in  APPENDIX 1(c)(1).  "PROJECTED EBIT"
Shall mean the aggregate projected EBIT,  from one month to the next, in
respect  of fiscal year 2000, as contained in  APPENDIX 1(c)(2) hereto, for
the group  formed by the Ducros Group and the Sodis  Group calculated
without taking into  account the exceptional charges related  to Dessert
Products International and  indicated as FRF 24,300,000 for the year  2000.
The calculation of the period of  Projected EBIT will be from January 1, 
2000 up to and including the Closing  Date. If the Closing Date does not
fall  on an accounting month end, then the  amounts for the period between
the end  of the previous month and the Closing  Date will be calculated by a
simple  extrapolation prorata temporis of  figures for the month during
which the  Closing Date falls.  "ACTUAL EBIT" Shall mean the consolidated
EBIT for the  group formed by the Ducros Group and the  Sodis Group, for the
period between  January 1, 2000 up to and including the  Closing Date,
calculated without taking  into account either (i) the exceptional  charges
related to Desert Products  International indicated as FRF  24,300,000 for
the year 2000, or (ii)  any one off items of a non recurring  nature which
should have resulted in an  adjustment under French GAAP in the (i)  1999
Consolidated Accounts for the  Ducros Group or (ii) in the 1999 
Consolidated Accounts for the Sodis  Group or (iii) the certified financial 
statements for Malile for financial year  1999.   The Actual EBIT will be
adjusted as  necessary to take into account the  provisions of Article
3.3.     "AGGREGATE CONSOLIDATED NET Shall mean the sum total of
the POSITION" consolidated net equity (CAPITAUX  PROPRES) for the group
formed by the  Ducros Group and the Sodis Group as at  the Closing Date
.  "PRO-FORMA NET POSITION FOR THE Shall mean 82,272,000 Euros,
plus: DUCROS GROUP"   o the consolidated net results for the  Ducros Group
in respect of the period  from January 1, 2000 up to and  including the
Closing Date,   o the amount of all Taxes, except for  VAT, recorded on the
books between  January 1, 2000 and the Closing Date  which do not arise out
of the normal  and usual activities of the Ducros  Group for such period, it
being  specified that asset sales carried out  in the ordinary course of
business are  considered to be normal and usual  activities.  "PRO-FORMA
NET POSITION FOR THE Shall mean 50,000 Euros plus:  SODIS GROUP"   o the
consolidated net results for the  Sodis Group, in respect of the period 
from January 1, 2000 up to and  including the Closing Date,   o the amount
of all Taxes, except for  VAT, recorded on the books between  January 1,
2000 and the Closing Date  which do not arise out of the normal  and usual
activities of the Sodis  Group for such period, it being  specified that
asset sales carried out  in the ordinary course of business are  considered
to be normal and usual  activities.  "DESSERT AIDS" Shall mean the items
used in the  preparation of pastries, sugars, yeasts  and cake-mixes, as
well as dessert  decoration items.  "TO THE SELLERS\' KNOWLEDGE" Shall mean
that the Sellers have made  careful enquiries at the level of the  Companies
as to the accuracy of each  representation or warranty and the  Sellers
shall be deemed to have  knowledge of any matter of which they  would have
been aware if they had made  such enquiry.  "GAAP" Shall mean the generally
accepted  accounting principles in the country of  the concerned company, as
consistently  applied by that company.     "ACTIVITIES" Shall mean the
production, processing,  packaging, manufacturing, trading, sale  and
distribution by the Companies of the  Products.  "AFFILIATE" OR
"AFFILIATES" A company is said to be affiliated to  another legal person
when, either  directly or indirectly through one or  more intermediaries,
such company  Controls or is Controlled by such legal  person, or is subject
to common Control  with such legal person.  "AGREEMENT" Shall mean the
present Agreement and all  its EXHIBITS.  "AUTHORISATION" OR Shall mean any
permit, authorisation, "AUTHORISATIONS" licence, certificate or sanction
issued  to the Companies by an administrative  authority in any of the
countries in  which the Companies conduct their  Activities.  "BASE SALES
PRICE" Shall mean the amounts indicated in  Article 3.1 for the sale, as the
case  may be, of Ducros Shares or Sodis  Shares.  "BUSINESS DAY" OR
"BUSINESS DAYS" Shall mean any day other than a  Saturday, a Sunday or a
public holiday  in France, with the exception of any day  during which the
banks in France are not  open for financial transfers.  "CLOSING" Shall
mean the consummation of the  contemplated transaction provided for by  the
Agreement.  "CLOSING DATE" Shall have the meaning indicated under  Article
5 of the Agreement.  "COMPANIES" Shall mean collectively Ducros and the 
Ducros Subsidiaries, Sodis and the Sodis  Subsidiaries.  "CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT" Shall mean the conditions as set forth  in Article 10 of the
Agreement.     "CONTROL" Shall mean control as defined by Article  355-1
of the Act of 24 July 1966; or is,  the empowerment of a person to manage a 
company or to determine the policies of  that company based on the possession
of  shares with voting rights, agreements or  any other instrument, the verb
Control  when it is used should be understood to  mean under the
Control.  "DESSERTS PRODUCTS Shall mean the company Desserts
Products INTERNATIONAL" International, a French simplified  joint-stock
company ("societe par  actions simplifiee) with share capital  of FRF
163,516,000, having its  registered office at Zone Industrielle  Beauchamp,
84170 Monteux, registered  with the Register of Commerce and  Companies of
Carpentras under the number  B 409 286 234.  "DUCROS GROUP" Shall mean
Ducros and the Ducros  Subsidiaries collectively.  "DUCROS SHARES" Shall
mean the 2,884,208 shares  representing the entire capital of 
Ducros.   "DUCROS SUBSIDIARIES" Shall mean the Companies listed in 
EXHIBIT 1(a).  "EXHIBIT" OR "EXHIBITS" Shall mean the documents attached to
the  present Agreement and the Exhibits to  the Exhibits.  "FRF" AND
"FRENCH FRANC(S)" Shall mean the French Franc and, after  its replacement by
the Euro, its  equivalent value in Euros.  "HERO FRANCE" Shall mean the
company Hero France, a  French joint-stock company (SOCIETE  ANONYME") with
share capital of FRF  276,720,000, having its registered  office at Zone
Industrielle, route de  Livron, 26400 Allex, registered with the  Register
of Commerce and Companies of  Die under the number B 347 681
074.  "INDEMNIFIABLE LOSS" OR "INDEMNIFIABLE LOSSES" Shall mean the loss or
losses provided  for by Article 9.     "INDEMNITY" Shall mean the amount
of  indemnification, if any, owed to the   Buyer by the Sellers in
application of  Article 9 of this Agreement.  "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT"
OR Shall mean the trademarks, patents, "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS"
designs, models, copyrights, and all  filings of trademarks, patents, etc., 
and all trade names or registered  business names, know-how and
processes.  "LAWS" Shall mean, for each company, all the  legislation or
regulations in force on  the date the Contract is signed that are 
applicable to it enacted by any  government or administrative
authority.  "KEY EMPLOYEES" Shall mean the employees listed in  EXHIBIT
8.A.7.2.1. of EXHIBIT 8.A. and  listed in EXHIBIT 8.B.7.2.1. of EXHIBIT 
8.B.  "THIRD PARTY OFFER" Shall have the definition given in  Article
7.3(b).  "PLAN" Shall have the definition given in  Article 7.10 of
EXHIBITS 8.A. and 8.B.     "MALILE AND SEMAP" Shall mean collectively the
subsidiary  and sub-subsidiary of Desserts Products  International since
January 1, 2000,  namely:   (i) Malile, a joint-stock company with  share
capital of FRF 2,000,000,  having its registered office at 40  rue de
Montlhery, 94510 Rungis,  registered with the Register of  Commerce and
Companies of Creteil  under the number B 650 026 485, and  merged into
Dessert Products  International by decision of the  Extraordinary
Shareholders\' meeting  on May 5, 2000.   (ii) Societe d\'Exploitation des
Marques  d\'Aides a la Patisserie-Semap, a  limited-liability sole 
proprietorship with share capital  of FRF 50,000, having its  registered
office at 47 rue  d\'Hauteville, 75010 Paris,  registered with the Register
of  Commerce and Companies of Paris  under the number B 404 464
976.  "LIENS" Shall mean, when referring to an asset  (including the Shares
or any other  equity), any security, privilege,  attachment, charge,
mortgage, collateral  or pledge, any rights, actions to obtain  possession,
encumbrances, easements or  restrictions of any kind whatsoever, any  call
or put options, promises of first  refusal or other rights of third parties 
(including any usufruct, joint  entitlement).  "MOVABLE PROPERTY" Shall
mean any equipment, machines,  containers, cars, lorries, installations  or
any other movable property used by  the Companies to conduct their
business.     "MUL" Shall mean the Company M and J Mul and Cie,  a
simplified partnership with a share  capital of FRF 152.000 and with its 
registered office at Quartier du  Chateau, 06580 Pegomas, registered at  the
Register of Commerce and Companies  of Grasse under the number B
417.250.396  and 49.93% of which is held by Ducros  and concerning which the
definition "to  the Sellers\' Knowledge" takes into  consideration the fact
that the Sellers  do not Control the operation of the  Company as they have
a minority  shareholding.  "PARTY" OR "PARTIES" Shall mean the Sellers(s)
and/or the  Buyer, as applicable.  "SALES PRICE" Shall mean the amount of
the Base Sales  Price of the Ducros Shares and of the  Sodis Shares,
adjusted, as the case may  be, pursuant to the provisions of  Article
3.2.  "RELATED AGREEMENTS" Shall mean any agreements or conventions  to be
signed in the Approved Terms  pursuant to Article 4 of the
Agreement.  "SHARES" Shall mean the Ducros Shares and the  Sodis
Shares.  "SODIS GROUP " Shall mean Sodis and the Sodis  Subsidiaries
collectively.  "PRODUCTS" Shall mean peppers, herbs, spices, dry 
seasonings and dry sauce mixes and  Dessert Aids.  "SODIS SHARES" Shall
mean the 3,000 shares representing  the entire capital of Sodis.  "SODIS
SUBSIDIARIES" Shall mean the Companies listed in  EXHIBIT
1(b).     "SUBSIDIARY" Shall mean collectively or individually, OR
"SUBSIDIARIES" as the case may be, legal entities over  which Ducros and
Sodis have either  direct or indirect Control, as listed  respectively in
EXHIBIT 1(a) and EXHIBIT  1(b).  "TAX" Shall mean all forms of direct or 
indirect, national or local, past or  present or deferred (which term
covers  in particular, but without limitation, A  SURSIS, A REPORT OR AN
EXONERATION  CONDITIONNELLE), taxation, including,  without limitation,
gross income, net  income, value added, real and personal  property,
business, sales, transfer,  profits, withholding, payroll, excise, 
severance or occupation taxes,  compulsory social security charges,  stamp
or registration duties, customs  and other import or export duties, 
together with any late interest,  penalties, charges, costs and expenses 
payable in connection with Tax  (including, without limitation, all 
reasonably incurred legal, accounting  and other professional fees and 
disbursements, as well as any costs  incurred in connection with guarantees 
needed for the postponement of a payment  of Tax), or any additional
amounts  (including profit-sharing payments),  imposed under a Tax
Legislation enacted  or administered by any Tax Authority.  "TAX AUTHORITY"
Shall mean, in relation to any country,  the government of that country and
any  ministry, department, political  subdivision, instrumentality,
agency,  corporation or commission under the  direct or indirect control of
such  government and responsible for a Tax.  "TAX COVENANT AND DEED OF
TAX INDEMNITY": Shall mean the agreement attached as  EXHIBIT
4.10.  "AGREEMENT FOR A DEPARTURE Shall mean the agreement attached as FROM
THE TAX CONSOLIDATED EXHIBIT 4.5. GROUP"  "TAX LEGISLATION" Shall mean any
federal, state, local,  municipal, foreign, international or  multinational
treaty, statute, law,  constitution, court decision, decree,  order,
regulation, ordinance or rule  with respect to a Tax.     "IN THE
APPROVED TERMS" Shall mean, with reference to a  document, that the terms of
this  document have been agreed by each of the  Parties hereto.  ARTICLE 2
- PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES - TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP  2.1. TRANSFER OF THE
DUCROS SHARES   CFS hereby irrevocably undertakes to transfer herein, under
the terms  and conditions set out hereinafter, and subject to the
Conditions  Precedent, the Ducros Shares to the Buyer, who irrevocably
undertakes,  under the terms and conditions set out hereinafter and subject
to the  Conditions Precedent, to purchase the Shares, free from any Liens
and  accompanied by any rights present or future, for the Sales Price for 
the Ducros Shares.   Upon transfer of the Ducros Shares, the Buyer shall own
100% (one  hundred percent) of the capital of Ducros.  2.2. TRANSFER OF THE
SODIS SHARES   EBS hereby irrevocably undertakes to transfer herein, under
the terms  and conditions set out hereinafter, and subject to the
Conditions  Precedent, the Sodis Shares to the Buyer, who irrevocably
undertakes,  under the terms and conditions set out hereinafter, and subject
to the  Conditions Precedent, to purchase the Shares, free from any Liens
and  accompanied by any rights present or future, for the Sales Price for 
the Sodis Shares.   Upon transfer of the Sodis Shares, the Buyer shall own
100% (one  hundred percent) of the capital of Sodis.  2.3. ACQUISITION OF
CERTAIN SHARES OR EQUITY BY THE SELLERS, DUCROS OR SODIS   It is agreed that
CFS irrevocably undertakes to acquire, prior to the  Closing Date, the Ducros
Shares, free from any Liens, to which shall be  attached any rights present
or future belonging to individuals or  companies on the date of this
Agreement. Details of these, including  the percentage stake in the company
capital, are given in EXHIBIT 2.3  (i);  2.4. TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP   The
transfer of title in and to the Shares shall occur on the Closing  Date. The
Buyer shall have full right, title and interest in and to the  Shares, and
the voting rights attached to the      Shares, without any restrictions
of any type whatsoever, as of the  Closing Date free and clear of any
Liens.  ARTICLE 3 - SALES PRICE  The Sales Prices for the Ducros Shares
and the Sodis Shares that the Buyer hereby agrees to pay to the Sellers on
the Closing Date shall be equal respectively to (i) the Base Sales Price for
the Ducros Shares specified below in Article 3.1.1., as adjusted (where
applicable) in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below in
Article 3.2.2, and, as the case may be, increased in accordance with Article
3.2.3, and (ii) the Base Sales Price for the Sodis Shares specified below in
Article 3.1.2.  3.1 BASE SALES PRICE  3.1.1 BASE SALES PRICE FOR THE
DUCROS SHARES   The Base Sales Price for the Ducros Shares shall be Two
Billion Four  Hundred and Fifty Million French Francs (FRF
2,450,000,000).  3.1.2 BASE SALES PRICE FOR THE SODIS SHARES   The Base
Sales Price for the Sodis Shares shall be Three Hundred  Million French
Francs (FRF 300,000,000).  3.2 ADJUSTMENT OF THE BASE SALES PRICE FOR THE
DUCROS SHARES  3.2.1 The Base Sales Price for the Ducros Shares has been
determined on the  basis of the following principles:  a) the Aggregated
Consolidated Net Position shall be equal to at least the  aggregation of the
amounts of the Proforma Net Position for the Ducros  Group and the Proforma
Net Position for Sodis Group;  b) the Actual EBIT shall be equal to at least
the amount of the Projected  EBIT, in respect of the period from January 1,
2000 up to and including  the Closing Date.  3.2.2 ADJUSTMENT OF THE BASE
SALES PRICE FOR THE DUCROS SHARES ON THE BASIS F  THE VARIATION IN THE NET
POSITIONS, THE EBIT AND THE ONE OFF ITEMS OF A  NON-RECURRING NATURE:  The
Base Sales Price for the Ducros Shares specified above in Article 3.1.1 shall
be reduced accordingly (where applicable) so that it shall duly
reflect:  (a) the negative difference resulting from the following
operation: (the  Aggregate Consolidated Net Position) minus (the aggregate
amount of the  Proforma Net Position of the Ducros Group and the Proforma Net
Position  of the Sodis Group).      This negative difference shall give
rise to a reduction in the Base  Sales Price for the Ducros Shares equal (on
a Franc for Franc basis) to  the amount of such negative difference, payable
in accordance with the  terms and conditions of Article 3.5.2.  (b) the
negative difference resulting from the following operation: (amount  of the
Actual EBIT) minus (amount of the Projected EBIT).   This negative
difference shall give rise to a reduction in the Base  Sales Price for the
Ducros Shares, payable in accordance with the terms  and conditions of
Article 3.5.2. equal to:   (i) a multiple of ten (10) times the amount of
said negative  difference, if the Closing Date occurs before August 1,
2000;   (ii) a multiple of nine (9) times the amount of said negative 
difference, if the Closing Date occurs between August 1, and  on or prior to
August 31, 2000;   (iii) a multiple of eight (8) times the amount of said
negative  difference, if the Closing Date occurs between September 1,  2000
and on or prior to September 30, 2000;   (iv) a multiple of six (6) times
the amount of said negative  difference, if the Closing Date occurs on or
after October 1,  2000.  (c) the amount which results from any one off
items of a non-recurring  nature which would have resulted in an adjustment
under French GAAP, of  (i) the 1999 Consolidated Accounts of the Ducros
Group, or (ii) the  1999 Consolidated Accounts of the Sodis Group, or (iii)
the audited  financial statements for fiscal year 1999 for Malile, which
was  excluded from the calculation of the Actual EBIT for the purposes of 
Article 3.2.2(b) above, shall give rise to a reduction, on a Franc for  Franc
basis, of the Base Sales Price for the Ducros Shares payable in  accordance
with the terms and conditions of Article 3.5.2.  3.2.3 The Base Sales Price
for the Ducros Shares shall be increased by an  amount of Twenty-Three
Million French Francs (FRF 23,000,000).   Said amount shall be payable to
CFS in accordance with the provisions  set out below in Article 3.5.2.  3.3
INDICATIONS FOR CALCULATING THE ACTUAL EBIT  For the sole purpose of
calculating the Actual EBIT:  a) All expenses charged by the Sellers or one
of their Affiliates on the  one hand to one of the Companies on the other
hand will be calculated  in conformity with prior practice. With regards to
the amounts  appearing on the line entitled "EBS Fees" and "Logo"
such       amounts charged to the Companies will not be less than 95%
nor more  than 105% of the budgeted amounts set forth in EXHIBIT 1(c)2;  b)
Transactions between the Sellers or one of their Affiliates on the one  hand
and one of the Companies on the other hand which take place  between January
1, 2000 up to and including the Closing Date, or any  transactions entered
into between such Companies or omitted during this  period, which would have
the effect, either directly or indirectly, of  artificially increasing,
including by acceleration, the revenues of the  Companies or artificially
decreasing or deferring their expenditure for  this period (including but not
limited to assumption of expenses  relating to the Companies Activities,
releases of liabilities or asset  transfers, changes to terms of agreement
between any of the Sellers or  their Affiliates and any of the
Companies):   i) shall not be taken into account in case of an increase in 
profit, including by acceleration; and   ii) shall be charged to the
Companies in the case of a decrease or  deferral of expenditure,   it being
agreed that (i) the "PRIME DE REMERCIEMENTS" for an  approximate amount of
FRF 2,000,000 (including employers social  charges), specifically provided
for in the "PROTOCOLE D\'ACCORD DE  REPRISE DE TRAVAIL" dated June 21, 2000,
shall be paid by EBS, and (ii)  no costs or charges shall be made to or borne
by the Ducros Group or  the Sodis Group in connection with the sale
contemplated by this  Agreement;  c) For the purposes of verification and
validation by the Buyer of the  amounts charged to the Companies by the
Sellers or any of their  Affiliates, the Sellers shall provide the Buyer with
documents  justifying the calculations thereof and the Sellers will answer 
reasonable questions asked by the Buyer on such calculations.  3.4
ADJUSTMENT PROCEDURE  In connection with the adjustment procedure (if any),
the Sellers and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:  a) The Aggregate
Consolidated Net Position and the Actual EBIT shall be  determined in
accordance with French GAAP. Ducros procedures may be  used in preparation of
these amounts to the extent such procedures are  in conformity with French
GAAP.   If the Sellers and the Buyer were to decide that, in order to
determine  the Aggregate Consolidated Net Position and/or the Actual EBIT,
it  would be necessary to carry out a physical stock take of one or all of 
the Companies of the Ducros Group, both Sellers and Buyer shall  participate
therein; each Party shall be represented by its auditors.  b) Within a
period of ninety (90) Business Days from the Closing Date, the  Buyer shall
notify the Sellers (i) the amount of the Aggregate  Consolidated Net
Position, (ii) the      amount of the Actual EBIT, (iii) the amount
determined pursuant to  Article 3.2.2 c) and (iv) the amount of the reduction
in the price,  together with documentary evidence on said amounts.   During
this 90 (ninety) day period, the Sellers and the Buyer shall  have to agree
on the methods of calculation and the amount of Tax  provisions to be
recorded in the accounting documents which are  necessary for the preparation
or the calculation of the Closing Date  Consolidated Balance Sheets for
Ducros, the Closing Date Consolidated  Balance Sheets for Sodis, the
Aggregate Consolidated Net Position,the  Actual EBIT, and the amount
determined pursuant to Article 3.2.2.c).   Such provisions must be recorded
in the Closing Date Consolidated  Balance Sheet for the Ducros Group and the
Closing Date Consolidated  Balance Sheet for the Sodis Group and shall be
specific and itemized  per company of the Ducros Group and per company of the
Sodis Group and  by type of Tax.. These details shall also be set out on a
schedule  attached to the Consolidated Balance Sheets.   In the case of a
disagreement between the Sellers and the Buyer, such  disagreement shall be
settled by the Accounting Firm in accordance with  the provisions of Article
3.4. c) to g).  c). As part of the verification and validation of the
amounts stated above  by the Sellers (and solely for this purpose), after
their receipt, the  Buyer (i) shall provide the Sellers or their advisors,
with any  necessary information or documents and (ii) shall allow the
Sellers\'  advisors, who shall be bound by a confidentiality obligation, to
have  access to any person who was involved in their preparation, subject
to  approval by the Buyer of the conditions of involvement, such approval 
shall not be unreasonably withheld, and such involvement being  reasonable
and not disruptive to the Companies\' business. The Buyer  shall give them
access to the working papers relating to the accounting  documents used to
determine (i) the Aggregate Net Position, (ii) the  Actual EBIT, (iii) the
one off items of a non-recurring nature which  would not have been taken into
account for the purposes of calculating  the Actual EBIT and which would give
rise to the price reduction  stipulated in Article 3.2.2 c) above, and (iv)
the Closing Date  Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Ducros Group and the
Closing Date  Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Sodis Group.   The Sellers
shall notify the Buyer of their disagreement with one or  more of the above
amount(s) within a period of thirty (30) Business  Days after the notice
referred to above in Article 3.4 (b) above.   In this case, the Parties
shall attempt to resolve their dispute within  a period of thirty (30)
Business Days following the above notice from  the Sellers. Said notice from
the Sellers must specify each proposed  modification and the reasons for such
modification. Those issues that  are not in dispute shall be deemed to have
been accepted jointly by the  Parties.   If the Parties are unable to reach
an agreement within said period of  thirty (30) Business Days, the Parties
will take their dispute before  the Accounting Firm. If this
Accounting      Firm is unable to accept its mission, it will be replaced
in the  following manner: the Parties shall jointly designate another 
Accounting Firm of international renown within five (5) Business Days  from
the refusal of the Accounting Firm. If the Parties are unable to  reach
agreement within five (5) Business Days, the Accounting Firm  shall be
appointed pursuant to an order rendered by the PRESIDENT DU  TRIBUNAL DE
COMMERCE (Chief Judge of the Commercial Court) of Paris,  deciding in summary
proceedings (REFERE), upon the petition filed by  the most diligent
party.  d) The fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be split
50-50  between the Sellers and the Buyer.  e) The assignment of the
Accounting Firm shall be limited to the  resolution of those matters in
dispute between the Parties. The  findings of the Accounting Firm shall be
binding on the Parties, shall  be final and shall not be subject to
appeal.  f) The Buyer and the Sellers hereby irrevocably agree (i) to
provide the  Accounting Firm with access to any information, documents and
persons  necessary for it to perform its assignment, and (ii) to respect 
bilateral procedures (DU CONTRADICTOIRE) with regard to each other.  g) The
Accounting Firm (i) must strictly comply with the rules on  independent and
bilateral procedures (PRINCIPE DU CONTRADICTOIRE) with  regard to the
Parties, (ii) shall be bound by the confidentiality  clause set out below in
Article 11.5 (iii) shall file its report within  60 days of being
designated.  h) It is agreed that a generating factor which has given rise
to a price  reduction pursuant to anyone of Articles 3.2.2 a), or 3.2.2 b) or
3.2.2  c) shall not give rise to another price reduction under another of 
these articles.  3.5 TERMS OF PAYMENT OF THE SALES PRICE  3.5.1 PAYMENT OF
THE BASE SALES PRICES  On the Closing Date, the Buyer shall pay to the
Sellers the Base Sales Prices for the Ducros Shares and the Sodis Shares, by
means of irrevocable wire transfers (VIREMENTS BANCAIRES IRREVOCABLES) paid
into the bank accounts for which the particulars shall be notified by the
Sellers to the Buyer no less than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing
Date:  - a wire transfer of FRF 2.450.000.000 (Two Billion Four Hundred
and  Fifty Million French Francs) as the payment of the Base Sales Price
for  the Ducros Shares;  - a wire transfer of FRF 300,000,000 (Three
Hundred Million French  Francs) as the payment of the Base Sales Price for
the Sodis Shares.     3.5.2 TERMS OF PAYMENT OF THE ADJUSTMENT IN THE
BASE SALES PRICE FOR THE  DUCROS SHARES  a) CFS hereby irrevocably agrees
(where applicable) to reimburse the Buyer  for the amount of the reductions
in the Base Sales Price calculated in  accordance with the provisions of
Article 3.2.2 above, within a period  of fifteen (15) Business Days after (i)
the agreement between CFS and  the Buyer as to the amounts of the Aggregate
Consolidated Net Position,  the Actual EBIT and the amount determined
pursuant to Article 3.2.2(c),  or (ii) the filing of the report of Accounting
Firm on the amount of  the Aggregate Consolidated Net Position, the Actual
EBIT, and on the  amount determined pursuant to Article 3.2.2(c). Any amounts
owed to the  Buyer in accordance with the provisions of Article 3.2.2 above
shall  bear interest on the basis of the EURIBOR monthly rate for the
period  running from the Closing Date until the date of payment. If the
EURIBOR  cease to be published, it shall be replaced as of right by the
interest  rate that replaces it.  b) The amounts (if any) owed by CFS shall
be set-off against the amount of  FRF 23,000,000 (Twenty-Three Million French
Francs) owed by the Buyer  in accordance with the provisions of Article
3.2.3. This amount of FRF  23,000,000 (Twenty-Three Million French Francs)
shall not be deemed to  be a ceiling for the adjustment of the Base Sales
Price for the Ducros  Shares.  c) The Buyer hereby irrevocably agrees to
pay to CFS the amount of FRF  23,000,000 (Twenty-Three Million French
Francs), or any remaining sum  still owed after the set-off performed in
accordance with the  provisions of Article 3.5.2. (b) above, within a period
of fifteen (15)  Business Days after (i) the agreement between CFS and the
Buyer as to  the amounts of the Aggregate Consolidated Net Position, the
Actual EBIT  and the amount determined pursuant to Article 3.2.2(c) or (ii)
the  filing of the report of Accounting Firm on the amount of the Aggregate 
Consolidated Net Position, the Actual EBIT, and on the amount  determined
pursuant to Article 3.2.2(c). Any amounts owed to CFS in  accordance with the
provisions of Article 3.2.3 above shall bear  interest on the basis of the
EURIBOR monthly rate for the period  running from the Closing Date until the
date of payment. If the EURIBOR  ceases to be published, it shall be replaced
as of right by the  interest rate which replaces it.  ARTICLE 4 - RELATED
AGREEMENTS AND UNDERTAKINGS  Prior to the transfer of the Shares by the
Sellers to the Buyer, the Sellers irrevocably undertake to sign or have
signed or to conclude or have concluded in the Approved Terms the following
agreements or undertakings, which are essential conditions for the transfer
of the Shares.  4.1. Not used.  4.2. Not used.  4.3. Assignment of
ownership of the trademarks held by Ducros International  B.V. to Ducros,
which are listed on EXHIBIT 4.3.     4.4. Letters informing the Sellers
of the hiring of Mr. Thierry Henault and  Mr. Loic Corbille by one of the
Buyer\'s Affiliates under the condition  precedent that the transaction,
object of this Agreement, closes, and  their letters of resignation from
their positions with EBS, with no  conditions other than the closing of the
transaction which is the  object of this Agreement in the forms attached as
EXHIBIT 4.4, or if  there are no such letters of hiring and letters of
resignation, an  undertaking to take on the employment contracts of Mr.
Thierry Henault  and Mr. Loic Corbille and the ancillary agreements to these
work  contracts, also attached in EXHIBIT 4.4.  4.5 Agreement for a
departure from the Tax Consolidation Group amongst  Ducros, EBS and the
Buyer, in accordance with the agreement attached as  EXHIBIT 4.5.  4.6
Agreements related to the conditions for terminating the cash-pooling 
agreement binding the Companies to EBS or to the Affiliates of EBS, in 
accordance with the agreement attached as EXHIBIT 4.6, and for the  related
reimbursements or payments to be completed by the amounts owed  by one or the
other Parties.  4.7 Acceptance by the Buyer of the transfer to it or to any
company  substituted for it, including Ducros, of undertakings by the Sellers
or  their Affiliates of the letters of guarantee, security or comfort 
granted by the Sellers or the Affiliates of the Sellers, copies of  which are
attached as EXHIBIT 4.7 either by means of a full and final  release from the
beneficiary in the form of a counter guarantee by the  Buyer in identical
terms of the undertakings of the Sellers or the  Affiliates of the Sellers,
in such a way that the Sellers or their  Affiliates are entirely
released.  4.8 Agreements related to the conditions for terminating the
license for  the use of the EBS logo, in accordance with the agreement
attached as  EXHIBIT 4.8, to be completed by the amounts owed by one or the
other  Parties.  4.9 Agreements related to the termination conditions of
the service  contracts between the Sellers and the Companies whose list is
set forth  in EXHIBIT 4.9 to be completed by the amounts owed by one or the
other  of the Parties.  4.10 Tax Covenant and Deed of Tax Indemnity,
attached as EXHIBIT 4.10.  ARTICLE 5 - COMPLETION OF THE TRANSFER -
DOCUMENTS TO BE DELIVERED BY THE SELLERS AND BY THE BUYER - INSURANCE  5.1.
Closing Date  The closing of the Share transfer shall take place at the
latest on the expiry of a period of five (5) Business Days following the
fulfillment of the last of all the Conditions Precedent provided for under
Article 10 or on any other date as mutually agreed upon by the Parties and at
the time set forth on the share transfer certificates (the "CLOSING
DATE").     The Closing shall take place during a meeting held in the
offices of the law firm C.L.andA; (5, rue Beaujon 75008 Paris) or at another
place as mutually agreed upon by the Parties.  5.2. DOCUMENTS TO BE
DELIVERED BY THE SELLERS  The Sellers irrevocably undertake to deliver the
following documents each in the Approved Terms to the Buyer on the Closing
Date, subject to the Buyer satisfying the requirements of this Article
5.  5.2.1. Share transfer certificates to the Buyer duly completed and
signed,  indicating the time of the Closing of the Transaction and pertaining
to  all of the Shares.  5.2.2. Letters from the Sellers reiterating the
representations and warranties  stipulated in Article 8 below in the form
attached as EXHIBIT 5.2.2..  5.2.3. Tax documents necessary for the
registration of the Share transfers in  the form attached as EXHIBIT
5.2.3..  5.2.4. Where applicable (i) share transfer registers, (ii)
shareholder  registers, (iii) registers of the minutes from the
Shareholders\'  General Meetings and meetings of the Board of Directors of
Ducros and  Sodis, all updated as of the date herein, it being stated that
the  Registers ("Corporate books") of the French Companies shall be placed 
at the Buyer\'s disposal at its first demand and the registers of  Companies
with their registered office abroad will be available to be  Buyer at their
registered office;  5.2.5. Letters of resignation of:  (a) the legal
representatives ("MANDATAIRES SOCIAUX") of the Companies  listed in EXHIBIT
5.2.5 (i), and indicated therein as having resigned;  (b) the members of the
Board of Directors of the Companies with appropriate  waivers of claims and
release related to their position as a board  member also listed in EXHIBIT
5.2.5 (i).  5.2.6. Notice of an Ordinary General Meeting of the shareholders
of Ducros to  take place on the Closing Date for the purpose of acknowledging
the  resignations of the foregoing members of the Board of Directors with 
release and appointing new members to the Board of Directors of
Ducros.  5.2.7. Notice of an Ordinary General Meeting of the Shareholder of
Sodis, to  take place on the Closing Date for the purpose of appointing a
new  Chairman.  5.2.8. Minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors of
CFS authorizing the  transfer of the Shares to the Buyer.     5.2.9.
Minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors of Ducros approving  the
Buyer as a new shareholder.  5.2.10. Minutes of the meetings (i) of the
European Group-Level Workers Council  of EBS, (ii) of the Central Workers
Council of EBS and (iii) the  Central Workers Council of Ducros, duly
convened and held prior to the  signing of the Contract, pertaining to the
transfer of the Shares to  the Buyer and outlining the opinion of the said
workers councils.  5.2.11. The assignment agreements in which Marc Laronche
undertakes to sell to  Ducros the shares that he holds in the capital of
Ducros SRL and in the  capital of Ducros SA (Espagne) attached as EXHIBIT
5.2.11.  5.2.12. Amendments terminating agreements drawn up between (i) the
Sellers and  the Companies and (ii) the Companies and the Affiliates of the
Sellers  as listed in Article 4, in the form of the agreement attached
thereto.  5.2.13. A receipt duly signed by each of the Sellers for the Base
Sales Prices.  5.2.14. Undertakings to return the shares held by individuals
duly signed by  them. The list of such individuals and their shareholdings is
set forth  in EXHIBIT 5.2.14.  5.2.15. Non-compete undertaking from
Montedison in the form attached as  EXHIBIT 5.2.15.   5.3. DELIVERY BY THE
BUYER  The Buyer irrevocably undertakes to deliver the following items to
the Sellers during the Closing meeting subject to the Sellers duly satisfying
the other requirements of this Article 5.  5.3.1. The Base Sales Price
pursuant to the provisions of Article 3.5.1.  5.3.2. The extract from the
minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors  of the Buyer authorising
the acquisition of the Shares from the  Sellers.  5.3.3. Copies of the
release, along with the corresponding original  undertakings or copies of the
counter guarantees of the Buyer for the  letters of guarantee, or comfort
replacing the letters of guarantee or  comfort issued by the Sellers or their
Affiliates, copies of which are  attached as EXHIBIT 4.7.  5.4. DELIVERY BY
THE SELLERS AND/OR THE BUYER  The Sellers and/or the Buyer, as the case may
be, irrevocably undertake to deliver during the Closing meeting:  (a)
signed copies of the Related Agreements other than those mentioned in 
Article 5.2.12.;     (b) the means of payment or evidence that such
payments have been made,  corresponding to the reimbursement of the
reciprocal financial debts  among the Sellers and their Affiliates and the
Companies in order that  there is no financial debt between these
companies.  5.5. INSURANCE  The Buyer shall subscribe to new insurance
policies necessary for the operation of the Companies from the Closing Date.
The Companies\' insurance policies listed in EXHIBIT 5.5 being subscribed to
within the framework of insurance policies of the EBS Group, will
automatically be terminated upon the Closing Date.  5.6. TRANSITIONAL
SERVICES AGREEMENTS  The Buyer may ask the Sellers to supply it with
transitional services agreements from the list attached as Exhibit 5.6, under
the terms and conditions negotiated by the Parties in good faith.  5.7.
DISTRIBUTION OF AGREEMENTS  The Parties shall negotiate in good faith and
prior to the Closing Date the terms and conditions of the continuation of the
distribution agreements between Ducros Distribution Benelux, the Affiliates
of the Seller and the companies Lesieur and Carapelli Firenze SpA, it being
understood that if no agreement is reached, these agreements will be
terminated without notice at Closing Date pursuant to their article
2.  ARTICLE 6 - CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  Unless otherwise contemplated or
permitted by this Agreement; between the date of signature of the Contract
and the Closing Date:  6.1 The Sellers shall use their best efforts to cause
each of the Companies  (except for Mul) to:   (i) conduct its business and
activities diligently in the ordinary  course of business consistent with
past practice; and   (ii) not, without the prior written consent of the
Buyer and such  consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, enter into any 
transaction outside the ordinary course of business or  involving for each of
the Companies a commitment or a sale of  assets for an amount in excess of
five million (5,000,000)  French Francs, or for an amount in excess of twelve
million  (12,000,000) French Francs with respect to (i) purchase orders  for
peppers and almonds, (ii) currency transactions related to  the      
foregoing purchases, and (iii) intra groups transactions  within EBS pursuant
to the contracts attached hereto.   To this effect, the Sellers shall use
their best efforts to  and shall cause each of the Companies to, not without
the  prior written consent of the Buyer and such consent shall not  be
unreasonably withheld, change their respective present  management, including
the Key Employees, and to not materially  change their business and
administrative organization and  their relations with their customers and
suppliers.   The Sellers (i) shall not and shall cause each of the 
Companies (except for Mul) to not take any action outside of  the ordinary
course of business of the Companies which would  render the representations
and warranties provided in EXHIBIT  8.A. and EXHIBIT 8.B. inexact at the
Closing Date, except with  the prior written consent of the Buyer, which
shall not be  unreasonably withheld; and (ii) will not grant, assign and 
shall cause each of the Companies to not grant or assign any  right or Lien
over the Intellectual Property Rights to third  parties.  6.2. The Sellers
shall not conclude any agreement, obligation or contract  limiting or
restricting its right to transfer the Shares or modifying  the number of
shares of the Companies, except those related to the  current increase in the
share capital of Ducros Polska.  6.3 The Sellers will provide monthly
management accounts ("REPORTING") to  be delivered within thirty (30) days of
the end of the relevant month  or at such earlier time as they are
available.   ARTICLE 7 - NON-COMPETITION CLAUSE  7.1. The Sellers shall
and shall procure that the subsidiaries over which  they have Control shall
irrevocably refrain from the Closing Date from  carrying out in any of the
countries as listed in Article 7.2 below,  either directly or indirectly, the
Activities or any other activity  that competes with the Activities.  7.2.
The present non-competition clause shall be valid for 4 (four) years  from
the Closing Date and shall be limited to the Member States of the  European
Union, the overseas departments and territories of France and  those
countries in which at the date of this Agreement the Products are  produced,
marketed or distributed by the Companies in a  "non-occasional" manner.  
This non-competition clause shall not apply to sugar, sugar  derivatives, and
edible products made primarily from sugar, or  non-edible products made from
sugar, or any products that can be  substituted in whole or in part for sugar
processed, packaged,  manufactured, marketed, traded or distributed by EBS
and/or by its  Affiliated Companies.      For the purposes of this
Article, the term "SUGAR DERIVATIVES" shall  not include the type of products
made and marketed under the trademarks  "VAHINE" and "MALILE" at the date of
signature of this Agreement, by  the Ducros Group except for (i) flavored
sugar that EBS and / or its  Affiliates reserve the right to manufacture and
market in packaging and  under presentation which is not that habitually used
by Vahine and  Malile at the date of signature of the Contract and, (ii) the
products  manufactured and marketed by the Sellers and their Subsidiaries
(other  than the Ducros Group) at the date of signature of the
Agreement.  7.3. a) In the event that, during such four (4) year period,
in  connection with a transaction concerning an acquisition of a  company or
a joint-venture involving mainly an activity other  than the Activities, the
Sellers would take Control of a  company carrying out, directly or through
the intermediary of  an Affiliate, an activity competing with the Activities,
the  Sellers shall use their best efforts to sell the business  activity
that competes with the Activities within a period of  one (1) year from the
effective date of the acquisition under  the terms and conditions of Article
7.3 b) and c) below. In  the event that the Sellers are unable to sell said
competing  business activities within the period specified above, the 
Sellers irrevocably undertake to take the measures necessary  to ensure that
they shall not exercise any Control that they  may hold, and that they shall
not directly manage such  competing business activities.   b) (i) The
Sellers agree to place up the competing business  activities for sale
immediately after the effective  date of acquisition thereof.   (ii) Prior
to the sale of the competing business  activities pursuant to a serious offer
from a third  party (the "THIRD PARTY OFFER"), the Sellers must  give notice
of said offer to the Buyer. The notice  must contain a written copy of the
Third Party Offer  that sets out the essential terms and conditions 
thereof, the sale price, the method of payment and  the proposed consummation
date, and ((beta)) evidence  that the third party in question has the
proven  capacity (from both a financial and legal standpoint)  to consummate
the transaction.   (iii) The Buyer shall have a period of thirty (30) days 
after the date of receipt of the notice either to  accept or to reject the
sale, in accordance with the  same terms and conditions as those of the Third
Party  Offer. In the event that the Buyer accepts the sale,  such sale must
be consummated by the date proposed in  the Third Party Offer or at another
date agreed upon  by the Sellers and the Buyer.   (iv) Upon the expiration
of said period of thirty (30)  days or upon the receipt of the Buyer\'s
refusal to  purchase prior to said period, the Sellers shall then  have the
right to sell such business activity, but  only under terms and conditions
which will not be  more favorable to the third party than those  contained
in the Third Party Offer.      (v) In the event that the Sellers do not
receive any  serious offer from a third party within a period of  six (6)
months after the effective date of  acquisition of the competing business
activities, the  provisions of Article 7.3 c) below shall apply.   c) (i)
Within a period of two (2) months from the expiration  of the period of six
(6) months referred to above in  Article 7.3 b)(v), the Sellers shall offer
the  competing business activity to the Buyer to be  purchased at a price to
be established by the Sellers  on the basis of the market value.   Within a
period of thirty (30) days after the date of  the Buyer\'s receipt of the
offer thus transmitted by  the Sellers, the Parties shall meet and negotiate
in  good faith the sales price, and the other terms of  the sale for the
purpose of determining whether an  agreement can be reached in respect of the
Buyer\'s  acquisition of the competing business activities.   (ii) In the
event that, within a period of forty-five (45)  days after the date of the
Buyer\'s receipt of said  price offer, the Parties have not reached any 
agreement in respect of such acquisition, the Sellers  and the Buyer shall
meet in order to appoint an  independent third party expert, whose
assignment  shall be to determine the fair price for the  acquisition of the
competing business activity. The  independent expert must be appointed
pursuant to a  joint decision by the Parties, within a period of  fifteen
(15) days after the expiration of the  aforementioned period of forty-five
(45) days.  Failing any such agreement between the Parties by the  end of
said period of fifteen (15) days, the  independent expert shall be designated
pursuant to an  order to be rendered by the Chief Judge of the  TRIBUNAL DE
COMMERCE (Commercial Court) of Paris,  ruling in summary proceedings
(REFERE), upon a  petition filed by the most diligent Party.   The fees and
the expenses of the independent expert  shall be split equally between the
Sellers and the  Buyer.   The Sellers and the Buyer hereby irrevocably
agree to  provide the independent expert with any information  and documents
that may be relevant for the purpose of  determining the fair price.   The
independent expert must comply with the principle  of bilateral procedures
(PRINCIPE DU CONTRADICTOIRE),  with the confidentiality clause appearing in
Article  11.5. of this Agreement and must file his report  within 2 months
of being designated.   (iii) Within a period of fifteen (15) days after the
filing  of the independent expert\'s report, the Buyer must  state whether
it intends to acquire the competing  business activities, in which case such
sale must be      consummated within a period of fifteen (15) days 
thereafter, and the sales price must be paid in cash  by the Buyer, against
delivers by the Sellers of the  deeds of title in and to the competing
business  activities.  7.4. For a period of three (3) years starting from
the Closing Date the  Sellers shall not (and shall procure that the
subsidiaries that they  Control shall not) directly or indirectly solicit for
employment the  Key Employees without the prior written consent of the
Buyer.  ARTICLE 8 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  8.1 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLERS  The Sellers hereby jointly and severally
grant the Buyer warranties in the form of representations and warranties
provided in the Exhibits (EXHIBIT 8.A. for Ducros and EXHIBIT 8.B. for Sodis)
and undertake to reiterate the said representations and warranties on the day
of the Closing Date.  The terms of indemnification in respect of the
warranties other than those regarding Taxes are set out in Article 9.1 below,
and the terms of indemnification in respect of the warranties regarding Taxes
are set out in EXHIBITS 4.5 and 4.10.  8.2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE BUYER   The Buyer represents and warrants to the Sellers and
undertakes to  reiterate the said representations and warranties on the day
of the  Closing Date, that:  a) It is a validly incorporated and registered
company in accordance with  the Laws of Maryland, USA, has full capacity to
own its assets and  carry out its activities as currently conducted.  b) It
has full capacity to execute this Agreement and the other documents  referred
to in this Agreement and it is not subject to any legal  recovery or
bankruptcy proceedings or their equivalent according to the  law of Maryland,
USA, or to any moratorium proceeding with respect to  payment of its
liabilities.  c) There are no claims, lawsuits, proceedings, arbitration
proceedings,  legal or administrative proceedings against it underway or any
threats  of claims, lawsuits, proceedings, arbitration, legal or
administrative  proceedings likely to challenge (i) the validity of the
Buyer\'s  signature of the Agreement, (ii) the fulfillment of the obligations
of  the Buyer pursuant to the Agreement or of one of the documents cited in 
the Agreement, or (iii) the Buyer\'s execution of the transactions 
anticipated herein.  d) The signing of the Agreement and completion of the
operations contained  therein:      (i) do not violate any term or
provision of the bylaws of the  Buyer or any agreement to which it is
party;   (ii) do not require, subject to the provisions of Article 10.1.
and  12 below, any consent, authorization or action by any  government
entity, or any filing with or notification of any  government entity by the
Buyer under any Law whatsoever.  e) It is capable of financing the
obligations undertaken by it under this  Agreement.  The indemnification
procedure under this guarantee is provided for by Article 9.2.  ARTICLE 9 -
INDEMNIFICATION  9.1 INDEMNIFICATION BY THE SELLERS WITH A TRIGGERING FACTOR
OTHER THAN TAX  9.1.1 EXTENT OF THE GUARANTEE  The Sellers undertake
jointly and severally to indemnify the Buyer as a reduction in the Sales
Price (the "Indemnity") of the Ducros Shares or the Sales Price of the Sodis
Shares as the case may be, for any loss (the "Indemnifiable Loss") resulting
from:  a) a reduction in the amount of any asset or an increase in the
amount of  any liability resulting from a liability not recorded in the
1999  Proforma Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Ducros Group or in the
1999  Consolidated Accounts of the Sodis Group, or from insufficient
reserves  in the 1999 Proforma Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Ducros
Group or  the 1999 Consolidated Accounts of the Sodis Group, where the cause
or  origin of this reduction in assets or increase in liabilities is prior 
to or on December 31, 1999, or;  b) an inaccuracy or omission in the
representations and warranties set  forth in EXHIBIT 8.A. for Ducros and in
EXHIBIT 8.B. for Sodis where  the cause or origin of this inaccuracy or
omission is prior to, or on,  the Closing Date or the date indicated in the
relevant representation  or warranty and to the extent that the Indemnifiable
Loss would not  have been indemnified by application of the provisions
contained in  Article 9.1.1(a) above, or  c) any breach of any other
covenants and obligations of the Sellers which  they have undertaken under
the terms of this Agreement.   The Indemnifiable Loss shall include
reasonable lawyer\'s fees and costs  incurred by the Buyer with respect to
its claim arising from a third  party or against a third
party.     9.1.2. METHODS FOR CALCULATING THE INDEMNIFIABLE
LOSS  9.1.2.1 For the purpose of calculating the Indemnity that the Sellers
might be  obligated to pay the Buyer under this warranty, the Parties agree
that:   a) In the case of a claim where the cause or the origin results 
from the accounts or the representations and warranties  regarding any assets
or liabilities of Desserts Products  International or Mul, the Indemnity will
be calculated by  taking into account the equity interest Ducros holds in
them  of fifty one percent (51%) for Dessert Products International  and
forty nine percent (49%), for MUL, of the amount of the  Indemnifiable
Loss.   b) Any decrease in assets or increase in liabilities giving rise 
to a claim under this warranty shall be off-set against any  increase in
assets or decrease in liabilities of the same  accounting nature (e.g.
recapture of provision for client  debts against non-payment of a client
debt; recapture of  provision for litigation against court order to pay a sum
of  money with respect to a litigation).   c) The Indemnity will only be
due for amounts above the provisions recorded in the 1999 Proforma Balance
Sheet for the Ducros Group or the 1999 Consolidated Accounts for the Sodis
Group with respect to the event giving rise to the claim.   d) The amount
of the indemnity due in relation to a claim (i) will be decreased by any
amount of insurance indemnity paid to one of the companies of the Ducros
Group or the Sodis Group or to the Buyer in relation to the relevant claim,
if needs be, prior to the payment of the Indemnity (ii) and in this case
increased by the Tax which will be paid-up on receipt of such insurance
indemnity.   e) The provisions contained in Article 9 of the Tax Covenant
and Deed of Tax Indemnity, apply for the purposes of calculating the
corresponding Resulting Relief as defined in said Article 9.   f) A single
cause may only give rise to a single indemnity payment in respect of the
present guarantee and a single event comprising two or more simultaneous
violations of the warranty may only be compensated on one occasion.   g)
Any reduction in assets or increase in liabilities sustained by Desserts
Products International or Malile and Semap shall only be taken into account
for the purposes of calculating the Indemnity insofar as Hero France has not
indemnified Ducros or Dessert Products International under
the representations and warranties that Hero France granted Ducros within
the framework of the contribution to Desserts Products International of the
shares making up the capital of Malile, pursuant to the "JOINT VENTURE
AGREEMENT UNDER THE CONDITIONS PRECEDENT" of November 8, 1999. Consequently,
Ducros or the Buyer must have enforced such representations and warranties
beforehand in accordance with their provisions unless its legal counsel
provides it an opinion, and after consulting with the Sellers and their legal
counsel, that its chances of success are unlikely.      h) Furthermore,
in order that the Buyer is not indemnified several times, no Indemnity will
be due for any cause which has been taken into account for the calculation of
(i) the Actual EBIT or (ii) the Aggregated Consolidated Net Position or (iii)
the amount determined pursuant to Article 3.2.2.c) of this
Agreement.  9.1.2.2 The Sellers shall be subrogated in the rights of the
Companies or the Buyer vis-a-vis (i) the Sellers\' or the relevant company\'s
insurance company and (ii) vis-a-vis third parties in respect of any
Indemnity payment in case of coverage of the corresponding risk or any
Indemnity payment corresponding to a claim filed by such third parties.  
Furthermore, in the event of an insurance settlement being paid out after an
Indemnity has been paid by the Sellers, the Buyer irrevocably undertakes to
reimburse within ten (10) Business Days following receipt thereof, less the
Buyer\'s reasonable costs incurred in connection with the enforcement of the
Indemnity and recovery of the insurance, the amount of this insurance payment
immediately to the Seller that paid the corresponding amount of an Indemnity.
Such amount shall be decreased by the Tax which will be paid on the insurance
indemnity. This also applies to the debts of Companies settled by a debtor
following payment of a corresponding indemnity by the Buyer, including within
the framework of the enforcement of a warranty agreement.  This clause, as
well as the clause which appears at Article 9.1.2.1 d), will also apply in
the case of a reduction to the Sales Price of the Ducros Shares in conformity
with the provisions of Article 3.2.2 c).  9.1.2.3 The information, in
particular, documents, facts, contracts, events, clearly brought to the
Buyer\'s attention in this Agreement and/or its Exhibits and/or in the
Exhibits of the representations and warranties stipulated in EXHIBIT 8.A and
in EXHIBIT 8.B are elements that discharge the Sellers from their liability
under these representations and warranties. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
there shall be no discharge of the Sellers\' possible liability regarding
those matters listed on EXHIBIT 9.1.2.3  9.1.2.4 The Buyer undertakes, for
itself and for the Companies, to take all reasonable measures in order to
limit either the effects of an event which may give rise to an Indemnifiable
Loss, or the amount of the Indemnifiable Loss itself.  9.1.3. THRESHOLD AND
CEILING  The Parties agree that indemnification by the Sellers in respect of
the present Article 9 shall be limited as provided
below:  9.1.3.1.THRESHOLD / DEDUCTIBLE   (a) No Indemnity in respect of
Indemnifiable Losses shall be owed to the Buyer by the Sellers as long as the
cumulative amount of the Indemnifiable Losses accumulated by the Sellers is
less than FRF 7,500,000 (seven million five hundred thousand French francs),
it being     stated that any Indemnifiable Loss of an amount less than
FRF 25,000 (twenty five thousand French Francs) will be excluded from the
scope of application of the warranty except for any Indemnifiable Loss in
relation to claims of an identical nature the amount of each being less than
FRF 25,000 (twenty five thousand French Francs) but together exceeding FRF
25,000 which will be treated as one single claim for the purposes of
calculating the FRF 25,000 (twenty five thousand French Francs).   (b) In
the event that the trigger threshold as set forth in Article 9.1.3.1 (a) is
exceeded, the indemnification obligation of the Sellers shall be due only for
the portion in excess of FRF 2,500,000 (two million five hundred thousand
French francs).   (c) However, the threshold of FRF 7,500,000 (seven million
five hundred thousand French Francs) and the deductible of FRF 2,500,000.
(two million five hundred thousand French Francs) provided for in Article
9.1.3.1.a) and Article 9.1.3.1 b) shall not apply to any Indemnifiable Loss
arising out of (i) title to the shares of the companies of the Ducros Group
and the shares of the companies of the Sodis Group (ii) trademarks, and (iii)
Taxes, it being specified that:   - the exclusion of any Indemnifiable Loss
for an amount of less than FRF 25,000. will not apply for Taxes and,   -
the amount of any Indemnity owed by the Sellers to the Buyer in respect of an
Indemnifiable Loss where its cause is in one of the three items described in
paragraphs i),ii), and iii) of this Article 9.1.3.1 c) will not be taken into
account for calculating the threshold provided for in Article 9.1.3.1 a)
which will continue to apply to claims whose cause is found in the
other items.  9.1.3.2.CEILING   a) The total amount of Indemnity for
which the Sellers shall be liable pursuant to this warranty shall not exceed
(i) a sum equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the total amount of the
Sales Price for the Shares for Indemnifiable Losses arising out of title to
shares of the companies of the Ducros Group or the shares of the companies of
the Sodis Group (ii) a sum equal to 60% (sixty percent) of the total amount
of the Sales Price for the Shares for Indemnifiable Losses arising out of
trademark issues and (iii) a sum equal to 30% (thirty percent) of the total
amount of the Sales Price for the Shares for all other Indemnifiable
Losses.   b) Any amount owed by the Sellers in respect of an
Indemnifiable Loss where its cause is found in one of the three items
described in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) of Article 9.1.3.2.(a) above, will
automatically be taken into account for calculating the ceiling fixed for
this item but also for the calculation of the two other ceilings.  9.1.4.
TIME CONSTRAINTS  9.1.4.1.Any claims formulated pursuant to this Article 9
must be submitted:      (i) with respect to Taxes and title to the Shares
before the expiry of the applicable statute of limitation plus three (3)
months, and   (ii) for environmental matters, before expiration of the
period provided for in the statute of limitation, without this period
exceeding ten (10) years from the Closing Date, in both cases plus three (3)
months.  9.1.4.2.Any other claim must be notified within a period of two (2)
years from the Closing Date.  9.1.4.3.The expiry of the aforementioned time
limits shall not affect the Buyer\'s right to indemnification where the
latter has duly submitted its claim within the time frames stipulated above
and pursuant to the provisions of Article 9.1.5 below.  9.1.5. NOTIFICATION
AND PAYMENT OF INDEMNITY  9.1.5.1.NON THIRD PARTY CLAIMS  Any claim
regarding an event capable of triggering the indemnification obligation
provided for in this Article 9.1. must be notified to the Sellers by the
Buyer within a reasonable time period taking into account the
circumstances and in all cases within sixty 60 days from the date that the
Companies had knowledge of such event. Such notification should specify the
reasons why the indemnification obligation has been invoked, as well as the
amount of the Indemnifiable Loss, if this is determinable, and should be
accompanied by any relevant documents then available.  9.1.5.2.THIRD PARTY
CLAIMS  a) The Buyer undertakes to notify the Sellers of any third party
claims or judicial or administrative proceedings brought by third parties
against one of the Companies and which is likely to lead to a claim against
one of the Sellers within a time period sufficient enough to enable the
Sellers to exercise their rights or to state their opinion on the proceedings
or claims and defend their interests. The Buyer will take particular care in
case of an emergency (for example, in case of an application for the adoption
of summary proceedings).  The notification should state, so far as then
known to the Buyer, the reasons why the Sellers\' indemnification obligation
has been invoked as well as the amount of the Indemnifiable Loss, if this is
determinable, and should be accompanied by any relevant documents (claim
letter, procedural acts, exhibits from the file, etc.) then available. The
Buyer shall subsequently keep the Sellers regularly informed of:   (i) any
negotiations with any third parties in order to allow the  Sellers to state
their opinion or that of any counsel of their  choice on such negotiations
with the third party;   (ii) the progress of the proceedings by delivering
all useful  information (proceedings documents, hearing date, etc.) in 
order to allow the Sellers to state their opinion or      that of any
counsel of their choice on such proceedings, or to  exercise their rights
resulting from this Article 9.1. In all  cases, the Buyer and the Sellers
shall cooperate and exchange  the information necessary for the defense of
the interests of  the relevant Company, the Buyer and the Sellers.  b) With
regards to any proceedings, and irrespective of which Party is taking the
lead on the dispute, each Party undertakes to cooperate with the other Party,
to keep it informed on the progress of the aforementioned procedures and to
allow it, or its legal counsel, to provide its/their point of view.  c) The
Sellers may, at their own expenses and costs and with the assistance of any
counsel of their choice and respecting the "DELICATESSE" principle vis-a-vis
the Ducros Group and the Sodis Group, ensure the representation of the
relevant Company in such proceedings, subject to (i) the Sellers (x)
notifying the Buyer in writing within ten (10) Business Days after the date
that Buyer has given notice of the third party claim, of their decision to do
so and (y) confirming that they will indemnify the Buyer for
any Indemnifiable Loss under the terms and conditions of this Agreement that
the Buyer may suffer, resulting from or arising out of the third party claim,
(ii) the third party claim involving only money damages and not seeking
injunction and (iii) the Buyer being regularly kept informed of the progress
of these proceedings in order to allow him, assisted by any counsel of his
choice, to state his opinion.  (d) The Buyer and the Companies, for which
the Buyer is answerable ("PORTE-FORT"), and/or the Sellers irrevocably
prohibit themselves from entering into a settlement agreement with any third
party without the prior agreement of the other Party. Neither the Sellers nor
the Buyer may raise any objection, unless such objection is on very serious
grounds, to any settlement agreement that is in (i) the best interests of the
Company affected by the third party claim and (ii) would not harm the defense
of the Sellers\' interests;  9.1.5.3.PAYMENT OF INDEMNIFICATION  (a) Save
any objection of the Sellers notified to the Buyer within thirty (30)
Business Days of receipt by the Sellers of the notification provided for
by Articles 9.1.5.1 and 9.1.5.2 above, the Indemnifiable Loss shall be deemed
due and the Indemnity payable (if it can be calculated) within a period of
ten (10) Business Days from the expiry of the period of thirty (30) Business
Days and shall accrue interest from the expiry of such period of ten (10)
Business Days (the interest being paid at the same time as the
indemnification). The applicable interest rate shall be the monthly EURIBOR
rate. If the EURIBOR ceases to be published, it shall be replaced as of right
by the interest rate that replaces it.  (b) If, on the contrary, the
Sellers notify the Buyer of their objection within the period of thirty (30)
Business Days as set forth by Article 9.1.5.3 a) above, the Indemnity shall
be payable within ten (10) Business Days from, either the date of an amicable
settlement between the Parties, or in the absence of an amicable settlement,
from service of a judgement construed as final rendered pursuant to the
provisions of Article 11.11 below, and will bear interest from
the     expiration of this period of ten (10) Business Days (the interest
being paid at the same time as the indemnification). The applicable interest
rate shall be the monthly EURIBOR rate. If the EURIBOR ceases to be
published, it shall be replaced as of right by the interest rate that
replaces it.  (c) In the event of any proceedings brought against any third
party, and in case of an agreement from the Sellers concerning the principle
of indemnification, the Indemnity will be payable within ten (10) Business
Days from notification of the decision construed as final and will bear
interest from the expiration of this period of ten (10) Business Days (the
interest being paid at the same time as the indemnification). The applicable
interest rate shall be the monthly EURIBOR rate. If the EURIBOR ceases to be
published, it shall be replaced as of right by the interest rate that
replaces it.  9.1.6. BENEFICIARY OF THE INDEMNIFICATION  The obligation to
indemnify, whatever the origin of the Indemnifiable Loss, is stipulated as
being in the favor of the Buyer and its beneficiaries, either on an
individual or collective basis, and particularly in the favor of any
company that succeeds the Buyer further to a merger or spin-off.  9.1.7.
PRICE REDUCTION  The Parties agree that the Indemnity paid to the Buyer
pursuant to Article 9.1 of this Agreement or pursuant to the Tax Covenant and
Deed of Tax Indemnity shall be treated as a non-Taxable reduction in price as
described in Article 8 of the Tax Covenant and Deed of Tax Indemnity, and
shall be deducted from the Sales Price of the Ducros Shares, if Ducros or a
Subsidiary of Ducros is at the origin of the Indemnifiable Loss, and deducted
from the Sales Price of the Shares of Sodis if Sodis or a Subsidiary of Sodis
is at the origin of the Indemnifiable Loss.  9.2. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE
BUYER  The Buyer agrees to compensate the Sellers for any loss that the
Sellers may suffer:   a) from any inaccurate or insincere representations
and warranties of the Buyer stipulated in Article 8.2;   b) from the
Buyer\'s failure to fulfil any of the other commitments and obligations it
has undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.  The indemnification proceedings
in this context will be identical to the proceedings set forth in Article
9.1.5. above in connection with indemnification by the Sellers. The word
"SELLER" being replaced by the word "BUYER" and vice-versa in the text of
Article 9.1.5.  Any claim under this Article 9.2 must be notified within a
period of two (2) years from the Closing Date.     9.3 MANDATE GIVEN TO
EBS BY THE SELLERS   For the purposes of the notifications set forth in this
Article 9, the "SELLERS" means EBS only, which CFS mandates to represent it
in accordance with the provisions of Article 11.15.  ARTICLE 10 -
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  10.1 The sale of the Shares is expressly subject to
the following Conditions Precedent:  10.1.1 The Spanish Service for the
Defence of Competition (SERVICIO DE DEFENSA DE LA COMPETENCIA) having
indicated to the Buyer in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer that
(i) it approves the sale of the Shares to the Buyer without conditions / or
under conditions satisfactory to the Buyer, or (ii) the one-month time limit
for such indication having expired without any indication from the SERVICIO
DE DEFENSA DE LA COMPETENCIA, or (iii) the Spanish Minister of Economy and
Finance (MINISTRO DE ECONOMIA Y HACIENDA) having indicated to the Buyer in a
form reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer that it authorizes the sale of the
Shares to the Buyer without conditions (or under conditions satisfactory to
the Buyer).  10.1.2. The French Minister of the Economy and Finance, having
indicated to the Buyer in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer that it
approves the sale of the Shares to the Buyer without conditions (or under
conditions satisfactory to the Buyer) or alternatively that the time limit
for such ministerial approval has expired without any contrary decision being
rendered by the French Minister of the Economy and Finance.  10.1.3 The
Portuguese Merger Control Authority "Direccao Gerale de Commercial e
Concorencia" having indicated to the Buyer in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Buyer that (i) it approves the sale of the Shares to the
Buyer without conditions / (or under conditions satisfactory to the Buyer)
(ii) it has no intention of referring this transaction to the Portuguese
Competition Council or (iii) the time limit for such referral has expired
without any referral having been made to the Portuguese Competition Council
or (iv) the Portuguese Competition Council having indicated to the Buyer in a
form reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer that it approves the sale of the
Shares without conditions (or under conditions satisfactory to the
Buyer).  10.1.4 No statute, regulation or decision having been enacted or
taken by any administrative authority, and no action, suit or proceedings
being pending before any court or administrative authority capable of
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the sale of the
Shares.  10.2 The parties will cooperate and do what is necessary to jointly
take the steps that need to be taken vis-a-vis the relevant anti-trust
authorities and make the filings required by Articles 10.1.1, 10.1.2 and
10.1.3 by July 31, 2000 at the latest. The Buyer shall keep the Sellers
informed sufficiently in advance of progress in these steps as they advance.
The Sellers will be able to participate in such steps as they advance if they
consider this necessary.     10.3 In the event that the Buyers do not
obtain a reasonably satisfactory informal favorable response from the
Competition authorities, the Buyer may decide, after consulting with the
Sellers and taking into account their analysis, whether to make an official
notification to the competition authorities, in France or in Spain, subject
to the Sellers having the possibility, in the event that the Buyer decides
not to go ahead with such a notification, if they have a legitimate reason,
to demand that such a notification be made. Alternatively, the Buyer will
provide an opinion letter from a renown law firm confirming that such
notification is not required under the applicable competition laws, in which
case the notification shall not be made.  10.4 The Parties may together
waive all or any of the Conditions Precedent set out in Articles 10.1.1 to
10.1.4 above.  10.5 In the event that the Conditions Precedent have not been
fulfilled by November 30, 2000 or waived in accordance with Article 10.4, the
Agreement shall be null and void as of right at that date, save any extension
of the term decided by mutual agreement of the Parties, subject to the
provisions of Article 11.1, and save for any Party\'s right to be indemnified
for any breach of an obligation it has undertaken under this Agreement prior
to it being voided.  ARTICLE 11 - MISCELLANEOUS  11.1. EXPIRY OF RIGHTS
AND OBLIGATIONS  In the event that the Agreement becomes null and void
pursuant to, namely, the provisions of Article 10 above, only the provisions
of Articles 11.2 (Notification), 11.4. (Disclosure), 11.5 (Confidentiality),
11.11 (Disputes), 11.13 (Language), 11.14 (Applicable law) and 11.15
(Mandate) shall continue to bind the Parties.  Furthermore, the Buyer
irrevocably undertakes, within a one-year period from the date on which this
Agreement would become null and void, to abstain from soliciting, directly or
indirectly, any of the Key Employees.  11.2. NOTIFICATION  11.2.1. Any
notification provided for under this Agreement must be made in writing as
indicated at Article 11.2.2., to the following addresses or fax numbers:  
(a) SELLERS:  MAIN ADDRESSEE: ERIDANIA BEGHIN-SAY  ATTENTION: MS. CATHERINE
CHALON-SZYMANEK  Director, Legal Department  14 boulevard du General
Leclerc  92572 Neuilly-sur-Seine  France  Fax: (33) (0)1 41 43 11
55      COPY TO: CL and A - COURNOT, LEMETAIS and ASSOCIES  ATTENTION:
STEPHANE J. COURNOT  5 rue Beaujon, 75008 Paris  France  Fax: (33) (0) 1 53
81 53 30   (b) BUYER:  MAIN ADDRESSEE: MCCORMICK and COMPANY, INCORPORATED 
ATTENTION: ROBERT W. SKELTON  Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
18 Loveton Circle  Sparkes; Maryland  USA  Fax: (00) (1) 410 771 7154  
COPY TO: BAKER and MCKENZIE  ATTENTION: ERIC LASRY  32 / 34 Avenue Kleber 
75116 Paris  France  Fax: (33) (0) 1 44 17 45 75  11.2.2 Notification
shall be deemed to have been validly delivered when delivered to the main
addressee in the following manner:   i) at the date of delivery, when
personally delivered to the address indicated above;   ii) at the date of
sending, when sent by fax to the fax number indicated above with confirmation
of receipt by the addressee and if it is confirmed by letter sent,
immediately, to the address indicated above;   iii) at the date of receipt,
if sent by registered letter with return receipt requested to the address
indicated above.  11.2.3. Each Party may modify the address, fax number or
any other  information indicated above at any time, provided that it informs
the  other Parties of this in advance in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 11.2.2.  11.3 ENTIRE AGREEMENT  The Agreement, the Exhibits and
the Related Agreements and any other document executed pursuant to this
Agreement, supersede all previous discussions, agreements or correspondence
between the Parties and/or their counsel and are the final and complete
expression of the will of the Parties.     11.4. DISCLOSURE  The
Sellers and the Buyer shall not issue or make any statement or release to the
public concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
herein without the prior consent of the other Party, unless such statement or
release is required by Law or ordered by a court or an administrative
authority, in which event the Party required to make such disclosure shall
try to limit the effects, and shall inform the other Party of the content of
the announcement concerned prior to its release. If the time frame does not
permit the Parties to mutually consult each other in advance, the Party
required to make such disclosure shall inform the other Party of the content
of the announcement as soon as possible.  11.5. CONFIDENTIALITY  Each
Party shall observe, and instruct its Affiliates and representatives
and counsel to observe the strictest confidentiality with respect to this
Agreement and any document or information concerning the other Party or one
of its Affiliates, communicated to one Party by the other in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein;  a) unless it can
be proven that such documents or information were:   (i) previously known to
the Party receiving such documents or  information such Party having received
them without breaching  any regulation,   (ii) in the public domain (either
prior to or after the  transmission of such documents or information), or  
(iii) acquired at a later date by the receiving Party from another  source,
if such receiving Party is not aware that such source  is under an obligation
to keep such documents or information  confidential.  b) unless it is
forced to disclose such documents or information by Law,  legal or
administrative process (including, but not limited to, those  related to the
obtaining of the necessary approvals by the government  bodies of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein) or by  other legal or
regulatory requirements, or else induced to disclose such  documents or
information within the framework of an action or proceedings  brought in the
exercise of its rights deriving from the Agreement.  11.6. ADDITIONAL
UNDERTAKING  Subject to the provisions of Article 11.16 below, at any time
from the signing of this Agreement, each Party shall execute and deliver to
the other Party any documents and information necessary for the satisfaction
of the Conditions Precedent and take all other actions as may be required to
carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.     11.7.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS  This Agreement may not be amended, and the waiving
of any of the provisions of this Agreement is only possible in writing, which
writing should be duly signed by the Party against which the amendment or
waiver is to be enforced.  11.8. NON-TRANSFERABILITY - BINDING
NATURE  Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations of this
Agreement may be transferred by one Party without the prior written consent
of the other Party, provided that the Buyer may assign the benefit of all or
part of this Agreement to any one or more of its Affiliates. If all or part
of this Agreement is assigned, the seller will remain jointly and severably
liable with the buyer regarding the performance of the obligations contained
in this Agreement.  11.9. EXPENSES  Each Party shall pay its costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation and signing
of this Agreement.  The registration duties relating to the sale of the
Shares shall be borne by the Buyer.  11.10. LANGUAGE  11.10.1 This
Agreement is drafted in the French language, which will  constitute the
governing language, excluding any other version  prepared in any other
language and except for terms used in another  language which terms shall
then be deemed binding.  11.10.2. The Exhibits may be drafted in a foreign
language in which case this  foreign language draft will be the governing
language.  11.11 DISPUTES  (a) The Parties will try amicably to resolve
any disputes that may arise  between them in connection with the performance
of this Agreement,  within a 2 (two) month period from when the dispute
arises.  (b) In the event that any dispute regarding the validity, the 
performance, the termination or the interpretation of this  Agreement
persists and subject to the provisions of  Articles 3.4(c) to (h) and Article
7.3(c)(ii) above, said dispute  shall be finally settled by an arbitration
tribunal sitting in Geneva  in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of
the International  Chamber of Commerce ("ICC"), made up of three (3)
arbitrators  appointed in accordance with said rules. The Chairman of the 
arbitration tribunal may not be of French, American or Italian  nationality.
For the purposes of this clause, McCormick and Company,  Incorporated and the
company that it may substitute for itself to  close the transaction shall be
represented by one single arbitrator,  and EBS and CFS shall also be
represented by one single arbitrator.      The arbitrators must speak
both English and French fluently. The  proceedings shall be held in Geneva,
in the English language. However,  each of the Parties shall have the right
to select the language in  which it shall draft its court submissions
(MEMOIRES) and any written  correspondence, and such documents shall be
accepted by the arbitrators  in English or in French, and without any need
for any translations  thereof (whether from French into English, or from
English into  French). In addition, the Exhibits shall be transmitted in
their  original language. The arbitral award shall be drafted in English.
The  fees of the arbitrators as well as costs and expenses related to the 
arbitration, including reasonable attorneys\' fees, shall be borne by  the
Parties in the proportions decided upon by the arbitration tribunal  in its
award.  (c) The arbitratral award shall be final and binding on the Parties,
and  any decision for the purpose of the enforcement of said award may be 
applied for in any court of competent jurisdiction.  (d) By its signature of
this Agreement, each of the Parties hereby  irrevocably agrees to submit to
the jurisdiction of the ICC, to the  jurisdiction of the arbitration tribunal
that may be formed pursuant to  the Rules of Arbitration of the ICC and of
any court that may have  jurisdiction by reason of the arbitral award
rendered under this  Agreement.   The Parties hereto irrevocably agree to,
promptly and in good faith,  implement any award that may be rendered
pursuant to the provisions of  this Agreement, provided only that said award
has become final.  (e) Notwithstanding this arbitration clause, the Parties
may seek  conservatory measures before the competent national
courts.  11.12. INVALID PROVISIONS  If any of the provisions of this
Agreement is found to be unlawful or non-enforceable by application of any
Law present or future, and provided that the rights and obligations of a
Party under this Agreement are not affected negatively in a significant
manner, the following principles shall apply: (a) such provision shall be
distinguished from the other provisions of the Agreement, (b) this Agreement
shall be interpreted and applied as if the unlawful or non-enforceable
provision had never been a part of it, (c) the other provisions of the
Agreement shall remain in force and shall not be affected by the unlawful or
non-enforceable provision, and (d) in lieu of any such unlawful or non-
enforceable provision a lawful and enforceable provision shall be included
automatically as part of the Agreement under terms which are as similar as
possible to the deleted provision.  11.13 APPLICABLE LAW  The Agreement is
governed by the laws of France.     11.14. DUPLICATES  Several copies
of the Agreement may be signed by each Party individually, each copy being
certified as an authentic copy of the original. However, the totality of the
copies shall constitute a single and unique agreement.  11.15.
MANDATE  CFS hereby appoints EBS, which accepts, as its representative with
the task of receiving and circulating any notice, taking any decisions and
signing any documents in respect of or necessary for the performance of this
Agreement in the name of and on behalf of all the Sellers.  11.16 ACCESS TO
CERTAIN INFORMATION AND PERSONNEL OF DUCROS  As of the execution of this
Agreement and until the Closing Date, the Buyer (subject to and in accordance
with the terms and conditions set out below) shall have a right of access to
all offices and manufacturing sites, books and records, documents, contracts
and other materials relating to the business affairs, finances, Products,
assets, operations and personnel of Ducros, Sodis and their Subsidiaries,
including Mr. Henault and Mr. Corbille.  The Buyer\'s requests must be
reasonable, and the "reasonable" nature thereof shall be assessed with regard
to the objective being sought, i.e., to provide the Buyer with a better
understanding of the business of the Companies to facilitate the transition
between the Sellers and the Buyer.  In addition:  - the exercise of the
above-specified option by the Buyer must not  represent, in any manner
whatsoever, any interference with regard to  the activities of the Companies
and/or their personnel;  - the inspections or examinations of documents
shall be performed (i)  during normal business hours, (ii) in the presence of
a representative  of the Sellers responsible for namely, ensuring that
confidentiality is  respected (iii) where appropriate, on premises other than
the premises  of the Companies, and (iv) in the presence of up to a maximum
of four  (4) representatives of the Buyer accompanied, if necessary, by a 
translator and (v) will not exceed 2 days a week pursuant to the Access  Plan
attached as EXHIBIT 11.16;  - any inspection or examination of documents
must be notified to the  Sellers at least three (3) Business Days in advance.
Such notice must  include a precise description of the premises, persons and
documents to  which or to whom the Buyer would like to have access.  In the
case that Closing does not take place within five (5) weeks of signing this
Agreement, the Buyer will provide the Sellers with a new Access Plan for the
subsequent weeks on the same basis and under the same
conditions.     11.17 TAXES  Any issue related to Tax is settled by
this Agreement unless it is specifically referred to in the Tax Covenant and
Deed of Tax Indemnity and by the Agreement for a Departure from the Tax
Consolidation Group in which case it shall be settled by such agreements. In
the case of any discrepancies regarding a Tax issue between any provision of
the Agreement and a provision of the Tax Covenant and Deed of Tax Indemnity
or of the Agreement for the Departure from the Tax Consolidation Group, the
provisions of the Tax Covenant and Deed of Tax Indemnification or of the
Agreement for a Departure from the Tax Consolidation shall
prevail.  ARTICLE 12  The Buyer undertakes to file, on its behalf and on
behalf of the Sellers, no later than two (2) weeks after signature of this
Agreement, the necessary filing in order that the transaction contemplated by
this Agreement be examined by the Polish merger control authorities.  The
Parties shall cooperate in the preparation of this filing as promptly
as possible.  Executed in Paris, on July 12, 2000 In 5 originals.    
~~  --------------------------- ------------------------ For EBS For
CFS Stefano Meloni Adrian Steed  ----------------------------------
---------------------------------- For McCormick and Company, Incorporated For
McCormick and Company, Incorporated Robert J. Lawless Gordon M. Stetz,
Jr.       EXHIBIT 8 A   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  OF THE DUCROS
GROUP  PRELIMINARY ARTICLE  All the representations and warranties
regarding Mul are given uniquely "TO THE SELLERS\' KNOWLEDGE", except those
given in Articles 1,2 and 4 of this EXHIBIT 8.A. Furthermore, the Sellers
declare that none of the companies of the Ducros Group, can be held
personally liable for the consequences of any act or liability of Mul, except
Ducros in its capacity as a shareholder up to the amount of its equity
interest in Mul\'s share capital (75,900 FRF). None of the companies of the
Ducros Groups nor their directors are de facto managers of Mul.  ARTICLE 1 -
CAPACITY OF CFS  1.1 - Each of CFS and EBS has requisite powers and
authority to enter into  this Agreement and the Related Agreements and to
fulfill its respective  obligations incumbent upon it, particularly in the
case of CFS to sell  the Shares.  1.2 - Except as provided for at Article
10 and 12 of the Agreement, the  signing of this Agreement and the Related
Agreements by CFS and EBS and  the closing of the transactions contemplated
herein:   a) are not subject to any prior authorization, consultation or 
approval, as the case may be, by the management boards of CFS,  EBS and
Ducros, the Workers Council of EBS and Ducros, or  administrative authorities
other than those that have already  been obtained and a copy of which was
supplied to the Buyer  pursuant to the provisions of Article 5.2 of this
Agreement;  and, except with regards to approval by the Board of the Buyer 
as a new shareholder of Ducros which shall be obtained before  the Closing
Date, no other corporate action on the part of the  Sellers is necessary to
authorise this Agreement or the  closing of the transactions contemplated
herein;   b) will not violate any of the clauses of the by-laws of CFS,
EBS  or Ducros;   c) are not contrary to the provisions of any judicial
or  administrative decision.     ARTICLE 2 - INCORPORATION OF THE
COMPANIES OF THE DUCROS GROUP  2.1 - The companies of the Ducros Group were
duly incorporated and are duly  registered with the registry of commerce and
companies or its  equivalent. The secondary establishments of the companies
of the Ducros  Group have also been duly registered with the registry of
commerce and  companies when such registration is required by Law.  2.2 -
The by-laws of the companies of the Ducros Group except those listed  in
EXHIBIT 8.A.2.2, have been filed at the registry of commerce and  companies
and are complete, exact and up to date.  2.3 - The companies of the Ducros
Group registered in France are not  subject to any proceedings initiated on
the basis of the prevention and  amicable settlement of corporate financial
difficulties or any  insolvency proceedings or legal liquidation, or their
equivalent for  the companies of the Ducros Group registered outside France,
and there  are no grounds for these companies to be subject to such
proceedings.  Each company of the Ducros Group is solvent and able to pay its
debts  as they fall due. Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.2.3., the 
shareholders of the companies of the Ducros Group have not decided to 
liquidate them, and the companies are not subject to any legal decision 
ordering such liquidation.  2.4 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.2.4.,
the corporate bodies  ("ORGANES SOCIAUX") of the companies of the Ducros
Group were set up  and operate in accordance with the Laws applicable to
them. The  registers, books and documents of these companies are held in 
accordance with provisions of the Law and truly and accurately reflect  the
corporate decisions made by these companies.   ARTICLE 3 - AUTHORIZATIONS
AND OTHER PERMITS  3.1 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.3.1., the
companies of the Ducros  Group have all the Authorizations necessary to carry
out their  Activities as these are currently carried out. These
Authorizations are  in full force.  3.2 - To the Sellers\' Knowledge, there
are no facts or events likely to  result in the withdrawal, suspension or
questioning of said  Authorizations. The companies of the Ducros Group carry
out their  activities in accordance with these Authorizations and all
applicable  Laws.  ARTICLE 4 - SHARE CAPITAL  4.1 - For each of the
companies of the Ducros Group, EXHIBIT 8.A.4.1  identifies, as of the date of
this Agreement (i) the jurisdiction and  date of incorporation, (ii) the
names of its directors or managers and  the date that their position is to be
renewed, (iii) the share      capital, (iv) the number of shares, and (v)
the names of all the  shareholders as well as the number and percentages of
shares they own.  4.2 - The shares and equity interests ("PARTS SOCIALES")
that make up all  the capital of the companies of the Ducros Group are the
only  transferable securities issued by the companies of the Ducros Group. 
The companies of the Ducros Group have not issued or promised to issue  any
other securities of any type whatsoever, including but not limited  to
investment certificates ("CERTIFICAT D\'INVESTISSEMENT") and  preferred
shares without voting rights ("ACTIONS PRIORITAIRES SANS  DROIT DE VOTE") or
bonds ("OBLIGATIONS").   Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.4.2., the
companies of the Ducros  Group have made no commitment concerning (i) a
capital increase,  particularly through the issue of options or convertible
or  exchangeable securities or (ii) other rights to acquire or to offer 
shares, equity interests securities, bonds, Liens or other rights over  the
share capital of any of the companies of the Ducros Group.   From the
Closing Date, the Buyer shall exercise all the rights attached  to the Ducros
Shares, particularly the right to vote and the right to  receive all
dividends.  4.3 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.4.3., the shares and
equity  interests making up the capital of the companies of the Ducros
Group  are validly issued and fully paid-up; except as set forth in EXHIBIT 
8.A.4.3., the shares and equity interests are freely transferable and  there
are no other restrictions to their transferability other than  those set
forth in this Agreement and those resulting from the Law or  their by-
laws.  4.4 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.4.4, the shares and equity 
interests of the companies of the Ducros Group are free from any
Liens.   ARTICLE 5 - EQUITY INTERESTS  5.1 - Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT 8.A.5.1. and for their equity  interests within the group, the
companies of the Ducros Group do not,  directly or indirectly, hold any
equity interest of any amount or kind  whatsoever in any company or legal
entity, nor has any company of the  Ducros Group any liability arising out of
any equity interest in any  company or legal entity which it no longer
holds.  5.2 - Except the position of President of Sodis held by Ducros in,
the  companies of the Ducros Group do not exercise any duties as legal 
representatives of a company ("MANDATAIRES SOCIAUX") in another company  and
are not likely to be qualified as a de facto manager of another  company or
legal entity.     5.3 Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.5.3., the
companies of the Ducros  Group are not party to any shareholders\' agreement
or to any other  agreement that deals with the management of a company of the
Ducros  Group by a company which is not in the Ducros Group or which aims
to  split all or part of the profits with a third party, and they have not 
promised to enter into any such agreements.  5.4 Ducros is party to a joint
venture with Hero France pursuant to (i)  contribution agreements nos. 1 and
2 (without their exhibits), (ii) a  joint-venture agreement subject to
conditions precedent, (iii)  representations and warranties (without their
exhibits) dated November  8, 1999 as attached in EXHIBIT 8.A.5.4.  5.5 By
decision of the general shareholders\' meeting dated May 5, 2000,  Malile was
merged into Dessert Products International, the merger and  contribution
agreement is attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.5.5.  ARTICLE 6 - FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  6.1 The 1999 Proforma Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Ducros
Group, which  is attached in EXHIBIT 1(d)1 of the Agreement, complies with
the Laws  and was prepared in accordance with French GAAP, taking into 
consideration the consolidation principles. The 1999 Consolidated  Accounts
of the Ducros Group are true and accurate and fairly present  the financial
position, the income statement and the assets and  liabilities of the
companies of the Ducros Group as of December 31,  1999, were prepared in
accordance with French GAAP and show all  liabilities and off-balance sheet
items.   The balance sheets and schedules of Malile and Semap as at December
31,  1999 which are attached as EXHIBIT 1d(2) of the Agreement are true and 
accurate and fairly present the financial position and the assets and 
liabilities of Malile and Semap as at December 31, 1999, were prepared  in
accordance with French GAAP and show all liabilities and off-balance  sheet
items.  6.2 Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.6.2, the companies of the
Ducros  Group have no off-balance sheet commitments nor any litigation at
31  December 1999, other than those mentioned in the 1999 Consolidated 
Accounts of the Ducros Group and regarding Malile and Semap, in their  1999
balance sheets and schedules.  6.3 Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.6.3,
the companies of the Ducros  Group have not issued or promised to issue any
guarantees, securities  or letters of comfort to guarantee performance of
third party  obligations nor do they have any unusual liabilities or other 
liabilities other than those arising in the ordinary cause of business  which
have not been recorded in the 1999 Consolidated Accounts of the  Ducros Group
and with respect to Malile and Semap, in the 1999 Balance  Sheets for Malile
and Semap.  6.4 The books and records of the Ducros Group properly reflect
all  transactions of the Ducros Group in accordance with GAAP.     6.5
The Projected EBIT was prepared on the basis of future sales and  objectives
for revenues and profits for the Ducros Group and for the  Sodis Group, which
the Sellers estimated, at the time the amounts were  established and taking
into account their experience, could reasonably  be achieved by the two
groups subject to risks and uncertainties which  could affect them and which
originate from outside factors, including  but not limited to, action taken
by competitors, relationships with  clients, fluctuations in costs,
availability of the chain of suppliers,  foreign economic conditions and
fluctuations in the exchange rates.   It is expressly agreed that this
representation is not a warranty by  the Sellers that the objectives and
results in the Projected EBIT will  be achieved.  ARTICLE 7 - PERSONNEL OF
THE COMPANIES OF THE DUCROS GROUP  7.1 The lists of the employees of the
companies of the Ducros Group as at  May 31, 2000, are attached as EXHIBIT
8.A.7.1.1. These lists set forth  the employer, name, title, nature of the
term (either fixed or  indefinite) of their contract, their age, seniority,
category and  classification, as necessary, as well as their remuneration,
including  bonuses and benefits in-kind. They have not been significantly 
modified since they were prepared.   The list of people assigned by EBS to
the companies of the Ducros Group  and the terms of their assignment are
attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.7.1.2.   The lists of employees on sabbatical leave,
parental leave or on  long-term sick leave as at May 31, 2000, are attached
as EXHIBIT  8.A.7.1.3.   Except as attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.7.1.4, none of
the employment  contracts of the French Companies of the Ducros Group provide
for a  notice period or payment of compensation in excess of that provided
for  by applicable Laws or the collective bargaining agreement.  7.2 The
list of Key Employees and legal representatives of the companies of  Ducros
Group is attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.7.2.1.   To the Sellers\' knowledge, none
of the Key Employees has resigned or  threatened to resign. True and complete
copies of the employment  contracts between the companies of the Ducros Group
and the Key  Employees as currently in effect are attached as EXHIBIT
8.A.7.2.2.   Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.7.2.3., the legal
representatives  of the companies of the Ducros Group do not have any
employment  contracts or service contracts granted to them by the companies
of the  Ducros Group.  7.3 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.7.3., the
employment contracts  have been executed by the companies of the Ducros
Group, taking into  account the positions occupied by the employees in
accordance with  their contractual provisions, the collective
bargaining      agreements ("CONVENTIONS COLLECTIVES") and Laws,
particularly those  related to wages, working hours, and to health and safety
conditions,  and the companies of the Ducros Group are up to date with
their  obligations as employers.  7.4 - EXHIBIT 8.A.7.4. sets forth the
titles of the collective bargaining  agreements applicable to the companies
of the Ducros Group.  7.5 - The companies of the Ducros Group are not
subject to any legal  decision or settlement agreement providing for the
rehiring of a former  employee.  7.6 - EXHIBIT 8.A.7.6. lists or contains
copies of the investigations,  notices received from or reports prepared by
Labor Inspectors and  received by the companies of the Ducros Group during
the last two (2)  years as well as copies of the responses given by the
companies of the  Ducros Group.  7.7 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT
8.A.7.7., the companies of the Ducros  Group have not experienced any strikes
or other industrial action  during the last two (2) years, and, to the
Sellers\' Knowledge,  excluding the consequences linked to normal annual wage
bargaining,  there are not any serious threats of strikes or other
industrial  action.  7.8 - A copy of the agreements related to working
hours signed by the  companies of the Ducros Group is attached as EXHIBIT
8.A.7.8.  7.9 - EXHIBIT 8.A.7.9. sets forth the labor law proceedings
(administrative  or judicial) currently pending to which the companies of the
Ducros  Group are party. To the Sellers\' Knowledge, there are no serious 
threats that such proceedings which would justify recording a provision  in
the 1999 Proforma Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Ducros Group,  are
initiated against the companies of the Ducros Group.  7.10. Save as
disclosed in EXHIBIT 8.A.7.10, no company of the Ducros Group  makes or is
required to make contributions to any pension, profit  sharing or other
retirement plan, employee share ownership plan, bonus  or other incentive
plan, contractual severance plan, health, death or  group insurance plan or
similar plan agreement program or undertaking  ("PLAN"). The companies of the
Ducros Group have made all required  contributions under their respective
Plans and paid all premium amounts  payable for all periods through and
including the Closing Date when  required by applicable GAAP, and adequate
provisions have been made in  the 1999 Proforma Consolidated Balance Sheet of
the Ducros Group.  ARTICLE 8 - FIXED ASSETS  8.1 - Attached as EXHIBIT
8.A.8.1. is the list of the real property owned  by the companies of the
Ducros Group.   The companies of the Ducros Group have full title and
ownership of this  real property.      Except as set forth in EXHIBIT
8.A.8.1., this real property is not  subject to any mortgages and is not
subject to any third-party action  to claim title or other Liens.  8.2 -
The list of real property leased by the companies of the Ducros Group  is
attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.8.2.1. No other leases or temporary leases 
("CONVENTION D\'OCCUPATION PRECAIRE") have been signed by the companies  of
the Ducros Group.   Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.8.2.2., the companies
of the Ducros  Group have not executed any financial leases ("CREDIT-BAIL")
concerning  real property.   These leases, temporary leases and financial
leases are in force and  are not subject to any disputes or claims except as
disclosed in  Article 17 of this EXHIBIT 8.A. They do not contain any
onerous  provisions.   The companies of the Ducros Group have complied with
the contractual  clauses of leases, temporary leases and financial leases and
the  companies of the Ducros Group are up to date with respect to payment
of  rents and occupation indemnities.   All options granted to the
companies of the Ducros Group with respect  to real property listed in
EXHIBIT 8.A.8.2.2 have been duly exercised  in accordance with their terms
and conditions by the relevant  companies.   Except as set forth in EXHIBIT
8.A.8.2.3., the companies of the Ducros  Group have not received any notice
("conge") or notice of termination  of these agreements, and these agreements
do not provide any  termination clause or right of variation in the event of
a change in  control in the capital or management of the companies of the
Ducros  Group.  8.3 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.8.3 and the
buildings in Albania,  the buildings conform, in all material respects, to
the Laws and, in  particular, the zoning and building ordinances and safety,
hygiene and  labor rules applicable to them. The buildings are in a normal
state of  repair and maintenance, taking into account their age and the
quality  of materials generally used locally, and their current condition
does  not require any major structural or other repair.   8.4 - Except as
set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.8.4.1., the buildings are used  exclusively by the
companies of the Ducros Group for the needs of their  usual activities and
make up all of the buildings necessary for these  activities, subject to
subcontracting activities. The buildings are  suitable for the purposes for
which they are currently being used.   Except as set forth in EXHIBIT
8.A.8.4.2., the companies of the Ducros  Group have not granted any third
party any rental agreements for the  buildings that belong to them or any
sublease agreement for those which  they are leasing.     8.5 - Except
as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.8.5., the companies of the Ducros  Group have not
received any notification of any administrative or court  decision that might
restrict or modify the use of the buildings by the  companies of the Ducros
Group.   ARTICLE 9 - MOVEABLE PROPERTY OTHER THAN INVENTORIES  9.1 -
Attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.9.1, is a list of the Moveable Property, as  at May
31, 2000, used by the companies of the Ducros Group. This  Moveable Property
makes up all the Moveable Property necessary for the  normal course of the
business of the companies of the Ducros Group,  except for that necessary for
the sub-contracted industrial  manufacturing activities. There have been no
material changes to the  lists of Moveable Property since this date.  9.2 -
The companies referred to above have full ownership of all the  Moveable
Property, except those used under a financial lease  ("CREDIT-BAIL") or a
lease agreement. The list of the lease or  financial lease agreements is
attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.9.2.  9.3 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.9.3.,
the Moveable Property is not  subject to any Liens or any third-party action
to claim title.  9.4 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.9.4., the Moveable
Property is in  a normal state of maintenance and repair and operating
conditions,  subject to ordinary wear. It is fit for the purposes for which
it was  intended and all the legal and regulatory provisions applicable to
it  have been complied with.  9.5 - The lease and financial lease
agreements pertaining to Moveable  Property are in force and are not subject
to any disputes or claims  except as set forth in Article 17 of EXHIBIT 8.A.
The companies of the  Ducros Group have complied, in all material respects,
with the  contractual clauses of these agreements and they are up to date
with  all rent payments.   Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.9.5., the
companies of the Ducros  Group have not received any notification of
termination of these  agreements, and these agreements do not provide for any
termination  clause or right of variation in the event of any change in the
control  in the capital or management of the companies of the Ducros
Group.  ARTICLE 10 - INVENTORIES  10.1 The inventories and work in
progress appearing in the 1999 Proforma  Consolidated Balance Sheet of the
Ducros Group were valued using  methods which are set forth in EXHIBIT
8.A.10. which comply with French  GAAP. Necessary and "PRUDENT" reserves have
been made regarding such  inventories and work in progress taking into
consideration age, state  and obsolescence.     10.2 The inventories and
work in progress are the absolute property of the  relevant company of the
Ducros Group and are free from Liens, subject  to usual and contractual or
legal provisions and retention of title  clauses.  10.3 The level of
inventories and work in progress is not materially  different from the levels
thereof at comparable dates with respect to  previous years and after taking
into account the evolution of business.  10.4 All outstanding purchase
orders of each of the companies of the Ducros  Group were made in the
ordinary course of business, consistent with  past practices, and will not
have the effect of increasing inventories  beyond normal and customary
levels.  10.5 The inventories of the companies of the Ducros Group are in
good,  merchantable condition subject to reserves, free of damages or
defects  and are suitable for the purposes, for which they are
intended.   ARTICLE 11 - RECEIVABLES  11.1 - Reserves for receivables
appearing in the 1999 Proforma Consolidated  Balance Sheet of the Ducros
Group have been made in accordance with  French GAAP. Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT 8.A.11.1. and to the  Sellers\' Knowledge, no receivable is subject
to a counterclaim. All  receivables are valid and enforceable and, not being
the object of a  set-off except in the ordinary course of business, have
realised their  nominal amount subject only to any provisions for bad debts
appearing  in the 1999 Proforma Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Ducros
Group.  11.2 - The necessary provisions have been made in the 1999
Proforma  Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Ducros Group to allow payment
of  discounts, rebates or other advantages and temporary or annual 
commitments granted by the companies of the Ducros Group until December  31,
1999.  ARTICLE 12 - BANK ACCOUNTS  Attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.12. are:   a)
the list of bank accounts opened by the companies of the  Ducros Group
and,   b) the list of individuals holding powers of attorney for said 
accounts together with a summary statement of the terms 
thereof.     ARTICLE 13 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND COMPUTER
SOFTWARE  13.1 - EXHIBIT 8.A.13.1 lists and describes all of the
Intellectual Property  Rights, with the exception of all general office
software, entirely  owned by the companies of the Ducros Group, subject to
any copyrights  for which there can be no exclusive rights or ownership of
moral  rights.  13.1.1 EXHIBIT 8.A.13.1.1 lists all license agreements,
with the exception of  all general office software, under which the companies
of the Ducros  Group benefit from Intellectual Property Rights and all
other  instruments and/or documents relating to such licenses.  13.1.2
EXHIBIT 8.A.13.1.2 lists all license agreements under which the  companies of
the Ducros Group have licensed Intellectual Property  Rights to third parties
and all other instruments and/or documents  relating to such licenses. Save
as described in EXHIBIT 8.A.13.1.2, no  other licenses have been granted by
any company of the Ducros Group in  respect of its Intellectual Property
Rights.  13.2 The Intellectual Property Rights owned by the companies of the
Ducros  Group and listed in EXHIBIT 18.A.13.1., are either duly registered
or  duly filed and except as stated in EXHIBIT 8.A.13.1, such filings and 
registrations have been maintained and/or been renewed with the  competent
authorities and the relevant companies of the Ducros Group  are the legal and
beneficial owners of them, free from all Liens.   The Ducros Group has taken
all appropriate actions to preserve and  enforce its Intellectual Property
rights except as set forth in EXHIBIT  18.A.13.1.   The companies of the
Ducros Group do not use any Intellectual Property  Rights belonging to a
third party other than those listed in EXHIBIT  8.A.13.1.1. The Activities of
the Ducros Group have not at any time in  the last (5) five years, infringed
(i) the Intellectual Property Rights  of any third party or (ii) any
copyright. No know-how or processes used  by the companies of the Ducros
Group infringe any third party rights.  13.3 - All computer software used by
the companies of the Ducros Group is  currently licensed to them. The
companies of the Ducros Group do not  use any software programs belonging to
third parties without  authorization, and there are no third party claims in
this regard.  Except as listed in EXHIBIT 8.A.13.3, the Intellectual Property
Rights  and software programmes are fit for their purpose, and there has
been  no defect or feature which may have adversely affected their 
performance or the performance of any other software, hardware or  systems in
the past 12 months.  13.4 - The Intellectual Property Rights listed in
EXHIBIT 8.A.13.1 and in  EXHIBIT 8.A.13.1.1., represent all of the
Intellectual Property Rights  and software programs necessary for the
companies of the Ducros Group  to conduct their activities as they have been
historically conducted,  except for those used to carry out the subcontracted
activities.  13.5 - In the last five (5) years there have been no breaches
of any license  agreement with respect to Intellectual Property Rights.
Except as  listed in EXHIBIT 8.A.13.5, neither the        Intellectual
Property Rights nor the license agreements will be  affected by the
transactions contemplated herein.  ARTICLE 14 - INSURANCE  14.1 - A list
of all principal insurance policies subscribed by the  companies of the
Ducros Group or by EBS under its group policies is  attached as EXHIBIT
8.A.14.1.  14.2 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.14.2., these insurance
policies  cover the risks that may affect the assets of the companies of
the  Ducros Group sufficiently and under normal conditions, in accordance 
with good commercial practice. Each company in the Ducros Group is 
adequately covered against accident, third party, public liability,  product
liability and other risks generally covered by insurance.  14.3 - Attached
as EXHIBIT 8.A.14.3. is a list of insurance claims in excess  of 250,000 FRF
(two hundred and fifty thousand French Francs) or its  exchange value in the
currency of the country in which each of the  companies carries out is
activities, on the date of the signing of this  Agreement, within the last
two (2) fiscal years, and the amount of  indemnities paid by the insurance
companies in relation to said claims.  14.4 - All premiums of the insurance
policies as listed in EXHIBIT 8.A.14.1  have been paid by the companies of
the Ducros Group and all obligations  set forth in the clauses of these
policies have been fulfilled in all  material respects.  14.5 - The
companies of the Ducros Group have not been informed by the  insurance
companies of their intention to increase substantially the  amount of said
premiums, to terminate the policies or not to renew them  and nothing has
been done or omitted which would make any insurance  policy void or voidable
or enable the insurers to void the same.   ARTICLE 15 - LOANS
PAYABLE  15.1 - Attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.15.1.1. are a list and complete and
accurate  copies of the middle-term and long-term loans and other credit 
facilities, including repayable subsidies, that the companies of the  Ducros
Group have subscribed, with an indication of the amount, term  and the
securities pertaining to said loans and other credit  facilities.  
Attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.15.1.2. are a list and complete and accurate  copies
of the loans and other credit facilities granted by the  companies of the
Ducros Group to third parties other than the companies  of the Ducros Group
and, in particular, to their employees.  15.2 - These loans and credit
facilities were duly subscribed. The companies  of the Ducros Group have
complied with their contractual obligations  under said loans and credit
facilities and these loans and credit  facilities are not subject to any
claims except as set forth in Article  17 of this EXHIBIT 8.A.     
Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.15.2., these loans payable or credit 
facilities do not provide for any early repayment or acceleration  clauses
("REMBOURSEMENT ANTICIPE" or "DECHEANCE DU TERME") in the event  of a change
in management or control in the companies of the Ducros  Group, or for any
early repayment penalties.  15.3 Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.15.3.1.,
the companies of the Ducros  Group do not benefit from any debt write-off
subject to a clause  governing the return to a more profitable financial
situation ("CLAUSE  DE RETOUR A MEILLEURE FORTUNE") that might still be
implemented.   Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.15.3.2. and the settlement
of the  "INTERCO" accounts between the companies of the Ducros Group, on
the  one hand, and CSF or the Affiliates of CFS on the other hand, the 
companies of the Ducros Group are not subject to any demand for early 
repayment of either their middle-term and long-term debts or credit 
facilities received, and they did not make early repayments of any  loans or
credit facilities during the 1999 fiscal year.  15.4 No company of the
Ducros Group has received any grant, subsidy or other  financial concession
which is liable to be refunded or varied as a  result of the change in the
management or control of the Companies in  the Ducros Group.   ARTICLE 16
- ENVIRONMENT  16.1 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.16.1., the
companies of the Ducros  Group have complied in all material respects with
the applicable  environmental Laws concerning classified installations,
pollution,  contamination or protection of the environment, the storage,
labelling,  handling, release, treatment, manufacture, processing, deposit, 
transportation or disposal of substances which may have a harmful  effect on
the environment or the health of man or on any living  organism   Except as
set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.16.1., and except for fibro-cement  sheets present
in certain buildings that contain a percentage of  asbestos, (it being
specified that this percentage of asbestos complies  with all applicable
regulations in force on the date of this  Agreement), the buildings owned by
the companies of the Ducros Group or  leased by the companies of the Ducros
Group, do not contain any  asbestos.  16.2 Except as set forth in EXHIBIT
8.A.16.2., the companies of the Ducros  Group are not legally required to
perform work or have work performed  or to make capital expenditures in order
to comply with any  environmental Laws relating to classified installations,
pollution,  contamination or protection of the environment, the storage,
labelling,  handling, release, treatment, manufacture, processing, deposit, 
transportation or disposal of substances which may have a harmful  effect on
the environment or the health of human beings or on any  living organism
which would be in an annual amount higher than 250,000  FRF (two hundred and
fifty thousand French Francs) in aggregate for the  Ducros Group, or its
exchange value in the currency of the country in  which the     
companies of the Ducros Group listed hereafter carry out an industrial 
activity: Ducros (France), Ducros SA (Spain), Dessert Products 
International/ Malile, Ducros Margao, Alb Ducros.  16.3 - Except as set
forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.16.3., no current or former  employees have made claims
against the companies of the Ducros Group on  the basis of exposure to toxic
substances in the performance of their  duties with the Companies, and, to
the Sellers\' Knowledge, no current  or former employee of the companies of
the Ducros Group is undergoing  medical treatment due to exposure to any such
substances during the  performance of their duties with the companies of the
Ducros Group.  16.4 In the last five (5) years no discharge, release,
leaching, emission or  escape into the environment of any such substance has
occurred or is  occurring in the conduct of the current or any former
businesses of any  of the companies of the Ducros Group or for which any of
them may  otherwise be held liable nor do the Sellers have actual Knowledge
that  any such event occurred in relation to any piece of land adjacent to 
any of the pieces of land occupied by the Ducros Group.  16.5 The Sellers
have produced to the Buyer full and accurate copies of all  environmental
reports prepared in relation to the activities of the  Ducros Group during
the last three (3) years.   ARTICLE 17 - LITIGATION  17.1 - Except as set
forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.17.1., the companies of the Ducros  Group:   (a) are
not parties to any judicial, administrative or arbitration  actions or
criminal proceedings currently pending;   (b) to Sellers\' Knowledge, there
are no facts likely to be the  cause of such action.  17.2 - Except as set
forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.17.2., there are no legal actions  currently pending or
any facts likely to give rise to such actions,  that might result in the
companies of the Ducros Group or any of the  Key Employees in his capacity as
an employee, being sentenced to  criminal sanctions. Nor to the Sellers\'
Knowledge, are there any  matters that might give rise to, nor any serious
threats of, any such  proceedings.  17.3 - The litigation in which the
companies of the Ducros Group are  involved has been duly reserved in the
1999 Proforma Consolidated  Balance Sheet of the Ducros Group in accordance
with French GAAP.  17.4 - The companies of the Ducros Group are not subject
to any judgements  or orders not yet enforced that might have a significant
negative  impact on their financial condition.  17.5 - Except as set forth
in EXHIBIT 18.A.17.5, the companies of the Ducros  Group are not the subject
of any official investigation or enquiry by  any administrative authority nor
have they been informed that any such  investigation or enquiry may take
place.     ARTICLE 18 - CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS  18.1 - EXHIBIT
8.A.18.1 lists or contains, as the case may be, at the date  of signing of
this Agreement, the (i) the twenty (20) largest customers  in terms of annual
revenue before VAT of the Ducros Group and (ii) all  other customers of the
Ducros Group which each purchase in excess of  five million French Francs
(5,000,000 FRF) or its exchange value in the  currency of the country in
which the companies carry out their  activities, (iii) together with complete
copies of the current  contracts with the distribution chains ("CENTRALES
D\'ACHAT").  18.2 - Attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.18.2. is a list at the date of
signature of  this Agreement of (i) the ten (10) largest suppliers in terms
of costs  for each of Ducros and Ducros Distribution Benelux and (ii) any
other  suppliers of the Ducros Group who generate individually revenues in 
excess of five million French Francs before VAT (5,000,000 FRF) with  the
Ducros Group or its exchange value in the currency of the country  in which
the companies carry out their activities.  18.3 Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT 8.A.18.3, to the Sellers\' Knowledge,  none of the major customers or
suppliers of any of the companies of the  Ducros Group intend to cease doing
business with such companies, or to  reduce materially the amount of the
business that it is presently doing  with such company. The Parties to the
contract mentioned in paragraphs  8.A.18.1 and 8.A.18.2 have in all material
respects carried out their  contractual obligations.  ARTICLE 19 - OTHER
AGREEMENTS  19.1 - Attached as EXHIBIT 8.A.19.1. lists or contains,
agreements other  than inter-company agreements and those which have not
already been  listed in other Exhibits, true and complete copies or extracts
of the  current contracts therefor:   a) service agreements or those
entered into with subcontractors  representing individually (i) a financial
commitment of the  companies of the Ducros Group in excess of three million 
French Francs (3,000,000 FRF) and (ii) with a term in excess  of one (1)
year;   b) contracts which (i) are onerous, and/or (ii) have a  non-compete
clause, and/or (iii) have an exclusivity clause,  and/or (iv) are not entered
into in the ordinary course of  business with a material impact on the
companies of the Ducros  Group.  19.2 The agreements attached as EXHIBIT
8.A.18.1, 8.A.18.2 and 18.A.19.1, of  this EXHIBIT 8.A. were entered into by
the companies of the Ducros  Group in the ordinary course of business, except
those contracts  mentioned in Article 8.A.19.1.b)(i) and Article
8.A.19.1(b)(iv). They  are still in force and are not subject to any
litigation, except as set  forth under litigation in EXHIBIT 8.A.17. All the
parties to the  agreements listed in EXHIBIT 8.A.19.1 have complied in all
material  respects with their contractual      obligations, the
agreements are not voidable and, to the Sellers\'  Knowledge, there is no
event likely to result in the termination or a  substantial amendment to
these agreements.  19.3 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.19.3., the
agreements referred to  in Articles 18 and 19 of this EXHIBIT 8.A, do not
contain any clauses  stipulating their early termination, any early payment,
or any  amendment to their essential contractual provisions in the event of
a  change in the control in the management or capital of the companies of 
the Ducros Group.  19.4 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.19.4, no
agreement to which any  member of the Ducros Group is a party violates or is
registerable under  any competition Laws, nor to the Sellers\' Knowledge has
any member of  the Ducros Group received notice of any complaint or threat to
make a  complaint in relation to such laws.   ARTICLE 20 - RELATIONSHIP OF
THE SELLERS WITH THE COMPANIES OF THE DUCROS GROUP   Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT 8.A.20., the companies of the Ducros  Group:   - are neither
creditors nor debtors of the Sellers;   - do not use, free of charge or for
a payment, any real property  belonging to the Sellers;   - have not
granted the Sellers any special right over any of  their assets; and   -
have not entered into any other written agreements with the 
Sellers.  ARTICLE 21 - TAXATION - SOCIAL SECURITY - CUSTOMS DUTIES  21.1 -
The companies of the Ducros Group have always complied with the Tax 
Legislation.  21.2 - There are no outstanding Taxes due by the companies of
the Ducros  Group. Adequate reserves have been made in the 1999 Proforma 
Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Ducros Group in respect of all  future
Taxes pertaining to the period prior to December 31, 1999.  21.3 - The
companies of the Ducros Group have filed all declarations and  have complied
with all the formalities required by the Tax Legislation  in the forms
required and within the time limits provided for by the  Tax Legislation.
They have provided the Tax Authorities, social  security agencies and any
complementary agencies with all the  information necessary to determine the
tax basis and the exact amount  of Taxes they owe as a result of their
activities.  21.4 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.21.4., the companies
of the Ducros  Group are not subject to any Tax audit in progress and have
not  received any notification of      reassessment and, to the
Sellers\' Knowledge, have not been otherwise  informed (in writing or
verbally) by a Tax Authority, social security  agency or by a additional
agency of its intent to proceed with an  investigation liable to result in a
reassessment of any kind  whatsoever.  21.5 - The companies of the Ducros
Group benefit from the tax and social  benefits or other subsidies or other
government subsidies set forth in  EXHIBIT 8.A.21.5.1. Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT 8.A.21.5.2., the  companies of the Ducros Group have complied with
all the obligations  attached to these tax and social benefits and subsidies
or other  government subsidies. The tax credits (including any "AVOIR
FISCAL")  have been used in accordance with the Tax Legislation. All tax
credits,  tax losses reported in the tax returns are valid and may be taken 
advantage of by the Ducros Group within the limits provided for in the  Tax
Legislation.  21.6 - Except for the registration duties ("DROITS
D\'ENREGISTREMENT") and  the consequences of the termination of the "TAX
INTEGRATION" with EBS,  the sale of the Shares shall not result (i) in any
additional Tax  payable by the companies of the Ducros Group or (ii) the loss
or  questioning of a tax benefit or of a particular tax treatment.  21.7 -
Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.21.7., the companies of the Ducros  Group
have paid all stamp duties, transfer taxes, contributions, costs  legally or
contractually owed by the Companies for transactions  concerning the sale or
contribution of securities or branch of activity  to which they were
parties.  21.8 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.21.8., the companies of
the Ducros  Group have not been granted any grace period, deferral or change
in  levy due in relation to Tax on such transactions completed prior to the 
Closing Date.  21.9 - The companies of the Ducros Group hold all the
necessary documents  justifying the information entered in the declarations
and formalities  set forth in Article 21.3 of this EXHIBIT 8.A., as well as
the  decisions they made pursuant to the Tax Legislation.  21.10 - Except
as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.21.10., the companies of the  Ducros Group have
not, between January 1, 2000 up to and including the  date of signature of
this Agreement:   (a) made, revoked, or changed any option relating to a Tax
which  might, directly or indirectly, have unfavorable consequences  for the
companies of the Ducros Group or the Buyer,   (b) renounced any limitation
on the taxable base or the recovery  of any Tax owed if this might, directly
or indirectly, have  unfavorable consequences for the companies of the Ducros
Group  or the Buyer,   (c) entered into or modified any agreement or
settlement with any  Tax Authority if this might, directly or indirectly,
have  unfavorable consequences for the companies of the Ducros Group  or the
Buyer.     ARTICLE 22 - LIABILITY RESULTING FROM PRODUCTS  Except as
set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.22.1., raw materials, packaging and
finished products of the companies of the Ducros Group comply, in all
material respects, with the regulations applicable to them and do not contain
fully prohibited hazardous substances.  The Products manufactured by the
companies of the Ducros Group are free from any hidden defects ("VICES
CACHES"). No judicial or administrative actions alleging the existence of any
hidden defects in any of the products manufactured by the companies of the
Ducros Group is currently pending and, to the Sellers\' Knowledge, there are
no grounds for such actions to be initiated.  Except as set forth in EXHIBIT
8.A.22.2, there have been no significant returns of products supplied by the
companies of the Ducros Group during the three (3) years preceding the date
of signature of this Agreement and no claims in respect of personal injury or
death arising from the use of Products so supplied during such
period.  ARTICLE 23 - INTRODUCTION OF THE EURO / Y2K COMPLIANCE  The
operations listed in EXHIBIT 8.A.23. have been undertaken and/or completed by
the companies of the Ducros Group in order to anticipate the introduction
of the Euro in France and in the other countries of the European Union that
have adopted the Euro and the arrival of the Year 2000.  ARTICLE 24 -
SITUATION SINCE JANUARY 1, 2000 INCLUSIVE  24.1 Since January 1, 2000, up to
and including the Closing Date, and except  as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.24.,
the Ducros Group has not carried out  any operations outside the scope of its
current management and in  particular has not:   a) outside the ordinary
course of business :   o granted, or promised to grant increases in
salaries, bonuses,  or other compensation (differed or not), retirement
insurance  pensions or other benefits to any employee or company agent or 
proceeded with layoffs;   o sold an asset necessary to their activities
without replacing  it or set up any Liens on Moveable Property or real
property;   o subscribed any indebtedness in amounts which would not be 
comparable to debts contracted in the past;   b) nor, in all
cases:      o adopted any profit-sharing plan or increased the
contributions  or the advantages provided for in such plans;   o entered
into, terminated or made any change to (i) any  licensing agreement with
respect to Intellectual Property or  (ii) any agreement or transaction
involving a commitment on  their part of an amount exceeding five million
French Francs  (5,000,000 FRF) in the aggregate or its exchange value on
the  date of signature of such contract or transaction in the  currency of
the country in which the company operates its  activities, or (iii) any
agreement or arrangement with any  member of the Sellers\' Group other than
those already listed  in Article 4 of the Agreement;   o acquired the
capital or a substantial percentage of the assets  of another company;   o
amended their by-laws except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.A.24.;   o paid any
dividend or other distribution to their shareholders  except Ducros
Guadeloupe;   o interrupted or suffered an interruption in its
activities;   o made or suffered any material adverse change in the
customer  or supplier relations of the Ducros Group subject to usual 
negotiations with such customers or suppliers.  ARTICLE 25 - ACCURACY OF THE
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AND EXHIBITS  The representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement, as well as the information in
EXHIBITs attached hereto are, as of the date of this Agreement, accurate,
true and complete and will be so on the Closing Date subject to
minor changes, notified to and accepted by the Buyer before Closing, it
being specified that the Buyer shall not unreasonably refuse such minor
changes. The copies of the agreements attached as exhibits to EXHIBIT 8.A.
are true and complete.  The information, in particular the documents,
facts, agreements, events, clearly brought to the Buyer\'s attention in this
Agreement and/or its EXHIBITs and/or in the EXHIBITs of the representations
and warranties of this EXHIBIT 8.A. shall discharge CFS from any liability
under the representations and warranties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Sellers will not be discharged from their liabilities (if any) with respect
to those matters listed in EXHIBIT 9.1.2.3 of the Agreement.  The
information, namely documents, facts, agreements, events, clearly brought
to the Buyer\'s attention in an Exhibit may be applicable to other Exhibits
or Articles without requiring express cross references.      EXHIBIT 8
B   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  OF THE SODIS GROUP  ARTICLE 1 -
CAPACITY OF EBS  1.1 - EBS has requisite powers and authority to enter into
this Agreement  and the Related Agreements and to fulfill its respective
obligations  incumbent upon it, particularly to sell the Sodis Shares.  1.2
- Except as provided for at Article 10 of the Agreement, the signing of  this
Agreement and the Related Agreements by EBS and the closing of the 
transactions contemplated herein:   a) are not subject to any prior
authorization consultation or  approval by the management boards of EBS and
Sodis, the  Workers Council of EBS or of Sodis, or administrative 
authorities other than those that have already been obtained  and a copy of
which was supplied to the Buyer pursuant to the  provisions of Article 5.2 of
this Agreement; and except with  regards to approval by the Board of the
Buyer as a new  shareholder of Sodis which shall be obtained before the 
Closing Date, no other corporate action on the part of the  Sellers is
necessary to authorise this Agreement or the  Closing of the transactions
contemplated herein;   b) will not violate any of the clauses of the by-laws
of EBS or  Sodis;   c) are not contrary to the provisions of any judicial
or  administrative decision.  ARTICLE 2 - INCORPORATION OF THE COMPANIES OF
THE SODIS GROUP  2.1 - The companies of the Sodis Group were duly
incorporated and are duly  registered with the registry of commerce and
companies. The secondary  establishments of the companies of the Sodis Group
have also been duly  registered with the registry of commerce and
companies.   2.2 - The by-laws of the companies of the Sodis Group have
been filed at  the registry of commerce and companies and are complete, exact
and up  to date.   2.3 - The companies of the Sodis Group are not subject
to any proceedings  initiated on the basis of the prevention and amicable
settlement of  corporate financial difficulties or any insolvency proceedings
or legal  liquidation, and there are no grounds for these      companies
to be subject to such proceedings. Each company of the Sodis  Group is
solvent and able to pay its debts as they fall due.   The shareholders of
the companies of the Sodis Group have not decided  to liquidate them, and the
companies are not subject to any legal  decision ordering such
liquidation.  2.4 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.2.4., the corporate
bodies  ("ORGANES SOCIAUX") of the companies of the Sodis Group were set up
and  operate in accordance with the Laws applicable to them. The registers, 
books and documents of these companies are held in accordance with 
provisions of the Law and truly and accurately reflect the corporate 
decisions made by these companies.   ARTICLE 3 - AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER
PERMITS  3.1 - The companies of the Sodis Group have all the
Authorizations  necessary to carry out their Activities as these are
currently carried  out. These Authorizations are in full force.  3.2 - To
the Sellers\' Knowledge, there are no facts or events likely to  result in
the withdrawal, suspension or questioning of said  Authorizations. The
companies of the Sodis Group carry out their  activities in accordance with
these Authorizations and all applicable  Laws.  ARTICLE 4 - CAPITAL
STOCK  4.1 - For each of the companies of the Sodis Group, EXHIBIT 8.B.4.1 
identifies, as of the date of this Agreement (i) the jurisdiction and  date
of incorporation, (ii) the names of its directors or managers and  the date
that their position is to be renewed, (iii) the share capital,  (iv) the
number of shares, and (v) the names of all the shareholders as  well as the
number and percentages of shares they own.  4.2 - The shares and equity
interests ("PARTS SOCIALES") that make up all  the capital of the companies
of the Sodis Group are the only  transferable securities issued by the
companies of the Sodis Group. The  companies of the Sodis Group have not
issued or promised to issue any  other securities of any type whatsoever,
including but not limited to  investment certificates ("CERTIFICAT
D\'INVESTISSEMENT") and preferred  shares without voting rights ("ACTIONS
PRIORITAIRES SANS DROIT DE  VOTE") or bonds ("OBLIGATIONS").   The
companies of the Sodis Group have made no commitment concerning (i)  a
capital increase, particularly through the issue of options or  convertible
or exchangeable securities or (ii) other rights to acquire  or to offer
shares, equity interests securities, bonds, Liens or other  rights over the
share capital of any of the companies of the Sodis  Group.      From the
Closing Date, the Buyer shall exercise all the rights attached  to the Sodis
Shares, particularly the right to vote and the right to  receive all
dividends.  4.3 - The shares and equity interests making up the capital of
the  companies of the Sodis Group are validly issued and fully paid-up; 
these shares and equity interests are freely transferable and there are  no
other restrictions to their transferability other than those set  forth in
this Agreement and those resulting from the Law or their  by-laws.  4.4 -
The shares and equity interests of the companies of the Sodis Group  are free
from any Liens.   ARTICLE 5 - EQUITY INTERESTS  5.1 - Except for their
equity interests within the Sodis Group, the  companies of the Sodis Group do
not, directly or indirectly, hold any  equity interest of any amount or kind
whatsoever in any company or  legal entity, nor has any company of the Sodis
Group any liability  arising out of any equity interest in any company or
legal entity which  it no longer holds.  5.2 - The companies of the Sodis
Group do not exercise any duties as legal  representatives of a company
("MANDATAIRES SOCIAUX") in another company  and are not likely to be
qualified as a de facto manager of another  company or legal entity.  5.3
The companies of the Sodis Group are not party to any shareholders\' 
agreement or to any other agreement that deals with the management of a 
company of the Sodis Group by a company which is not in the Sodis Group  or
which aims to split all or part of the profits with a third party,  and they
have not promised to enter into any such agreements.  ARTICLE 6 - FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  6.2 The 1999 Consolidated Accounts of the Sodis Group, which is
attached in  EXHIBIT 1(f) of the Agreement, complies with the Laws and was
prepared  in accordance with French GAAP. The 1999 Consolidated Accounts of
the  Sodis Group are true and accurate and fairly present the financial 
position, the income statement and the assets and liabilities of the 
companies of the Sodis Group as of December 31, 1999, and show all 
liabilities and off-balance sheet items.  6.2 The companies of the Sodis
Group have no off-balance sheet commitments  nor any litigation at 31
December 1999, other than those mentioned in  the 1999 Consolidated Accounts
of the Sodis Group.  6.3 The companies of the Sodis Group have not issued or
promised to issue  any guarantees, securities or letters of comfort to
guarantee  performance of third party obligations nor do      they have
any unusual liabilities or other liabilities not arising in  the ordinary
cause of business which are not recorded in the 1999  Consolidated Accounts
of the Sodis Group.  6.6 The books and records of the Sodis Group properly
reflect all  transactions of the Sodis Group in accordance with GAAP.  6.7
The Projected EBIT was prepared on the basis of future sales and  objectives
for revenues and profits for the Ducros Group and for the  Sodis Group, which
the Sellers estimated, at the time the amounts were  established and taking
into account their experience, could reasonably  be achieved by the two
groups subject to risks and uncertainties which  could affect them and which
originate from outside factors, including  but not limited to, action taken
by competitors, relationships with  clients, fluctuations in costs,
availability of the chain of suppliers,  foreign economic conditions and
fluctuations in the exchange rates.   It is expressly agreed that this
representation is not a guaranty by  the Sellers that the objectives and
results in the projected EBIT will  be achieved.  ARTICLE 7 - PERSONNEL OF
THE COMPANIES OF THE SODIS GROUP  7.1 The lists of the employees of the
companies of the Sodis Group as at  May 31, 2000, are attached as EXHIBIT
8.B.7.1.1. These lists set forth  the employer, name, title, nature of the
term (either fixed or  indefinite) of their contract, their age, seniority,
category and  classification, as necessary, as well as their remuneration,
including  bonuses and benefits in-kind. They have not been significantly
modified  since they were prepared.   The lists of employees on sabbatical
leave, parental leave or on  long-term sick leave as at May 31, 2000, are
attached as EXHIBIT  8.B.7.1.2.   None of the employment contracts of the
companies of the Sodis Group  provide for a notice period or payment of
compensation in excess of  that provided for by applicable Laws or the
collective bargaining  agreement.  7.3 The list of Key Employees and legal
representatives of the companies of  Sodis Group is attached as EXHIBIT
8.B.7.2.1.   To the Sellers\' knowledge, none of the Key Employees has
resigned or  threatened to resign. Mr. Herve Raoult has a verbal employment
contract  with the company Paris Sud Distribution.   Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT 8.B.7.2.3., the legal representatives of  the companies of the Sodis
Group do not have any employment contracts  or service contracts granted to
them by the companies of the Sodis  Group.  7.3 - The employment contracts
have been executed by the companies of the  Sodis Group, taking into account
the positions occupied by the  employees in accordance with their     
contractual provisions, the collective bargaining agreements  ("CONVENTIONS
COLLECTIVES") and Laws, particularly those related to  wages, working hours,
and to health and safety conditions, and the  companies of the Sodis Group
are up to date with their obligations as  employers.  7.4 - EXHIBIT
8.B.7.4. sets forth the titles of the collective bargaining  agreements
applicable to the companies of the Sodis Group.  7.5 - The companies of the
Sodis Group are not subject to any legal decision  or settlement agreement
providing for the rehiring of a former  employee.  7.6 - EXHIBIT 8.B.7.6.
lists or contains copies of the investigations,  notices received from or
reports prepared by Labor Inspectors and  received by the companies of the
Sodis Group during the last three (3)  years as well as copies of the
responses given by the companies of the  Sodis Group.  7.7 - The companies
of the Sodis Group have not experienced any strikes or  other industrial
action during the last two (2) years. To the Sellers\'  Knowledge, there are
not any serious threats of strikes or other  industrial action.  7.8 - A
copy of the agreements related to working hours signed by the  companies of
the Sodis Group is attached as EXHIBIT 8.B.7.8.  7.9 - EXHIBIT 8.B.7.9. sets
forth the labor law proceedings (administrative  or judicial) currently
pending to which the companies of the Sodis  Group are party. To the
Sellers\' Knowledge, there are no serious  threats that such proceedings
which would justify recording a provision  in the accounts of the companies
of the Sodis Group, are initiated  against the companies of the Sodis
Group.  7.11. Save as disclosed in EXHIBIT 8.B.7.10, no company of the Sodis
Group  makes or is required to make contributions to any pension, profit 
sharing or other retirement plan, employee share ownership plan, bonus  or
other incentive plan, contractual severance plan, health, death or  group
insurance plan or similar plan agreement program or undertaking  ("PLAN").
The companies of the Sodis Group have made all required  contributions under
their respective Plans and paid all premium amounts  payable for all periods
through and including the Closing Date, and  when required by French GAAP,
adequate provisions have been made in the  1999 Consolidated Accounts of the
Sodis Group.  ARTICLE 8 - FIXED ASSETS  8.1 - Attached as EXHIBIT 8.B.8.1.
is the list of the real property owned  by the companies of the Sodis
Group.     8.2 - The list of real property leased by the companies of the
Sodis Group  is attached as EXHIBIT 8.B.8.2.. Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT  8.B.8.4, no other leases or temporary leases ("convention
d\'occupation  precaire") have been signed by the companies of the Sodis
Group.   The companies of the Sodis Group have not executed any financial
leases  ("CREDIT-BAIL") concerning real property.   These leases, temporary
leases and financial leases are in force and  are not subject to any disputes
or claims except as disclosed in  Article 14 of EXHIBIT 8.B. They do not
contain any onerous provisions.   The companies of the Sodis Group have
complied with the contractual  clauses of leases, temporary leases and
financial leases and the  companies of the Sodis Group are up to date with
respect to payment of  rents and occupation indemnities.   The companies of
the Sodis Group have not received any notice ("CONGE")  or notice of
termination of these agreements, and these agreements do  not provide any
termination clause or right of variation in the event  of a change in control
in the capital or management of the companies of  the Sodis Group.  8.3 -
The buildings conform in all material respects, to the Laws and in 
particular, the zoning and building ordinances and safety, hygiene and  labor
rules applicable to them. The buildings are in a normal state of  repair and
maintenance, taking into account their age and the quality  of materials
generally used locally, and their current condition does  not require any
major structural or other repair.   8.4 - The buildings are used
exclusively by the companies of the Sodis  Group for the needs of their usual
activities and make up all of the  buildings necessary for these activities,
subject to subcontracting  activities. The buildings are suitable for the
purposes for which they  are currently being used.   Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT 8.B.8.4., the companies of the Sodis  Group have not granted any
third party any rental agreements for the  buildings that belong to them or
any sublease agreement for those which  they are leasing.  8.5 - Except as
set forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.8.5., the companies of the Sodis  Group have not
received any notification of any administrative or court  decision that might
restrict or modify the use of the buildings by the  companies of the Sodis
Group.     ARTICLE 9 - MOVEABLE PROPERTY OTHER THAN INVENTORIES  9.1 -
Attached as EXHIBIT 8.B.9.1, is a list of the Moveable Property, as  at May
31, 2000, used by the companies of the Sodis Group. This  Moveable Property
makes up all the Moveable Property necessary for the  normal course of the
business of the companies of the Sodis Group.  There have been no material
changes to the lists of Moveable Property  since this date.  9.2 - The
companies listed above have full ownership of all the Moveable  Property,
except those used under a financial lease ("CREDIT-BAIL") or  a lease
agreement. The list of the lease or financial lease agreements  is attached
as EXHIBIT 8.B.9.2.  9.3 - The Moveable Property is not subject to any Liens
or any third-party  action to claim title.  9.4 - The Moveable Property is
in a normal state of maintenance and repair  and operating conditions,
subject to ordinary wear. It is fit for the  purposes for which it was
intended and all the legal and regulatory  provisions applicable to it have
been complied with.  9.5 - The lease and financial lease agreements
pertaining to Moveable  Property are in force and are not subject to any
disputes or claims  except as set forth in Article 14 of EXHIBIT 8.B. The
companies of the  Sodis Group have complied, in all material respects, with
the  contractual clauses of these agreements and they are up to date with 
all payments.   The companies of the Sodis Group have not received any
notification of  termination of these agreements, and these agreements do not
provide  for any clause for termination or right of variation in the event
of  any change in the control in the capital or management of the companies 
of the Sodis Group.  ARTICLE 10 - RECEIVABLES - RESERVES  Reserves for
receivables appearing in the 1999 Consolidated Accounts of the Sodis Group
have been made in accordance with GAAP. To the Sellers\' Knowledge, no
receivable is subject to a counterclaim. All receivables are valid
and enforceable and, not being the object of a set-off except in the ordinary
course of business, have realised their nominal amount subject only to any
provisions for bad debts appearing in the 1999 Consolidated Accounts of the
Sodis Group.  ARTICLE 11 - BANK ACCOUNTS  Attached as EXHIBIT 8.B.11.
are:   a) the list of bank accounts opened by the companies of the Sodis 
Group and,      b) the list of individuals holding powers of attorney for
said  accounts together with a summary statement of the terms 
thereof.  ARTICLE 12 - INSURANCE  12.1 - A list of all insurance policies
subscribed by the companies of the  Sodis Group or by EBS under its group
policies is attached as EXHIBIT  8.B.12.1.  12.2 - These insurance policies
cover the risks that may affect the assets  of the companies of the Sodis
Group sufficiently and under normal  conditions, in accordance with good
commercial practice. Each company  in the Sodis Group is adequately covered
against accident, third party,  public liability, product liability and other
risks generally covered  by insurance.  12.3 - Attached as EXHIBIT
8.B.12.3. is a list of insurance claims in excess  of 250,000 FRF (two
hundred and fifty thousand French Francs) within  the last two (2) fiscal
years, and the amount of indemnities paid by  the insurance companies in
relation to said claims.  12.4 - All insurance policy premiums as listed in
EXHIBIT 8.B.12.1 have been  paid by the companies of the Sodis Group and all
obligations set forth  in the clauses of these policies have been fulfilled
in all material  respects.  12.5 - The companies of the Sodis Group have
not been informed by the  insurance companies of their intention to increase
substantially the  amount of said premiums, to terminate the policies or not
to renew them  and nothing has been done or omitted which would make any
policy of  insurance void or voidable or enable the insurers to void the
same.   ARTICLE 13 - ENVIRONMENT  13.1 - The companies of the Sodis Group
have complied in all material  respects with the applicable environmental
Laws concerning classified  installations, pollution, contamination or
protection of the  environment, the storage, labelling, handling, release,
treatment,  manufacture, processing, deposit, transportation or disposal of 
substances which may have a harmful effect on the environment or the  health
of man or on any living organism.   Except for fibro-cement sheets present
in certain buildings that  contain a percentage of asbestos, (it being
specified that this  percentage of asbestos complies with all applicable
regulations in  force on the date of this Agreement), the buildings leased by
the  companies of the Sodis Group, do not contain any asbestos.  13.2 - The
companies of the Sodis Group are not legally required to perform  work or
have work performed or to make capital expenditures in order to  comply with
any environmental Laws relating to classified  installations, pollution,
contamination or      protection of the environment, the storage,
labelling, handling,  release, treatment, manufacture, processing, deposit,
transportation or  disposal of substances which may have a harmful effect on
the  environment or the health of man or on any living organism which would 
be in an annual amount higher than 250,000 FRF (two hundred and fifty 
thousand French Francs) in aggregate for the Sodis Group.  13.3 - No current
or former employees have made claims against the companies  of the Sodis
Group on the basis of exposure to toxic substances as  aforesaid in the
performance of their duties with the Companies, and,  to the Sellers\'
Knowledge, no current or former employee of the  companies of the Sodis Group
is undergoing medical treatment due to  exposure to any such substances
during the performance of their duties  with the companies of the Sodis
Group.  13.4 In the last five (5) years no discharge, release, leaching,
emission or  escape into the environment of any such substance has occurred
or is  occurring in the conduct of the current or any former businesses of
any  of the companies of the Sodis Group or for which any of them may 
otherwise be held liable.  ARTICLE 14 - LITIGATION  14.1 - Except as set
forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.14.1., the companies of the Sodis  Group:   (a) are
not parties to any judicial, administrative or arbitration  actions or
criminal proceedings currently pending;   (b) to Sellers\' Knowledge, there
are no facts likely to be the  cause of such action.  14.2 - Except as set
forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.14.3., there are no legal actions  currently pending or
any facts likely to give rise to such actions,  that might result in the
companies of the Sodis Group or any of the Key  Employees in his capacity as
an employee, being sentenced to criminal  penalties.  14.3 - The litigation
in which the companies of the Sodis Group are involved  have been duly
reserved in the 1999 Consolidated Accounts of the Sodis  Group in accordance
with French GAAP.  14.4 - The companies of the Sodis Group are not subject
to any judgements or  orders not yet enforced and that might have a
significant negative  impact on their financial condition.  14.5 - Except
as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.14.5, the companies of the Sodis  Group are not
the subject of any official investigation or enquiry by  any administrative
authority nor have they been informed that any such  investigation or enquiry
may take place.     ARTICLE 15 - CONTRACTS  15.1 - Attached as EXHIBIT
8.B.15.1. lists and also contains true and  complete copies or extracts of
the contracts entered into with Ducros  which have not already been listed in
other EXHIBITs.  15.2 The agreements attached as EXHIBIT 8.B.15.1 were
entered into by the  companies of the Sodis Group in the ordinary course of
business are  still in force and are not subject to any litigation between
the  parties. The parties to these agreements have complied in all material 
respects with their contractual obligations, the agreements are not  voidable
and, to the Sellers\' Knowledge, there is no event likely to  result in the
termination or a substantial amendment to these  agreements.  15.3 - The
agreements referred to in this Article 19 do not contain any  clauses
stipulating their early termination, any early payment, or any  amendment to
their essential contractual provisions in the event of a  change in the
control in the management or capital of the companies of  the Sodis
Group.  15.4 - No agreement to which any member of the Sodis Group is a
party  violates or is registerable under any competition Laws, nor to the 
Sellers\' Knowledge has any member of the Sodis Group received notice of  any
complaint or threat to make a complaint in relation to such laws.  ARTICLE
16 - RELATIONSHIP OF THE SELLERS WITH THE COMPANIES OF THE SODIS
GROUP  Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.16., the companies of the Sodis
Group:  o are neither creditors nor debtors of the Sellers;  o do not use,
free of charge or for a payment, any real property  belonging to the
Sellers;  o have not granted the Sellers any special right over any of
their  assets; and  o have not entered into any other written agreements
with the Sellers.  ARTICLE 17 - TAXATION - SOCIAL SECURITY - CUSTOMS
DUTIES  17.1 - The companies of the Sodis Group have always complied with
the Tax  Legislation.  17.2 - There are no outstanding Taxes due by the
companies of the Sodis  Group. Adequate reserves have been made in the 1999
Consolidated  Accounts for the Sodis Group in respect of all future Taxes
pertaining  to the period prior to December 31, 1999.  17.3 - The companies
of the Sodis Group have filed all declarations and have  complied with all
the formalities required by the Tax Legislation in  the forms required and
within the time limits provided for by the Tax  Legislation. They have
provided the Tax Authorities,     social security agencies and any
complementary agencies with all  the information necessary to determine the
tax basis and the exact  amount of Taxes they owe as a result of their
activities.  17.4 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.17.4., the companies
of the Sodis  Group are not subject to any Tax audit in progress and have
not  received any notification of reassessment and, to the Sellers\' 
Knowledge, have not been otherwise informed (in writing or verbally)  by a
Tax Authority, social security agency or by an additional  agency of its
intent to proceed with an investigation liable to  result in a reassessment
of any kind whatsoever, nor are there any  matters which may give rise to any
such investigation or  reassessment.  17.5 - The companies of the Sodis
Group benefit from the tax and social  benefits or other subsidies or other
government subsidies set forth in  EXHIBIT 8.B.17.5.1. Except as set forth in
EXHIBIT 8.B.17.5.2., the  companies of the Sodis Group have complied with all
the obligations  attached to these tax and social benefits and subsidies or
other  government subsidies. The tax credits (including any "AVOIR FISCAL") 
have been used in accordance with the Tax Legislation. All tax credits,  tax
losses reported in the tax returns are valid and may be taken  advantage of
by the Sodis Group within the limits provided for in the  Tax
Legislation.  17.6 - Except for the registration duties ("DROITS
D\'ENREGISTREMENT") and  the consequences of the termination of the "TAX
INTEGRATION" with EBS,  the sale of the Shares shall not result (i) in any
additional Tax  payable by the companies of the Sodis Group or (ii) the loss
or  questioning of a tax benefit or of a particular tax treatment.  17.7 -
Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.17.7., the companies of the Sodis  Group
have paid all stamp duties, transfer taxes, contributions, costs  legally or
contractually owed by the Companies for transactions to  which they were
parties such as a sale or contribution of securities or  branch of
activity.  17.8 - Except as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.17.8., the companies of
the Sodis  Group have not been granted any grace period, deferral or change
in  levy due in relation to Tax on such transactions completed prior to the 
Closing Date.  17.9 - The companies of the Sodis Group hold all the
necessary documents  justifying the information entered in the declarations
and formalities  set forth in Article 17.3 of this EXHIBIT 8.B., as well as
the  decisions they made pursuant to the Tax Legislation.  17.10 - Except
as set forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.17.10., the companies of the Sodis  Group have
not, between January 1, 2000 up to and including the date of  signature of
this Agreement:   (d) made, revoked, or changed any option relating to a Tax
which might,  directly or indirectly, have unfavorable consequences for the 
companies of the Sodis Group or the Buyer,      (e) renounced any
limitation on the taxable base or the recovery of any  Tax owed if this
might, directly or indirectly, have unfavorable  consequences for the
companies of the Sodis Group or the Buyer,   (f) entered into or modified
any agreement or settlement with any Tax  Authority if this might, directly
or indirectly, have unfavorable  consequences for the companies of the Sodis
Group or the Buyer.  ARTICLE 18 - INTRODUCTION OF THE EURO / Y2K
COMPLIANCE  The operations listed in EXHIBIT 8.B.18. have been undertaken
and/or completed by the companies of the Sodis Group in order to anticipate
the introduction of the Euro in France and in the other countries of the
European Union that have adopted the Euro and the arrival of the Year
2000.  ARTICLE 19 - SITUATION SINCE JANUARY 1, 2000 INCLUSIVE  19.1 Since
January 1, 2000, up to and including the Closing Date, and except  as set
forth in EXHIBIT 8.B.19., the Sodis Group has not carried out  any operations
outside the scope of its current management and in  particular has not:  
c) outside the ordinary course of business :   o granted, or promised to
grant increases in salaries, bonuses,  or other compensation (differed or
not), pensions or other  benefits to any employee or company agent or
proceeded with  layoffs;   o sold an asset necessary to their activities
without replacing  it or set up any Liens on Moveable Property or real
property;   o subscribed any indebtedness in amounts which would not be 
comparable to debts contracted in the past;   d) nor, in all cases:   o
adopted any profit-sharing plan or increased the contributions  or the
advantages provided for in such plans;   o entered into, terminated or made
any change to (i) any  agreement or transaction involving a commitment on
their part  in an amount exceeding five million French Francs (5,000,000 
FRF) in the aggregate, or (ii) any agreement or arrangement  with any member
of the Sellers other than those already listed  in Article 4 of the
Agreement;      o acquired the capital or a substantial percentage of the
assets  of another company;   o amended their by-laws except as set forth
in EXHIBIT 8.B.2.4.;   o paid any dividend or other distribution to their
shareholders;   o interrupted or suffered an interruption in its
activities;   o made or suffered any material adverse change in its
customer  or supplier relations subject to usual negotiations with such 
customers or suppliers.  ARTICLE 20 - ACCURACY OF THE REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES AND EXHIBITS  The representations and warranties contained in
this Agreement, as well as the information in EXHIBITs attached hereto are,
as of the date of this Agreement, accurate, true and complete and will be so
in all material aspects on the Closing Date subject to minor changes,
notified to and accepted by the Buyer before Closing, it being specified that
the Buyer shall not unreasonably refuse such minor changes. The copies of the
agreements attached as EXHIBITs to this Agreement are true and
complete.  The information, in particular the documents, facts, agreements,
events, clearly brought to the Buyer\'s attention in this Agreement and/or
its EXHIBITs or in the EXHIBITs of the Representations and Warranties given
in EXHIBIT 8.B. shall to such extent discharge EBS from any liability under
the present representations and warranties. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Sellers will not be discharged from their liabilities (if any) with
respect to those matters listed in EXHIBIT 9.1.2.3 of the Agreement.  The
information, namely documents, facts, agreements, events, clearly brought
to the Buyer\'s attention in an EXHIBIT may be applicable to other EXHIBITs
or Articles without requiring express cross references.   '

