 EX-10.3 PLAN OF MERGER    EXECUTION
COPY   Exhibit
10.3  ================================================================================  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   among   DYCOM INDUSTRIES, INC.,  
UTILIQUEST ACQUISITION CORP.,   UTILIQUEST HOLDINGS CORP.   and  
OCM/GFI POWER OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.   Dated as of November 17,
2003  ================================================================================    
TABLE OF CONTENTS     PAGE  ----  ~~   ARTICLE I   THE
MERGER  SECTION 1.01. The
Merger................................................. 1  SECTION 1.02.
Effective Time; Closing.................................... 1  SECTION 1.03.
Effect of the Merger....................................... 2  SECTION 1.04.
Certificate of Incorporation; By-Laws...................... 2  SECTION 1.05.
Directors.................................................. 2   ARTICLE
II   CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES  Section 2.01
Conversion of Securities................................... 2  Section 2.02
Merger Consideration....................................... 3  Section 2.03
Stock Options.............................................. 4  Section 2.04
Exchange of Certificates................................... 4  Section 2.05
Calculation of the Merger Consideration and the Per Share  Merger
Consideration....................................... 5  Section 2.06 Merger
Consideration Adjustment............................ 5  Section 2.07 Stock
Transfer Books....................................... 7  Section 2.08
Escrow..................................................... 8  Section 2.09
Withholding................................................ 8  Section 2.10
Dissenting Shares.......................................... 8   
i      ~~   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY  Section 3.01 Organization and Qualification of the
Company.............. 9  Section 3.02
Subsidiaries............................................... 9  Section 3.03
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws................... 10  Section 3.04
Capitalization............................................. 10  Section 3.05
Authority Relative to This Agreement....................... 11  Section 3.06
No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents................. 12  Section 3.07
Licenses and Permits....................................... 12  Section 3.08
Compliance with Law and Notices of Violation............... 13  Section 3.09
Financial Information; Books and Records; Undisclosed 
Liabilities................................................ 13  Section 3.10
Absence of Certain Changes or Events....................... 14  Section 3.11
Absence of Litigation...................................... 14  Section 3.12
Employee Benefit Plans..................................... 14  Section 3.13
Labor and Employment Matters............................... 16  Section 3.14
Key Employees.............................................. 17  Section 3.15
Real Property.............................................. 17  Section 3.16
Intellectual Property...................................... 18  Section 3.17
Taxes...................................................... 20  Section 3.18
Environmental Matters...................................... 22  Section 3.19
Accounts Receivable........................................ 22  Section 3.20
Inventories................................................ 22  Section 3.21
Material Contracts......................................... 23  Section 3.22
Insurance.................................................. 24  Section 3.23
Related Party Transactions................................. 24   
ii      ~~  Section 3.24 Board Approval; Vote
Required.............................. 24  Section 3.25 Title to
Assets............................................ 25  Section 3.26
Customers.................................................. 25  Section 3.27
Brokers.................................................... 25  Section 3.28
No Other Representations or Warranties..................... 26   ARTICLE
IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB  Section 4.01
Corporate Organization..................................... 26  Section 4.02
Authority Relative to This Agreement....................... 26  Section 4.03
No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents................. 26  Section 4.04
No Vote Required........................................... 27  Section 4.05
Operations of Merger Sub................................... 27  Section 4.06
Financing.................................................. 27  Section 4.07
Brokers.................................................... 27   ARTICLE
V   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER  Section 5.01 Conduct of
Business by the Company Pending the Merger...... 28   ARTICLE VI  
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  Section 6.01 Access to Information;
Confidentiality..................... 30  Section 6.02 No Solicitation of
Transactions............................ 31  Section 6.03 Further Action;
Commercially Reasonable Efforts............ 31  Section 6.04 Obligations of
Merger Sub.................................. 32  Section 6.05 Public
Announcements....................................... 32    iii      ~~
 Section 6.06 Closing Date Debt..........................................
33  Section 6.07 UQ Acquisition Claims......................................
33  Section 6.08 Termination of Enumerated Related Party Agreements  and
Other Contracts........................................ 34  Section 6.09
Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release.................... 34  Section 6.10
Estoppel Certificates...................................... 35   ARTICLE
VII   CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER  Section 7.01 Conditions to the Obligations
of Parent and Merger Sub..... 35  Section 7.02 Conditions to the Obligations
of GFI and the Company....... 36   ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER  Section 8.01
Termination................................................ 37  Section 8.02
Effect of Termination...................................... 38  Section 8.03
Expenses................................................... 38   ARTICLE
IX   INDEMNIFICATION  Section 9.01 Survival of Representations, Warranties
and Covenants...... 39  Section 9.02 Indemnification of Parent Indemnified
Parties.............. 39  Section 9.03 Indemnification by
Parent.................................. 40  Section 9.04 Limits on
Indemnification.................................. 40  Section 9.05
Indemnification Procedures................................. 41  Section 9.06
Delivery and Release of Indemnity Escrow................... 42  Section 9.07
No Right of Contribution................................... 43   
iv      ~~  Section 9.08 Exclusive
Remedy........................................... 43  Section 9.09 Losses
Net of Insurance, Tax Benefits...................... 43  Section 9.10 No
Consequential Damages................................... 44  Section 9.11
Subrogation of Rights...................................... 44  Section 9.12
Tax Matters................................................ 45  Section 9.13
Stockholder Representative................................. 49   ARTICLE
X   MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS  Section 10.01
Notices.................................................... 49  Section
10.02 Certain Definitions........................................
50  Section 10.03
Severability............................................... 60  Section
10.04 Entire Agreement; Assignment...............................
61  Section 10.05 Parties in
Interest........................................ 61  Section 10.06
Arbitration; Legal Proceedings............................. 61  Section
10.07 Specific Performance.......................................
62  Section 10.08
Amendment.................................................. 62  Section
10.09 Waiver.....................................................
62  Section 10.10
Headings................................................... 63  Section
10.11 Pronouns...................................................
63  Section 10.12
Counterparts...............................................
63   EXHIBITS  Exhibit 2.05 - Calculation of Closing Date Debt  Exhibit
2.06(a) - Form of Statement of Working Capital and Working Capital 
Calculation Procedures  Exhibit 2.08 - Form of Escrow Agreement  Exhibit
6.06 - List of Capital Leases  Exhibit 6.08 - Enumerated Contracts for
Termination  Exhibit 6.10 - List of Leased Properties Requiring Estoppel
Certificates   v    Exhibit 7.01(h) - Form of Non-Disclosure
Agreement  SCHEDULES  Schedule I - List of Persons Deemed to Have
Knowledge of the Company   vi    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as
of November 17, 2003 (this "Agreement"), among Dycom Industries, Inc., a
Florida corporation ("Parent"), UtiliQuest Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"),
UtiliQuest Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and
OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
("GFI").   WHEREAS, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
this Agreement and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), Parent and the Company will enter into a
business combination transaction pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with
and into the Company with the Company being the surviving corporation (the
"Merger");   WHEREAS, this Agreement and the Merger have been adopted
and approved by the respective boards of directors of Parent, Merger Sub and
the Company;   WHEREAS, this Agreement and the Merger have been duly
adopted and approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of common stock of the Company entitled to vote; and   WHEREAS, on or prior
to the Closing, Parent, the Representative and Wilmington Trust Company, or
another mutually acceptable escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent"), shall execute
an escrow agreement (the "Escrow Agreement") substantially in the form of
Exhibit 2.08 hereof;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub, GFI and the Company hereby agree as
follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   SECTION 1.01. The Merger. Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in
accordance with the DGCL, at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.02),
Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company. As a result of the
Merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the
Company shall continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the
"Surviving Corporation").   SECTION 1.02. Effective Time; Closing. As
promptly as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
set forth in Article VII (other than those conditions that by their nature
are to be performed at Closing), but in no event later than two (2) Business
Days after such satisfaction or waiver, the parties hereto shall cause the
Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger (the "Certificate
of Merger") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, in such
form as is required by, and executed in accordance with, the relevant
provisions of the DGCL (the date and time of such filing of the Certificate
of Merger (or such later time as may be agreed by each of the parties hereto
and specified in the Certificate of Merger) being the "Effective Time").
Contemporaneously with the filing of the Certificate of Merger, a closing
(the "Closing") shall be held at the offices of Shearman and Sterling LLP,
599    Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022, or such other place as
the parties shall agree. The date the Closing occurs shall be referred to
herein as the "Closing Date".   SECTION 1.03. Effect of the Merger. At the
Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in this
Agreement, the Certificate of Merger and the applicable provisions of the
DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto,
at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, powers and
franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving
Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions,
disabilities and duties of each of the Company and Merger Sub shall become
the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of
the Surviving Corporation.   SECTION 1.04. Certificate of Incorporation; By-
Laws.   (a) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of
Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended as provided by Law and such Certificate of Incorporation;
provided, however, that, at the Effective Time, Article I of the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended to read as
follows: "The name of the corporation is UtiliQuest Holdings Corp.".   (b)
At the Effective Time, the By-Laws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by Law, the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such By-Laws.   SECTION 1.05.
Directors. The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to
hold office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws
of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving
Corporation, in each case until their respective successors are duly elected
or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death resignation or
approval.   ARTICLE II   CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES   Section 2.01 Conversion of Securities. At the Effective
Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Merger
Sub, the Company or the holders of any of the following securities:   (a)
each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the
"Company Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (each a "Share" and collectively, the "Shares" and each holder
of Shares, a   2    "Stockholder") (other than any Shares to be canceled
pursuant to Section 2.01(b)) shall be canceled and shall be converted
automatically into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration
(as defined below). As of the Effective Time, all such Shares shall no longer
be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall
cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such Shares
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except for the right to
receive the Per Share Merger Consideration payable upon surrender of the
certificate (or delivery of a duly executed affidavit of lost certificate)
that formerly evidenced such Share in the manner provided in Section
2.04;   (b) each share held in the treasury of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled without any conversion thereof
and no payment or distribution shall be made with respect thereto; and   (c)
each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted
into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share
of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation.  
Section 2.02 Merger Consideration.   (a) Subject to the adjustments set
forth in Section 2.06, the "Merger Consideration" shall consist of (i) $120
million in cash, less (ii) an amount equal to the Closing Date Debt (only to
the extent not previously paid or taken into account in determining Working
Capital), all of which Parent shall cause to be repaid as of the Closing, as
set forth in Section 6.06 hereof, less (iii) the Closing Expenses (only to
the extent not previously paid or taken into account in determining Working
Capital) and less (iv) the Adjustment Escrow Amount and the Indemnity Escrow
Amount which amounts shall be deposited into the Escrow Accounts by the
Parent pursuant to Section 2.08 hereof, as adjusted in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement.   (b) Subject to the adjustments set forth in
Section 2.06 for purposes of this Agreement, the "Per Share Merger
Consideration" shall mean (i) the sum of (A) the Merger Consideration, plus
(B) the Aggregate Option Exercise Price (as defined below), divided by (ii)
the Aggregate Fully-Diluted Shares (as defined below). The "Aggregate Fully-
Diluted Shares" shall be the sum of the aggregate number of Shares
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, plus the aggregate
number of Shares issuable upon the exercise in full of all Options (as
defined below) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, and the
"Aggregate Option Exercise Price" shall mean the sum of the cash exercise
prices payable upon exercise in full of all such outstanding Options.  
3     Section 2.03 Stock Options.   (a) Effective as of the Effective
Time, the Company shall take all necessary action, including obtaining the
consent of the individual holders of Options (the "Optionholders"), if
necessary, and the adoption of board of directors resolutions providing for
the acceleration and cash-out of the Options to (i) terminate the Company\'s
Stock Option Plan, as amended through the date of this Agreement, (ii)
provide that each outstanding option to purchase Shares granted under the
Company Stock Option Plan (each, an "Option") that is outstanding and
unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not vested or
exercisable, shall become fully vested and exercisable as of the Effective
Time and (iii) cancel as of the Effective Time each Option that is
outstanding and unexercised at the Effective Time. Each holder of an Option
that is outstanding and unexercised at the Effective Time and that has an
exercise price per Share that is less than the Per Share Merger Consideration
shall be entitled (subject to the provisions of this Section 2.03) to be paid
by the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time,
in exchange for the cancellation of such Option, an amount in cash (subject
to any applicable withholding taxes) equal to the product of (i) the
difference between the Per Share Merger Consideration and the exercise price
of such Option and (ii) the aggregate number of Shares issuable upon exercise
of such Option. Any such payment shall be subject to all applicable federal,
state and local tax withholding requirements. At the Effective Time, Parent
shall wire to an account designated by the Company an amount sufficient to
enable the Surviving Corporation to make the payments required pursuant to
this Section 2.03 and shall cause the Surviving Corporations to make such
payments.   Section 2.04 Exchange of Certificates.   (a) At the Effective
Time of the Merger, each holder of an outstanding certificate or certificates
representing Shares ("Certificates"), upon surrender of the same to Parent
(or delivery of a duly executed affidavit of lost certificate), shall be
entitled to receive from Parent in exchange therefore an amount equal to the
Per Share Merger Consideration multiplied by the number of Shares represented
by the Certificates (the "Merger Payment"). Pending such surrender and
exchange, a holder\'s Certificates shall be deemed for all purposes (other
than the exchange contemplated by this Section 2.04) to evidence such
holder\'s right to receive the Merger Payment. At the Effective Time, Parent
shall make payment to each Stockholder by wire transfer to the account
designated by such Stockholder not later than three (3) Business Days prior
to the Effective Time.   (b) Upon surrender of a Certificate, together
with such documents as may be reasonably requested by Parent, such
Certificate shall forthwith be cancelled.   (c) If any Certificate shall
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed
and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, providing an indemnity against
any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the
Parent will issue in   4    exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate the Merger Payment to which the holders thereof are entitled
pursuant to this Section 2.04.   Section 2.05 Calculation of the Merger
Consideration and the Per Share Merger Consideration. At least three (3)
Business Days prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall provide to
Parent (i) a true and complete schedule setting forth the name, address and
tax identification number of each holder of Shares or Options as well as the
number and type of such securities held by such holder as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time, (ii) a true and complete schedule of the Closing
Date Debt and a calculation pursuant to Exhibit 2.05 hereof showing how the
Closing Date Debt was calculated, certified by the Company\'s chief financial
officer, (iii) a true and complete schedule setting forth the exercise price
of each Option, (iv) a true and complete schedule setting forth the
Company\'s best estimate of the Closing Expenses, (v) a true and complete
schedule setting forth the Per Share Merger Consideration (the "Per Share
Merger Consideration Certificate") to be paid to each Stockholder and (vi)
such additional information as is reasonably requested by Parent in order to
determine the Merger Consideration and the amount to be paid to the
Stockholders.   Section 2.06 Merger Consideration Adjustment.   (a) At
least three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Time, the Company will
deliver to Parent a statement indicating the Company\'s good faith estimate
of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of
the Closing Date (the "Estimated Balance Sheet") and a statement of Working
Capital in the form of Exhibit 2.06(a), indicating the Company\'s good faith
estimate of Working Capital at the Closing Date based on the Estimated
Balance Sheet ("Estimated Working Capital"). The Estimated Balance Sheet
shall be prepared, and Estimated Working Capital shall be calculated,
in accordance with GAAP consistent with the Company\'s past practice and
in accordance with the policies and procedures set forth in Exhibit 2.06(a)
hereto. If the Estimated Working Capital exceeds Targeted Working Capital,
then such excess shall be added to the Merger Consideration (and shall be
reflected in the calculation of Per Share Merger Consideration payable at
Closing) on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the Targeted Working Capital
exceeds Estimated Working Capital, then such excess shall be subtracted from
the Merger Consideration (and shall be reflected in the calculation of Per
Share Merger Consideration payable at Closing) on a dollar-for-dollar basis.
As soon as practicable, but in no event later than 75 days following the
Closing Date, the Surviving Corporation shall prepare a consolidated balance
sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date (the
"Closing Balance Sheet") and a statement of Working Capital in the form of
Exhibit 2.06, which shall set forth a calculation of Working Capital at the
Closing Date based on the Closing Balance Sheet ("Closing Working Capital").
The Closing Balance Sheet shall be prepared, and Closing Working Capital
shall be calculated, in accordance with GAAP consistent with the Company\'s
past practice and in accordance with the policies and procedures set forth in
Exhibit 2.06(a) hereto. The Closing Balance Sheet shall be audited by
Deloitte and Touche, whose   5    expenses shall be borne by the Surviving
Corporation, and who shall also certify as to the calculation of the Working
Capital.   (b) During the preparation of the Closing Balance Sheet and the
calculation of Closing Working Capital (collectively, the "Closing Financial
Data"), and the period of any dispute within the contemplation of
this Section 2.06, the Representative shall reasonably cooperate with Parent
and Parent\'s authorized representatives, including by providing on a timely
basis all information in its possession necessary in preparing the Closing
Financial Data that is not in the possession of the Surviving
Corporation.   (c) Parent shall deliver a copy of the Closing Financial
Data to the Representative promptly after it has been prepared together with
duly executed certificates from each of the Surviving Corporation and
Deloitte and Touche stating that such Closing Financial Data was prepared
in accordance with GAAP consistent with the Company\'s past practice and
in accordance with the policies and procedures set forth in Exhibit 2.06(a).
After receipt of the Closing Financial Data, the Representative shall have 45
days to review the Closing Financial Data, together with the workpapers used
in the preparation thereof, and have its independent auditors, at its
expense, audit the Closing Balance Sheet in accordance with GAAP consistent
with the Company\'s past practice. From and after the Closing Date, Parent
shall cooperate with the Representative and its authorized representatives
(including its auditors) (including providing access to books, records,
facilities and employees of the Surviving Corporation and the workpapers of
the Surviving Corporation and Deloitte and Touche) so that the Representative
and its auditors may review the Closing Financial Data. The Representative
may dispute items reflected in the Closing Financial Data only on the basis
that such amounts were not prepared in conformity with GAAP consistent with
the Company\'s past practice and the accounting policies and procedures set
forth on Exhibit 2.06(a) hereto or were arrived at based on mathematical or
clerical error. Unless the Representative delivers written notice to Parent
on or prior to the 45th day after the Representative\'s receipt of the
Closing Financial Data specifying in reasonable detail the amount, nature and
basis of all disputed items, the Representative shall be deemed to have
accepted and agreed to the calculation of Closing Working Capital. If the
Representative so notifies Parent of its objection to the calculation of
Closing Working Capital, the Representative and Parent shall, within 30 days
(or such longer period as the parties may agree) following such notice (the
"Resolution Period"), attempt to resolve their differences and any resolution
by them as to any disputed amounts shall be final, binding and conclusive.
All amounts that are not in dispute with respect to the calculation of
Closing Working Capital shall be released from the Adjustment Escrow
Account by the Escrow Agent pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, and paid to
the Stockholders and Optionholders in accordance with their Applicable
Percentage.   (d) If, at the conclusion of the Resolution Period, any
amounts remain in dispute, then all amounts remaining in dispute shall
be submitted to KPMG (the "Neutral Auditor"). Each party agrees to execute,
if requested by the Neutral Auditor, a reasonable engagement letter,
including customary indemnities. Parent and the Company shall each pay
the   6    percentage of the amount of the fees and expenses of the
Neutral Auditor equal to (A) the aggregate amount of the disputed matters
submitted to the Neutral Auditor that are not settled in favor of such party
(as finally determined by the Neutral Auditor), divided by (B) the aggregate
amount of all disputed matters submitted to the Neutral Auditor; provided,
that the amount (if any) the Company would be required to pay pursuant to
this sentence shall be paid to the Neutral Auditor from the Adjustment
Escrow. The Neutral Auditor shall act as an arbitrator to determine, based
solely on the provisions of this Section 2.06 and the presentations by Parent
and the Representative, and not by independent review, only those issues
still in dispute and only as to whether such amounts were arrived at in
conformity with this Section 2.06. The Neutral Auditor\'s determination shall
be made within 30 days of their engagement, shall be set forth in a written
statement delivered to Parent and the Representative and shall be final,
binding and conclusive. The term "Final Closing Working Capital" shall mean
the definitive Closing Working Capital agreed to (or deemed to be agreed to)
by Parent and the Representative in accordance with Section 2.06(c) hereof or
the definitive Closing Financial Data resulting from the determinations made
by the Neutral Auditor in accordance with this Section 2.06(d) (in addition
to those items theretofore agreed to by Parent and the Representative).  
(e) (i) If the Final Closing Working Capital exceeds the Estimated Working
Capital then the Merger Consideration shall be increased by the amount by
which the Final Closing Working Capital exceeds the Estimated Working
Capital. In such case, Parent shall promptly pay the Stockholders and the
Optionholders such additional Merger Consideration (the "Additional
Merger Consideration") and each Stockholder and Optionholder shall be
entitled to receive their Applicable Percentage of the Additional Merger
Consideration in cash; provided, however, that in no event shall the amount
of the Additional Merger Consideration payable by Parent hereunder exceed the
Adjustment Escrow Amount.   (ii) If the Estimated Working Capital exceeds
the Final Closing Working Capital, then the Merger Consideration shall be
decreased by the amount by which the Estimated Working Capital exceeds the
Final Closing Working Capital. The amount of such decrease to the Merger
Consideration made pursuant to this Section 2.06(e)(ii) shall be released
from the Adjustment Escrow Account by the Escrow Agent, pursuant to the
Escrow Agreement, and paid to the Parent in cash; provided, however, that in
no event shall such decrease to the Merger Consideration payable hereunder
exceed the Adjustment Escrow Amount.   (f) Upon the completion of the
Merger Consideration adjustment process, the Escrow Agent shall release any
amounts left in the Adjustment Escrow Account to the Stockholders and
Optionholders in accordance with their Applicable Percentage.   Section
2.07 Stock Transfer Books. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of
the Company shall be closed and there shall be no further registration of
transfers of Shares thereafter on the records of the Company. From and after
the Effective Time, the holders   7    of Certificates shall cease to
have any rights with respect to Shares represented by such Certificates,
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or by Law.   Section 2.08
Escrow. On or prior to the Closing, the Representative and Parent shall enter
into the Escrow Agreement. In accordance with the terms of the Escrow
Agreement, at the Effective Time Parent shall deposit by wire transfer the
Adjustment Escrow Amount and the Indemnity Escrow Amount in two separate
accounts to be managed and paid out by the Escrow Agent in accordance with
the terms of the Escrow Agreement and this Agreement.   Section 2.09
Withholding. Parent and the Company shall each be entitled at any time to
deduct and withhold from the Per Share Merger Consideration otherwise payable
to the Stockholders pursuant to this Agreement and from any payments made to
the Optionholders pursuant to Section 2.03 such amounts as Parent and the
Company reasonably determine they are required to deduct and withhold and pay
over to the applicable taxing authorities with respect to the making of such
payment under the Code or any applicable provision of state or local Tax Law.
To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Parent or the Company, Parent
or the Company, as applicable, shall pay over such amounts to the applicable
taxing authorities. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Parent or
the Company and paid over to the applicable Tax Authority, such amounts shall
be treated for all purposes as having been paid to the Stockholder or holder
of Options, as applicable, in respect of whose consideration such deduction
or withholding was made.   Section 2.10 Dissenting Shares.   (a)
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary and to the
extent available under the DGCL, Shares that are outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time and that are held by Stockholders who shall have
neither voted in favor of the Merger nor consented thereto in writing and who
shall have demanded properly in writing appraisal for such Shares in
accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL (collectively, the "Dissenting
Shares") shall not be converted into, or represent the right to receive, the
Per Share Merger Consideration. Such Stockholders shall be entitled to
receive payment of the appraised value of such Shares held by them
in accordance with the provisions of such Section 262, except that all
Dissenting Shares held by Stockholders who shall have failed to perfect or
who effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal of
such Shares under such Section 262 shall thereupon be deemed to have been
converted into, and to have become exchangeable for, as of the Effective
Time, the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, without any
interest thereon, upon surrender, in the manner provided in Section 2.04, of
the certificate or certificates that formerly evidenced such Shares.   (b)
The Company shall give Parent timely notice of any demands for appraisal
received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any other
instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company.  
8     ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   As
an inducement to Parent and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, the
Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that, except
as set forth in the company disclosure schedule which has been prepared by
the Company and delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub prior to
the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Company
Disclosure Schedule"):   Section 3.01 Organization and Qualification of the
Company. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the requisite
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted. The Company is duly
qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in good
standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned,
leased or operated by it or the nature of its business makes such
qualification or licensing necessary except such jurisdictions, if any, in
which the failure to be in good standing or be so qualified or licensed would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.01 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all
jurisdictions in which the Company is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign
corporation to do business.   Section 3.02 Subsidiaries.   (a) Section
3.02(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete
list of all Subsidiaries, listing for each Subsidiary its name, type of
entity, the jurisdiction and date of its incorporation or organization, its
authorized capital stock, partnership capital or equivalent, the number and
type of its issued and outstanding shares of capital stock, partnership
interests or similar ownership interests and the current ownership of the
Company and each other Person of such shares, partnership interests or
similar ownership interests. The Company does not directly or indirectly own
any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for any equity or similar interest in, any Person
other than the Subsidiaries.   (b) Each Subsidiary that is a corporation:
(i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, (ii) has all necessary
power and authority to own, operate or lease the properties and assets owned,
operated or leased by such Subsidiary and to carry on its business as it is
currently conducted by such Subsidiary and (iii) is duly licensed or
qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the properties owned or leased by it or the operation of its business
makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except such jurisdictions,
if any, in which the failure to be in good standing or be so qualified or
licensed would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Each Subsidiary that is not   9    a corporation: (i) is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
organization, (ii) has all necessary power and authority to own, operate or
lease the properties and assets owned, operated or leased by such Subsidiary
and to carry on its business as it has been and is currently conducted by
such Subsidiary and (iii) is duly licensed or qualified to do business and is
in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the properties owned or leased
by it or the operation of its business makes such licensing or qualification
necessary, except such jurisdictions, if any, in which the failure to be in
good standing or be so qualified or licensed would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) True and complete copies of the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or similar organizational
documents), in each case as in effect on the date hereof, of each Subsidiary
have been delivered by the Company to Parent.   Section 3.03 Certificate of
Incorporation and By-Laws. The Company has heretofore furnished to Parent a
complete and correct copy of the Certificate of Incorporation and the By-Laws
or equivalent organizational documents, each as amended to date, of the
Company (collectively, the "Organizational Documents"). Such Organizational
Documents are in full force and effect.   Section 3.04 Capitalization.  
(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 50,000,000 shares
of Company Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, (i) 42,710,291
Shares are issued and outstanding, (ii) there are no Shares held in the
treasury of the Company and (iii) 4,200,000 Shares are reserved for future
issuance pursuant to Options granted pursuant to the Company Stock Option
Plan. Except as set forth in Section 3.04(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or as provided in the Stockholders\' Agreement, the Company Stock
Option Plan and any awards agreements thereunder, there are no
options, warrants or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of
any character relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of the Company
or obligating the Company to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or
other equity interests in, the Company.   (b) As of the date hereof, there
are outstanding Options exercisable for an aggregate of 2,725,000 Shares. All
Shares subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and
conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable,
will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.  
(c) Section 3.04(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the
following information with respect to each holder of shares of capital stock
of the Company outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the name and
address of such holder of record on the stock books of the Company and (ii)
the number of and type of shares held.   10     (d) Section 3.04(d) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the following information with
respect to each Option outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the
name and address of the optionee of record on the stock books of the Company,
(ii) the particular plan pursuant to which such Option was granted, (iii) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Option, (iv) the
exercise price of such Option and (v) the date on which such Option was
granted. The Company has made available to Parent accurate and complete
copies of the Company Stock Option Plan pursuant to which the Company has
granted such Options that are currently outstanding and the form of the stock
option agreements evidencing such Options.   (e) Except as set forth on
Section 3.04(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, or as provided in the
Stockholders\' Agreement or pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plan, there
are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any capital stock of the Company or to provide
funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution
or otherwise) in, any other Person. Except for the Stockholders\' Agreement,
the Company Stock Option Plan and any awards agreements thereunder, neither
the Company nor GFI is a party to any stockholders, voting or other agreement
with respect to the Shares. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company and all outstanding Options have been issued and granted in
compliance in all material respects with (i) all applicable securities laws
and other applicable material Laws (as defined below) and (ii) all material
requirements set forth in applicable contracts.   (f) Each Share and Option
has been duly authorized and validly issued. GFI is the record owner of
42,660,291 Shares, free and clear of any and all Encumbrances other than
Encumbrances under this Agreement and restrictions on transfer under
applicable Law.   Section 3.05 Authority Relative to This Agreement. Each of
GFI and the Company has all necessary power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement by GFI and the Company and the consummation by GFI and the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary action, and no other proceedings on the part of
GFI or the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby (other than, with respect to the Merger,
the filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the
DGCL). The requisite Stockholders have duly approved and adopted this
Agreement in accordance with the DGCL. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by GFI or the Company and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of GFI and the Company, enforceable
against GFI and the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to laws of
general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other
terms relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general
principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in law or equity.   11     Section 3.06 No Conflict; Required Filings
and Consents. Except as set forth on Section 3.06(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule,   (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by GFI and the Company do not, and the performance of this Agreement by GFI
and the Company will not, (i) conflict with or violate the Organizational
Documents of GFI and the Company, (ii) assuming that all consents, approvals,
authorizations and other actions described in Section 3.06(b) have been
obtained and all filings and obligations described in Section 3.06(b) have
been made, conflict with or violate in any material respect any United States
or non-United States statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code,
executive order, injunction, judgment, decree or other order ("Law")
applicable to GFI and the Company or by which any property or asset of the
Company is bound or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute
a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
become a default) under, or give to others any right of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a
lien or other encumbrance on any property or asset of the Company pursuant
to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license,
permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation, except, in the case of
clause (ii), such conflicts or violations, and in the case of clause (iii),
such breaches, defaults rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, or
cancellation or creations of liens or encumbrances as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or with respect to any
Material Contracts with customers of the Company, would not result in any
material breach of, or constitute a material default under, or give rise to a
right to terminate or materially amend, such Material Contracts.   (b) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by GFI and the Company do not, and
the performance of this Agreement by GFI and the Company will not, require
any material consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or
notification to, any United States federal, state, county or local or non-
United States government, governmental, regulatory or administrative
authority, agency, instrumentality or commission or any court, tribunal, or
judicial or arbitral body (a "Governmental Authority"), except pursuant to
applicable requirements, if any, of (i) the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder (the "HSR Act") and (ii) filing and recordation of
appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL.   Section 3.07
Licenses and Permits. Except as set forth in Section 3.07 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, holds or
possesses all licenses, consents, franchises, permits, approvals and other
orders or authorizations of, or registrations, declarations, notices or
filings with (collectively, "Permits"), any Governmental Authority and any
other Person necessary to own or lease, operate and use its assets and
properties and to carry on and conduct its business and operations as
presently conducted and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is in violation of or default under any Permit or   12    any judgment,
order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or administrative agency
issued against it or any law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable
to it.   Section 3.08 Compliance with Law and Notices of Violation. Except
as set forth in Section 3.08 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
since September 1, 2001, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has
complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws of any
Governmental Authority material to them, and no material action, suit,
proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, demand, or
notice ("Action") has been filed or commenced against it or any of them
alleging any failure so to comply. Except as set forth in Section 3.08 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, since September 1, 2001, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice of a material violation
of any Law of any Governmental Authority material to them and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, no investigation or review by any Governmental
Authority with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which would
be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is pending or
threatened, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, has any Governmental
Authority indicated in writing an intention to conduct any such investigation
or review.   Section 3.09 Financial Information; Books and
Records; Undisclosed Liabilities.   (a) True and complete copies of (i) the
audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company for the stub period ended
as of December 31, 2001 and the fiscal year ended as of December 31, 2002,
and the related audited consolidated statements of income and cashflows,
together with all related notes and schedules thereto, accompanied by the
reports thereon of the Company\'s Accountants (collectively referred to
herein as the "Financial Statements") and (ii) the unaudited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2003, and the related
consolidated statements of income and cashflows, of the Company (collectively
referred to herein as the "Interim Financial Statements") have been delivered
by the Company to Parent. The Financial Statements and the Interim Financial
Statements: (i) were prepared in accordance with the books of account and
other financial records of the Company, (ii) present fairly in all material
respects the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates
thereof and the income and cashflows for the periods involved (subject, in
the case of the Interim Financial Statements, to normal and recurring year-
end adjustments which, except as set forth in Section 3.09(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, are not expected to be material), and (iii) have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the
past practices of the Company (except, with respect to the Interim Financial
Statements, the absence of notes and normal and recurring year-end
adjustments which, except as set forth in Section 3.09(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, are not expected to be material).   (b) There are no
material Liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries other than
Liabilities (i) reflected or reserved against on the unaudited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company dated September 30, 2003, (ii) set forth in
Section 3.09(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (iii) incurred since
September 30, 2003 in the ordinary course of business,  
13    consistent with past practice, or (iv) not required to be reflected
in the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP.   Section 3.10 Absence
of Certain Changes or Events. Since September 30, 2003 through the date of
this Agreement, except as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, or as expressly contemplated by this Agreement (a) the Company and
the Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses only in the ordinary course
and in a manner consistent with past practice and (b) there has not been any
Material Adverse Effect and (c) the Company has not taken any action that, if
taken after the date of this Agreement, would constitute a breach of the
covenants set forth in Section 5.01(c), (e), (f), (h) and (i).   Section
3.11 Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth in Section 3.11(i) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no Action (i) seeking monetary damages
in excess of $150,000 or (ii) seeking equitable or injunctive relief, in each
case, pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the
Company or any Subsidiary, or any property or asset of the Company or any
Subsidiary, before any Governmental Authority. Except as set forth in Section
3.11(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company, the
Subsidiaries or any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is
subject to any material continuing order of, consent decree, settlement
agreement or other similar material written agreement with any Governmental
Authority. None of the items set forth on Section 3.11(ii) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule would prevent or materially delay consummation of the
Merger or otherwise prevent or materially delay GFI and the Company
from performing their respective obligations under this Agreement or would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of
the Company, except as set forth in Section 3.11(iii) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and except for claims asserted in amounts less than the
deductible under the applicable insurance policy, as of the date hereof, (i)
no claim submitted by the Company or any Subsidiary for insurance coverage
with respect to any Action listed in Section 3.11(i) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule has been denied and (ii) coverage has not been exhausted
under any of the insurance policies listed in Section 3.22 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule.   Section 3.12 Employee Benefit Plans.   (a) Section
3.12(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all employee benefit
plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) and all bonus, stock option, stock
purchase, restricted stock, incentive, deferred compensation, retiree medical
or life insurance, supplemental retirement, severance or other benefit plans,
programs or arrangements, and all employment, termination, severance or other
contracts or agreements to which the Company is a party, with respect to
which the Company has any obligation or which are maintained, contributed to
or sponsored by the Company for the benefit of any current or former
employee, officer, consultant, or director of the Company (collectively, the
"Plans"). Except as set forth in Section 3.12(a)(ii) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, each Plan is in writing and the Company has made  
14    available to Parent a true and complete copy of each Plan and has
delivered to Parent, with respect to each Plan, a true and complete copy of
(as applicable), (i) each trust agreement or other funding arrangement, (ii)
the most recent summary plan description and any summary of material
modifications issued with respect to such summary plan description, (iii) the
three most recently filed annual reports on IRS Form 5500, (iv) the most
recently received IRS determination letter for each such Plan, and (v) the
most recently prepared actuarial report and financial statement in connection
with each such Plan. Except as provided for in this Agreement, the Company
does not have any express commitment (i) to create, incur liability with
respect to or cause to exist any other material Plan, (ii) to enter into any
contract or agreement to provide compensation or benefits to any individual
for an amount greater than $50,000 per year, or (iii) to modify, change or
terminate any Plan in a manner that would materially increase the benefits
provided under such Plan or the costs of maintaining such Plan, other than
with respect to a modification, change or termination required by applicable
Law.   (b) Except as disclosed in Section 3.12(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company has not at any time maintained, sponsored or
contributed to a plan that is (i) a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of
Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) or (ii) a single employer pension plan
(within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) that is subject to Title
IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code. No liability under Title IV of ERISA
has been incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that has not been
satisfied in full, and no condition exists that presents a material risk to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries incurring any liability under such
Title.   (c) Except as disclosed in Section 3.12(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, none of the Plans (i) provides for the payment
of separation, severance, termination or similar type benefits to any person
or (ii) obligates the Company to pay separation, severance, termination or
similar type benefits solely or partially as a result of any transaction
contemplated by this Agreement or as a result of a "change in control" within
the meaning of such term under Section 280G of the Code. None of the Plans
provides for or promises retiree medical, disability or life insurance
benefits to any current or former employee, officer or director of the
Company. None of the Plans provides benefits to persons other than residents
of the United States.   (d) None of the Company, its parent, any of
its Subsidiaries, any of the Plans, any trust created thereunder, nor to
the Knowledge of the Company, any trustee or administrator thereof has
engaged in a transaction or has taken or failed to take any action in
connection with which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would reasonably
be subject to any material liability for either a civil penalty assessed
pursuant to Section 409 or 502(i) of ERISA or a tax imposed pursuant to
Section 4975, 4976 or 4980B of the Code.   (e) Each Plan has been operated
in all material respects in accordance with its terms and the requirements of
all applicable Laws including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code. No
Action is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened with  
15    respect to any Plan (other than claims for benefits in the ordinary
course) and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no fact or event exists that
would reasonably give rise to any such Action.   (f) All contributions,
premiums or payments required to be made with respect to any Plan have in all
material respects been made (or will be made) on or before their due dates.
All such contributions have been fully deducted for income tax purposes and
no such deduction has been challenged or disallowed by any Governmental
Authority and no fact or event exists which would reasonably be expected to
give rise to any such challenge or disallowance.   (g) Each Plan that is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code or Section 401(k)
of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS that
considers Plan provisions required by the "GUST" Amendments, indicating that
the Plan is so qualified and that the associated trust established in
connection with such Plan is exempt from federal income taxation under
Section 501(a) of the Code and no fact or event has occurred since the date
of such determination letter or letters from the IRS that would reasonably be
expected to have an adverse effect on the qualified status of any such Plan
or the exempt status of any such trust.   (h) Section 3.12(h) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule set forth all current consultants, officers and employees
of the Company and each Subsidiary who have entered into a written obligation
with the Company or a Subsidiary to maintain in confidence all confidential
or proprietary information (as defined in such agreements) acquired by them
in the course of their employment and to assign to the Company or a
Subsidiary all inventions made by them within the scope of their employment
during such employment.   (i) The Company and its Subsidiaries are
in compliance with the requirements of the Workers Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act and any similar state or local law ("WARN") and,
to the Knowledge of the Company, have no liabilities pursuant to WARN.  
Section 3.13 Labor and Employment Matters.   (a) Except as set forth in
Section 3.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) there are no material
controversies pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in
writing between the Company or the Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any of
their respective employees or consultants, on the other hand, and the Company
and the Subsidiaries have not experienced any controversy, strike, slowdown
or work stoppage within the past three years, (ii) neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or
other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, are there any
activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any such employees
(iii) there are no unfair labor practice complaints pending against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries before the National Labor  
16    Relations Board or any other Governmental Authority or any current
portion under representations and questions involving employees of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (b) Except as set forth in Section
3.13(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (i) the Company and each
Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws
relating to the employment of labor, including those related to wages, hours,
collective bargaining and the payment and withholding of taxes and other sums
as required by the appropriate Governmental Authority and have withheld and
paid in all material respects to the appropriate Governmental Authority or
are holding for payment not yet due to such Governmental Authority all
amounts required to be withheld from employees of the Company and each
Subsidiary and are not liable for any arrears of wages, taxes, penalties or
other sums for failure to comply with any of the foregoing, (ii) the Company
and each Subsidiary has paid in full to all employees or adequately accrued
for in accordance with GAAP consistently applied all wages, salaries,
commissions, bonuses, benefits and other compensation due to or on behalf of
such employees and there is no claim with respect to payment of wages, salary
or overtime pay that has been asserted or is now pending or, to the Knowledge
of the Company, threatened before any Governmental Authority with respect to
any persons currently or formerly employed by the Company and
each Subsidiary, (iii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to,
or otherwise bound by, any consent decree with, or citation by, any
Governmental Authority relating to employees or employment practices, (iv)
there is no charge or proceeding with respect to a violation of any
occupational safety or health standards that has been asserted or is now
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing with
respect to the Company or any Subsidiary and (v) there is no charge of
discrimination in employment or employment practices respecting any current
or former employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, for any reason,
including, without limitation, age, gender, race, religion or other legally
protected category, which has been asserted or is now pending or, to
the Knowledge of the Company, threatened before the United States Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other Governmental Authority in any
jurisdiction in which the Company or any Subsidiary has employed or employ
any person.   Section 3.14 Key Employees. Section 3.14 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule lists as of October 31, 2003, the name, title,
place of employment, the current annual salary rates, bonuses earned,
deferred compensation (other than with respect to deferred salary or bonus or
with respect to Plans intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the
Code), accrued vacation, and the date of employment of each current salaried
employee of the Company and each Subsidiary whose salary in fiscal year 2003
is expected to exceed $125,000.   Section 3.15 Real Property.   (a)
Section 3.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each parcel of real
property currently owned by the Company or any Subsidiary. Each parcel of
real property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary (i) is owned free and
clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests, conditional and
installment sale agreements, encumbrances,   17    charges or other
claims of third parties of any kind, including, without limitation, any
easement, right of way or other encumbrance to title, or any option, right of
first refusal, or right of first offer (collectively, "Liens"), other than
(A) Liens for current taxes and assessments not yet past due, (B) inchoate
mechanics\' and materialmen\'s Liens for construction in progress,
(C) workmen\'s, repairmen\'s, warehousemen\'s and carriers\' Liens arising in
the ordinary course of business of the Company or such Subsidiary consistent
with past practice, and (D) all matters of record, Liens and other
imperfections of title and encumbrances that would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, "Permitted Liens") and (ii)
is neither subject to any governmental decree or order to be sold nor is
being condemned, expropriated or otherwise taken by any public authority with
or without payment of compensation therefore, nor, to the Knowledge of the
Company, has any such condemnation, expropriation or taking been
proposed.   (b) Section 3.15(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a list of each parcel of real property currently leased or subleased,
with a remaining term of at least 24 months or a monthly rental rate greater
than $5,000, by the Company or any Subsidiary, with the name of the lessor
and the date of the lease, sublease, assignment of the lease, any guaranty
given by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection therewith and
each amendment to any of the foregoing (collectively, the "Lease Documents").
True, correct and complete copies of all Lease Documents have been delivered
or made available to Parent. All such current leases and subleases are in
full force and effect, are valid and effective in accordance with their
respective terms, and there is not, under any of such leases, any existing
material default or event of default (or event which, with notice or lapse of
time, or both, would constitute a default) thereunder by the Company or any
Subsidiary or, to the Knowledge of the Company, by the other party to such
lease or sublease, or person in the chain of title to such leased premises,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (c) To the Knowledge of the Company, (i) the use and occupancy by
the Company or any Subsidiary (and the conduct of its business thereon) of
any of its owned or leased real property does not violate any applicable
material contractual or legal restrictions affecting such real property and
(ii) the real property (including any improvements thereon) owned or leased
by the Company or any Subsidiary is in reasonably good operating condition
and repair.   Section 3.16 Intellectual Property.   (a) Section 3.16(a) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of (other
than off-the-shelf commercial software) all Company IP Agreements.   (b)
Except to the extent set forth in Section 3.16(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company, the operation of the business as
currently conducted by the Company or any Subsidiary and the use of the Owned
Intellectual Property and Licensed Intellectual Property in connection
therewith do not conflict with,   18    infringe, misappropriate or
otherwise in any material respect violate the Intellectual Property or other
proprietary rights, including rights of privacy, publicity and endorsement,
of any third party.   (c) Except as disclosed in Section 3.16(c) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is
the exclusive owner of the Owned Intellectual Property free and clear of all
liens, claims or encumbrances of others. The Company or one of its
Subsidiaries has a valid right to use the Owned Intellectual Property and, to
the Knowledge of the Company, has a valid right and license to use the
Licensed Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of its business as
presently conducted.   (d) Except as disclosed in Section 3.16(d) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule and with respect to any off-the-shelf
commercial software to which the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has a
license, no Owned Intellectual Property, to the Knowledge of the Company, or
Licensed Intellectual Property is subject to any outstanding decree, order,
injunction, judgment or ruling restricting the use of such Intellectual
Property by the Company or its Subsidiaries.   (e) Except for off-the-shelf
commercial software, (i) the Owned Intellectual Property and the Licensed
Intellectual Property include all of the Intellectual Property used in the
ordinary day-to-day conduct of the Company\'s business, and (ii) there are no
other items of Intellectual Property of the Company that are material to the
ordinary day-to-day conduct of such businesses. The Owned Intellectual
Property, and to the Knowledge of the Company, the Licensed Intellectual
Property, have not been adjudged invalid or unenforceable in whole or part by
a court of competent jurisdiction.   (f) Except as disclosed on Section
3.16(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) no Actions or claims have
been asserted or are pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (A) based upon or challenging
or seeking to deny or restrict the use by the Company or one of its
Subsidiaries of any of the Owned Intellectual Property other than any use
restrictions set forth in the Company IP Agreements, or (B) alleging that the
Licensed Intellectual Property is being licensed or sublicensed, by the
Company or any Subsidiary, in conflict with the terms of any license or other
agreement.   (g) To the Knowledge of the Company, no person is engaging in
any activity that infringes the Owned Intellectual Property or Licensed
Intellectual Property. Except as set forth in Section 3.16(g) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has granted any
license or other right to any third party with respect to the
Owned Intellectual Property or Licensed Intellectual Property. The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
result in the termination or impairment of any of the material Owned
Intellectual Property or of any material Licensed Intellectual Property.  
19     (h) The Company and each Subsidiary has taken reasonable steps in
accordance with normal industry practice to maintain the confidentiality of
the trade secrets and other confidential Intellectual Property used in
connection with their respective businesses. Except as disclosed on Section
3.16(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company,
(i) there has been no misappropriation of any material trade secrets or other
material confidential Intellectual Property used in connection with the
business of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries by any person, (ii) no
employee, independent contractor or agent of the Company or one of its
Subsidiaries has misappropriated any trade secrets of any other person in the
course of their performance as an employee, independent contractor or
agent of their respective businesses and (iii) no employee, independent
contractor or agent of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is in default
or breach of any term of any employment agreement, nondisclosure agreement,
assignment of invention agreement or similar agreement or contract relating
in any way to the protection, ownership, development, use or transfer of
Intellectual Property.   (i) Except with respect to the Company IP
Agreements set forth on Section 3.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to pay any
royalty payments or licensing fees to a third party (except with respect to
off-the-shelf commercial software) or owes any past due royalty payments or
licensing fees to a third party.   Section 3.17 Taxes.   (a) Except as
set forth in Section 3.17(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company
and the Subsidiaries (i) have timely filed or caused to be timely filed all
material Tax Returns required to be filed as of the date hereof, and all such
filed Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects;
(ii) except for Taxes being contested in good faith in appropriate
proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been maintained in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, have paid all material amounts of Taxes required
to be paid (whether or not shown on such Tax Returns); and (iii) have not
waived any statute of limitations with respect to any Tax or agreed to
an extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency. Except
as set forth in Section 3.17(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all
material amounts of Taxes required to have been withheld by or with respect
to the Company and the Subsidiaries have been withheld and remitted to the
applicable Tax Authority.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.17(b) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
(i) at any time, been a member of any affiliated, consolidated, combined or
unitary group of corporations other than the affiliated group (within the
meaning of Section 1504(a)(1) of the Code) for which the Company files a
consolidated return as the common parent or (ii) any liability for Taxes of
any other Person (A) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any
similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law), (B) as a transferee or
successor, (C) by contract or (D) otherwise. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is subject to any agreement for the sharing of Taxes or is
obligated   20    to indemnify any other Person for Taxes pursuant to
any agreement, which agreement will remain in effect after the Closing
Date.   (c) Except as set forth in Section 3.17(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, there are no pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing, audits,
examinations, investigations or other proceedings in respect of any Tax
matter of the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Section
3.17(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no deficiency for any Tax has
been asserted or assessed by any taxing authority against the Company or any
Subsidiary, which deficiency has not been satisfied by payment or been
withdrawn. No claim in writing has been made by a taxing authority in a
jurisdiction where the Company or any Subsidiary does not file Tax Returns
that the Company or such Subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by such
jurisdiction. No power of attorney has been granted with respect to any
matter relating to Taxes that could affect the Company or any Subsidiary in
any taxable period ending after the Closing Date.   (d) Except as set forth
in Section 3.17(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no Tax liens
on any assets of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than any liens for
Taxes not yet due and payable or for which adequate reserves have been
maintained in accordance with U.S. GAAP). Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has been required to recognize income as a result of any
adjustment following a change in accounting method initiated by the Company
or such Subsidiary, and no taxing authority has in writing initiated or
proposed any such adjustment or change in accounting method. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is required to include in a taxable period
ending after the Closing Date any amount of taxable income attributable to
income that economically accrued in a prior taxable period but was not
recognized for Tax purposes in any prior taxable period, including as a
result of the installment method of accounting, the long-term contract method
of accounting, the cash method of accounting or Section 481 of the Code (or
any comparable provision of state or local Tax Law) or for any other reason.
The federal income Tax Returns of the Company and the Subsidiaries have
disclosed any Tax positions of the Company and the Subsidiaries that, if not
disclosed, could give rise to penalties under Section 6662 of the Code.  
(e) At all times prior to its acquisition by the Company, UtiliQuest LLC was
treated as a partnership for federal, state and local Tax purposes, and at
all times since its acquisition by the Company, UtiliQuest LLC has been
treated as a disregarded entity for federal, state and local Tax
purposes.   (f) Section 3.17(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
indicates for which jurisdictions Tax Returns that include the Company and
any Subsidiary have been filed on a consolidated, combined, affiliated
or unitary group basis and indicates the most recent income, franchise or
similar Tax Return for each relevant jurisdiction for which an audit has been
completed.   21     Section 3.18 Environmental Matters.   (a) Except
as described in Section 3.18(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
Company and the Subsidiaries have not violated or are not in violation of any
Environmental Law, (ii) none of the properties currently or, to the Knowledge
of the Company, formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company and the
Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, soils and surface and ground
waters) are contaminated with any Hazardous Substance in a manner requiring
investigation, remediation or other action pursuant to Environmental Law,
(iii) there are no pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
claims against the Company for actual, potential or alleged liability for any
off-site contamination by Hazardous Substances, (iv) to the Knowledge of the
Company, the Company and the Subsidiaries are not actually, potentially or
allegedly liable under any Environmental Law (including, without limitation,
pending or threatened liens), (v) the Company has all permits, licenses and
other authorizations required under any Environmental Law ("Environmental
Permits"), (vi) the Company and the Subsidiaries are and have always been, in
compliance with their Environmental Permits and (vii) to the Knowledge of the
Company, neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby will require any investigation, remediation
or other action with respect to Hazardous Substances or any notice to or
consent of Governmental Authorities or third parties pursuant to any
applicable Environmental Law or Environmental Permit.   (b) The Company has
provided or made available to Parent copies of any Phase I environmental site
assessments, environmental compliance audits, and other similar reports in
the Company\'s possession addressing the Company\'s or any of its
Subsidiaries\' business or operations, or any Owned Real Property or Leased
Real Property, that have been conducted in the past two years.   Section
3.19 Accounts Receivable. Schedule 3.19 is an aged list of the Accounts
Receivable as of the date hereof showing separately those Accounts Receivable
that as of October 31, 2003 have been outstanding for (a) 30 days or less,
(b) 31 to 60 days, (c) 61 to 90 days and more than 90 days. All Accounts
Receivable (a) are valid and genuine and (b) arose out of bona fide sales and
deliveries of goods, performance of services or other transactions in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.   Section 3.20
Inventories. All Inventory used in the business (a) was acquired and has been
maintained in accordance with regular business practices of the Company, (b)
consists of items of a quality and quantity useable or saleable in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (c) is valued
at the lower of cost or market value taking into account the Company\'s
allowance for excess and obsolete inventory. The Inventory is in good and
merchantable condition in all material respects, is suitable and useable for
the purposes for which it is intended and is in a condition such that it can
be sold in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.  
22     Section 3.21 Material Contracts.   (a) Subsections (i) through
(vii) of Section 3.21 of the Company Disclosure Schedule contain a list of
the contracts and agreements to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a
party that meet the criteria enumerated below (such contracts, agreements and
arrangements (whether written or oral) as are required to be set forth in
Section 3.21(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule being the "Material
Contracts"):   (i) each contract and agreement which  provides for annual
aggregate payments to or by the Company or its  Subsidiaries of more than
$1,000,000;   (ii) all management contracts (excluding  contracts for
employment) and contracts with consultants including any  contracts involving
the payment of royalties or other amounts  calculated based upon the revenues
or income of the Company or the  Subsidiaries to which the Company or the
Subsidiaries are a party that  are not terminable by the Company or the
Subsidiaries on thirty (30)  days\' or less notice and which involve an
annual payment of more than  $125,000;   (iii) all contracts and
agreements  evidencing Indebtedness except for capital leases for office
equipment  in an amount less than $20,000;   (iv) all material contracts
and agreements  with any Governmental Authority to which the Company or the 
Subsidiaries is a party;   (v) all contracts and agreements that limit,  or
purport to limit, the ability of the Company or the Subsidiaries to  compete
in any line of business or with any Person or in any geographic  area or
during any period of time;   (vi) all contracts or arrangements that 
result in any Person holding a power of attorney from the Company that 
relates to the Company or its business; and   (vii) the Lease Documents.  
(b) (i) Each Material Contract is a legal, valid and binding agreement of the
Company and to the Knowledge of the Company, the other parties thereto, (ii)
to the Knowledge of the Company, no Material Contract has been canceled by
any other party thereto, (iii) neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries are
in material default under any Material Contract to which they are a party,
(iv) to the Knowledge of the Company, no other party is in material  
23    breach or violation of, or material default under, any Material
Contract, (v) neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries are in receipt of any
written claim of a material default under any such Material Contract and (vi)
neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation of any
transaction contemplated by this Agreement shall constitute a material
default or give rise to cancellation rights under any Material Contract. The
Company has furnished or made available to Parent true and complete copies of
all written Material Contracts, including any amendments thereto.   Section
3.22 Insurance.   (a) Section 3.22(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
sets forth, with respect to each material insurance policy under which the
Company or any Subsidiary is an insured, a named insured or otherwise
the principal beneficiary of coverage, (i) the names of the insurer, the
principal insured and each named insured, (ii) the policy number, (iii) the
period, scope and amount of coverage and (iv) the premium charged.   (b)
With respect to each current material insurance policy: (i) such policy is in
full force and effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
material breach or default (including any such breach or default with respect
to the payment of premiums or the giving of notice) and (iii) no event has
occurred which, with notice or the lapse of time, would constitute such a
material breach or default, or permit termination or modification, under the
policy.   Section 3.23 Related Party Transactions. Except for
the Stockholders\' Agreement or as set forth in Section 3.23 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no contracts, commitments,
agreements, arrangements or other transactions (other than employment
agreements, consulting agreements, option agreements, confidentiality
agreements, noncompetition agreements, severance agreements, release
agreements, or any Plan set forth on Section 3.12(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule) between the Company and any Subsidiary, on the one hand,
and any (i) officer, director, employee or consultant of the Company and any
Subsidiary, (ii) holder of Shares or Options or (iii) an Affiliate of any
such officer, director, employee, consultant or security holder, on the other
hand (any of the foregoing, a "Related Party Transaction"). Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has made any loans to any of its respective
officers, directors, employees or consultants except for advances of expenses
in the ordinary course of business.   Section 3.24 Board Approval; Vote
Required.   (a) The Company board of directors, by resolutions duly adopted
and not subsequently rescinded or modified, has duly (i) determined that this
Agreement and the Merger are in the best interests of the Company and its
Stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement and the Merger and declared
their advisability, (iii) recommended that the stockholders of the Company
approve and adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and (iv) directed
that this   24    Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby be
submitted for consideration by the Company\'s stockholders entitled to vote
thereon.   (b) The only vote of the holders of any class or series of
capital stock of the Company necessary to approve this Agreement, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby is the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock. The Stockholders have approved and adopted the Merger, this
Agreement, and the other transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 3.25
Title to Assets.   (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.25 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and
marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, the
material properties and assets used by it, or shown on the balance sheet of
the Company as of September 30, 2003 or acquired after the date thereof, free
and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Liens and Encumbrances
securing Indebtedness that will not be prepaid as of the Closing Date, except
for properties and assets disposed of in the ordinary course of business
since the date of the balance sheet. Except as set forth in Section 3.25 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule and except as entered into in the ordinary
course of business, there are no outstanding options, warrants, commitments,
agreements or any other rights of any character, entitling any person other
than as contemplated in this Agreement to acquire any material interest in
all, or any substantial part of, such assets.   (b) The buildings,
machinery, equipment and other tangible assets constituting the assets that
the Company and its Subsidiaries own, lease and use in the conduct of their
business, are, taken as a whole, in good operating condition and repair
(subject to normal wear and tear) and are adequate for the uses to which they
are being put. These assets constitute all the material assets of the
business and material rights necessary to operate the business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted.   Section 3.26 Customers.
Section 3.26 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and
accurate list of the top fourteen customers of the Company and its
Subsidiaries by revenue on a consolidated basis during fiscal 2002 and for
the nine months ended September 30, 2003 showing approximate total revenue
received in each such period from each such customer. Except as set forth in
Section 3.26 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, to
the Knowledge of the Company, none of such customers within the last twelve
months has cancelled, terminated or threatened in writing to cancel
any Material Contract.   Section 3.27 Brokers. No broker, finder or
investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.   25     Section 3.28
No Other Representations or Warranties. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN
THIS ARTICLE III, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY OF ITS STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERS
OR DIRECTORS IS MAKING, AND EACH OF THEM HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, ANY
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.   ARTICLE IV  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   As an inducement
to GFI and the Company to enter into this Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub
hereby, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to GFI and the Company
that:   Section 4.01 Corporate Organization. Each of Parent and Merger Sub
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation and has the
requisite corporate power and authority and all necessary governmental
approvals to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted.   Section 4.02 Authority Relative to
This Agreement. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Escrow
Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, as applicable, by
Parent and Merger Sub and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize
this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby (other than, with respect to the Merger, the
filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the
DGCL). This Agreement and the Escrow Agreement have been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub, and, assuming
due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties thereto,
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of each of Parent and Merger
Sub, enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its
terms.   Section 4.03 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.   (a)
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement by
Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the performance of this Agreement and the
Escrow Agreement, by Parent and Merger Sub will not, (i) conflict with or
violate the Organizational Documents of either Parent or Merger Sub, (ii)
assuming that all consents, approvals, authorizations and other actions
described in Section 4.03(b) have been obtained and   26    all filings
and obligations described in Section 4.03(b) have been made, conflict with or
violate any law, applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or by which any property
or asset of either of them is bound or affected, or (iii) result in any
breach of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result
in the creation of a lien or other encumbrance on any property or asset of
Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or
obligation to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party or by which Parent or
Merger Sub or any property or asset of either of them is bound or affected,
except, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii), for any such conflicts,
violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which would not prevent
or materially delay consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the Escrow Agreement or otherwise prevent or materially delay
Parent or Merger Sub from performing their obligations under this Agreement
or the Escrow Agreement.   (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the Escrow Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the performance
of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub will
not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing
with or notification to, any Governmental Authority, except for applicable
requirements, if any, of (i) the HSR Act and (ii) filing and recordation of
the appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL.   Section 4.04 No
Vote Required. No vote of the stockholders of Parent is required by Law,
Parent\'s Organizational Documents or otherwise in order for Parent and
Merger Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section
4.05 Operations of Merger Sub. Merger Sub is a direct, wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent, was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, has engaged in no other business
activities and has conducted its operations only as contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 4.06 Financing. As of the date hereof, Parent
has funds, or has access to committed bank funds, in amounts sufficient to
pay the Merger Consideration, and shall have at Closing, sufficient funds to
cause the Surviving Corporation to pay the Merger Consideration in connection
with the Merger Agreement and consummate the Merger.   Section 4.07
Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage,
finder\'s or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent or
Merger Sub.   27     ARTICLE V   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE
MERGER   Section 5.01 Conduct of Business by the Company Pending
the Merger. The Company agrees that, between the date of this Agreement and
the Effective Time, except as set forth in Section 5.01 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or as expressly contemplated by any other provision of
this Agreement, unless Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed):   (i) the business
of the Company shall be  conducted only in, and the Company shall not take
any action except in,  the ordinary course of business and in a manner
consistent with past  practice; and   (ii) the Company shall use its
commercially  reasonable efforts to preserve substantially intact the
business  organization of the Company and each Subsidiary and to keep
available  the current employees of the Company (taken as a whole) consistent
with  past practice, and to preserve the current relationships of the
Company  and each Subsidiary with customers, suppliers and other persons
with  which the Company and each Subsidiary has significant business 
relations consistent with past practice.   By way of amplification and not
limitation, except as expressly contemplated by any other provision of this
Agreement or as set forth in Section 5.01 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the Company or any Subsidiary shall not, between the date of this Agreement
and the Effective Time, directly or indirectly, do, any of the following
without the prior written consent of Parent (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed):   (a) amend or otherwise change its
Organizational Documents;   (b) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant
or encumber, or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant
or encumbrance of, (i) any shares of any class of capital stock of the
Company, or any options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights of
any kind to acquire any shares of such capital stock, or any other ownership
interest (including, without limitation, any phantom interest), of the
Company, except for the issuance of options pursuant to the Company\'s Stock
Option Plan and shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of Options or (ii)
except in the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with
past practice, sell any material assets or property of the Company or any
Subsidiary;   (c) authorize, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend
or other distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with
respect to any of its capital stock, except for dividends paid to
the Company, or enter into any Agreement with respect to the voting of its
Capital Stock;   28     (d) reclassify, combine, split or subdivide,
any of its capital stock;   (e) (i) acquire (including, without limitation,
by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets or any other
business combination) any corporation, partnership, other business
organization or any division thereof or, other than in the ordinary course of
business, any material amount of assets, (ii) other than in the ordinary
course of business, incur any Indebtedness or issue any debt securities or
assume, guarantee or endorse, or, otherwise become responsible for, the
obligations of any Person (other than the Company or any Subsidiary), or make
any loans or advances or grant any security interest in any of its assets
except for any incurrence of Indebtedness under the CapitalSource Credit
Agreement, (iii) make or authorize any capital expenditures other than
capital expenditures reflected in the Company\'s budget for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2003, previously delivered by the Company to Parent or
(iv) enter into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement
with respect to any matter set forth in this Section 5.01(e);   (f) (i)
increase the compensation payable or to become payable or the benefits
provided to its directors or officers generally, or, except in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with past practice, employees, other than
with respect to obligations incurred by the Company prior to the date hereof,
(ii) grant any severance or termination pay to or enter into any employment,
bonus, change of control or severance agreement or arrangement with, any
director, officer or other employee of the Company who receives annual salary
from the Company in excess of $125,000 per year, (iii) establish,
adopt, enter into, increase or promise to increase or amend any material
bonus, profit-sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock,
pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment, termination,
severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or arrangement for
the benefit of any director, officer or employee, except as required by Law
and (iv) hire or retain any person with an annual salary greater than
$125,000; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict the Company from
taking any action to accelerate the vesting of outstanding stock options;  
(g) waive any stock repurchase or acceleration rights or materially amend or
change the terms of any capital stock;   (h) take any action, other than
reasonable and usual actions in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice or as required by GAAP, with respect to
accounting policies or procedures;   (i) unless otherwise required by
applicable Law, (i) adopt or change any accounting method used by it,
including any accounting method relating to Taxes, (ii) make, change or
revoke any material election relating to Taxes, or (iii) enter into any
closing agreement relating to Taxes, settle any material claim or assessment
relating to Taxes or consent to any material claim or assessment relating to
Taxes or any waiver of the statute of limitations for any such claim or
assessment;   29     (j) enter into any contract or agreement
providing for aggregate payments to or by the Company or its Subsidiaries of
more than $5 million per year, or amend, modify or consent to the termination
of any Material Contract;   (k) commence or settle (except a settlement
in connection with the Enron Claim) any Action other than any settlement
which does not subject the Company or any Subsidiary to injunctive or other
equitable relief;   (l) except as specifically contemplated by
this Agreement or entered into in connection herewith, enter into any Related
Party Transaction; or   (m) except as specifically contemplated by
this Agreement, enter into any agreement or otherwise make a commitment, to
do any of the foregoing.   ARTICLE VI   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   Section
6.01 Access to Information; Confidentiality.   (a) Except as required
pursuant to any confidentiality agreement or similar agreement or arrangement
to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or pursuant to applicable
Law, from the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, the Company
and each Subsidiary shall: (i) provide to Parent (and Parent\'s officers,
directors, employees, accountants, consultants, legal counsel, agents and
other representatives, collectively, "Parent\'s Representatives") reasonable
access during normal business hours to the officers, employees, agents,
properties, offices and other facilities of such party and its subsidiaries
and to the books and records thereof; and (ii) furnish to Parent such
information concerning the business, properties, contracts, assets,
liabilities, personnel and other aspects of such party and its subsidiaries
as Parent or Parent\'s Representatives may reasonably request.   (b) All
information obtained by Parent pursuant to this Section 6.01 shall be kept
confidential in accordance with the confidentiality agreement, dated July 18,
2003 (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), between Parent and the Company.  
(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each party hereto (and
its representatives, agents and employees) may consult any tax advisor
regarding the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions
contemplated hereby and, from and after the date of execution of this
Agreement (or, if earlier, the date of public announcement of this Agreement,
or public announcement of discussions between the parties relating to the
transactions) may disclose to any Person, without limitation of any kind, the
tax treatment and tax structure of such transactions and all
materials (including opinions and other tax analyses) that are provided
relating to such treatment or structure provided, however, that neither party
(nor   30    any employee, representative or other agent thereof) may
disclose any other information that is not relevant to understanding the tax
treatment and tax structure of the transaction (including the identity of any
party), or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could
result in a violation of any federal or state securities law.   (d) No
investigation pursuant to Section 6.01 shall affect any representation or
warranty in this Agreement of any party hereto or any condition to the
obligations of the parties hereto.   Section 6.02 No Solicitation of
Transactions. None of GFI, the Company nor any of their Affiliates, or their
Affiliates\' respective officers, employees, directors, agents or other
representatives (collectively, the "Representatives") will, and GFI and, the
Company shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause no
Stockholders of the Company to, (i) solicit, initiate, encourage or accept
any other inquiries, proposals or offers from any person (x) relating to any
acquisition or purchase of all or any portion of the capital stock of the
Company or material portion of the assets of the Company outside of the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, excluding the
issuance of Shares upon the exercise of Options, (y) enter into any merger,
recapitalization, reorganization, joint venture or other business combination
with the Company or (z) enter into any other extraordinary
business transaction involving or otherwise relating to the Company (any of
the transactions described in clauses (x), (y) and (z) being referred to
herein as a "Business Combination") or (ii) other than to notify a person who
has contacted the Company or any of its Representatives in connection with a
Business Combination that the Company is unable to respond thereto,
participate in any discussions, conversations, negotiations or other
communications with any other person regarding, or furnish to any other
person any information with respect to a Business Combination. The Company
shall notify Parent promptly if any proposal or offer, or any inquiry or
other contact with any other individual or entity with respect to a Business
Combination, is made or received by the Company or any of its
Representatives. The parties agree that irreparable harm would occur in the
event any obligation under this Section was not performed in accordance with
its terms and that Parent shall be entitled to specific performance of
the terms thereof, in addition to any other remedy available at law or in
equity, without the necessity of demonstrating the inadequacy of money
damages.   Section 6.03 Further Action; Commercially Reasonable Efforts.  
(a) Each of the parties hereto agrees to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to (i) take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and to do,
or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under
applicable Law or otherwise to consummate and make effective the transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) obtain from Governmental Authorities and third
parties any material consents, licenses, permits, waivers,
approvals, authorizations or orders required to be obtained or made by Parent
or the Company or any of their subsidiaries in connection with the
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement, and (iii) make all
necessary filings, and thereafter make any other required submissions, with
respect to this   31    Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby required under the HSR Act. Subject to appropriate confidentiality
protections, the parties hereto shall cooperate with each other in connection
with the making of all such filings, will furnish to the other party such
necessary information and assistance as such other party may reasonably
request with respect to the foregoing, will provide the other party with
copies of all filings made by such party with any Governmental Authority and,
upon request, any other information supplied by such party to a Governmental
Authority in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.   (b) Parent and the Company shall have filed prior to the date of
this Agreement, or shall file as soon as practicable after the date of this
Agreement, notifications under the HSR Act and shall respond as promptly as
practicable to all inquiries or requests received from the Federal
Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice for
additional information or documentation and shall respond as promptly as
practicable to all inquiries and requests received from any State Attorney
General or other Governmental Authority in connection with antitrust matters.
The parties shall cooperate with each other in connection with the making of
all such filings or responses, including providing copies of all such
documents to the other party and its advisors prior to filing or responding.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Parent shall not
be required to take any action, including entering into any consent decree,
hold separate orders or other arrangements, that (i) requires the divestiture
of any assets of any of Parent, the Company or any subsidiary of Parent or
Subsidiary or (ii) limits Parent\'s freedom of action with respect to, or its
ability to retain, the Company or Subsidiaries or any portion thereof or any
of Parent\'s, Parent subsidiaries\' or their respective affiliates assets or
businesses.   (c) The Company and Parent shall use their
respective commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any material third party
consents (A) necessary, proper, or advisable to consummate the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, (B) required to be disclosed in the
Disclosure Schedule or (C) required to prevent a company Material Adverse
Effect from occurring prior to the Effective Time.   Section 6.04
Obligations of Merger Sub. Parent shall take all action necessary to cause
Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate
the Merger on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement.   Section 6.05 Public Announcements. Promptly following
the execution of this Agreement, the parties shall issue a press release
regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the form agreed
upon by the parties (the "Press Release"). Subject to compliance with
applicable Law or stock exchange regulations, no party hereto shall make, or
cause to be made, any press release or public announcement in respect of this
Agreement, the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise
communicate with news media in a manner inconsistent with the Press Release
without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto, subject to
applicable Law. The parties shall cooperate as to the timing and content of
any press   32    releases or public announcements made in connection
with the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to
applicable Law.   Section 6.06 Closing Date Debt. At the Effective Time,
Parent shall contribute to the capital of the Company an amount in cash equal
to the Closing Date Debt, less (i) any amounts included in the Closing Date
Debt attributable to the capital leases set forth on Exhibit 6.06 hereto,
(ii) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Company under Promissory
Note A and (iii) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Company under
Promissory Note B (including all accrued but unpaid interest), and the
Company shall utilize such contribution to repay the Closing Date Debt in
full other than with respect to the debt attributable to the capital leases
set forth in Exhibit 6.06 hereto and the Gerblick Notes.   Section 6.07 UQ
Acquisition Claims. (a) In the event that all UQ Acquisition Claims are not
finally settled at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the
Company shall, prior to the Closing Date, assign all of its right, title and
interest in and to the UQ Acquisition Claims to GFI (in its capacity as the
Representative) pursuant to the terms of an Assignment Agreement to be
entered into among the Company, GFI in its capacity as Representative, and
Parent (the "Assignment Agreement"). The Assignment Agreement (i) shall
assign all of the Company\'s right, title and interest in and to the UQ
Acquisition Claims to GFI (in its capacity as the Representative), (ii) shall
contain further assurances consistent with the terms of this Section 6.07,
(iii) shall provide for the distribution of any recovery from the
UQ Acquisition Claims (net of expenses) to the Stockholders and Optionholders
in accordance with their Applicable Percentage, and shall otherwise be in a
form reasonably satisfactory to GFI and Parent.   (b) In the event that any
proceeds from the settlement of the UQ Acquisition Claims are paid to the
Company or the Surviving Corporation, Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, and the Surviving Corporation shall, promptly remit such
proceeds to GFI (in its capacity as the Representative) to the extent such
proceeds were not included in the calculation of Working Capital, and GFI
shall distribute such proceeds (net of expenses) to the Stockholders and
Optionholders in accordance with the terms of the Assignment Agreement.  
(c) In the event that GFI is prepared to enter into a definitive written
settlement agreement with respect to the UQ Acquisition Claims subsequent to
the Closing Date, the Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, and
the Surviving Corporation shall, reasonably cooperate with GFI to effect such
settlement, including without limitation causing the Surviving Corporation to
provide general and unconditional releases to the parties to the UPA of their
obligations thereunder and a release to Byers of his obligations pursuant to
Section 1c. of the Seller Noncompetition Agreement, dated as of August 31,
2001, by and between UtiliQuest, LLC and Byers.   33     (d) The Parent
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, and the Surviving Corporation
shall, make reasonably available to GFI the employees of the Surviving
Corporation that GFI requires to pursue the UQ Acquisition Claims; provided,
however, that such availability shall not unreasonably interfere with the
duties of such employees at the Surviving Corporation.   (e) In the event
that the UQ Acquisition Claims cannot be assigned as contemplated by this
Section 6.07, the Parent shall and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to,
cooperate with GFI in a mutually agreeable arrangement under which GFI (in
its capacity as the Representative) would control the pursuit, prosecution
and resolution of the UQ Acquisition Claims and any recovery in respect
thereof (net of expenses) would be for the account of the Stockholders and
the Optionholders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages.   For
purposes of this Section 6.07, "UQ Acquisition Claims" means all claims of
the Company against ECTMI Trutta Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership
("Trutta"), Joint Energy Development Investments II, Limited Partnership, a
Delaware limited partnership ("JEDI"), Byers Engineering Company, a Georgia
corporation ("Byers"), Neal Allen Robertson, an individual ("Robertson"), and
Enron North America Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Enron") (collectively,
Trutta, JEDI, Byers, Robertson and Enron are referred to as the "Seller
Parties"), pursuant to or in connection with (i) the Unit Purchase Agreement
(the "UPA") dated as of July 24, 2001, among Holdings, the Company, the
Seller Parties and OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership (the "Power Fund"), (ii) the Settlement Agreement and
Mutual General Release ("Settlement Agreement") entered into and effective
April 9, 2002, among Holdings, the Company, the Seller Parties and the Power
Fund, and (iii) the Escrow Agreement ("UQ Escrow Agreement") entered into as
of April 19, 2002, among Holdings, the Seller Parties (other than Enron) and
JP Morgan Chase Bank, a New York corporation, as escrow agent, including,
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (A) all indemnification
claims that may be asserted against the Seller Parties pursuant to Article IX
of the UPA (as modified by Section 3(b) of the Settlement Agreement), and (B)
all claims that may be asserted against the escrow fund established pursuant
to the UQ Escrow Agreement.   Section 6.08 Termination of Enumerated
Related Party Agreements and Other Contracts. On or prior to the Effective
Time, the Company and each of the Subsidiaries shall have terminated the
related party agreements and the contracts, in each case, that are enumerated
in Exhibit 6.08 hereto.   Section 6.09 Settlement Agreement and Mutual
Release. In the event that the Company and GFI do not enter into the
Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release by the Closing Date, the Parent shall
and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, cooperate with GFI to enter
into the Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release. Any recoveries (inclusive
of any reduction in the amount of the Company\'s obligations) in connection
with the Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release (net of expenses) shall be
for the account of the Stockholders and the Optionholders in accordance with
their Applicable Percentages.   34     Section 6.10 Estoppel
Certificates. The Company agrees to use its reasonable efforts to deliver to
the Parent prior to the Closing Date an estoppel certificate for each of the
leased properties set forth in Exhibit 6.10 hereto.   ARTICLE VII  
CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER   Section 7.01 Conditions to the Obligations of
Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the
fulfillment or written waiver, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations, Warranties and Covenants.
(i) The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this
Agreement shall be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation
as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth herein) as of the
Effective Time, as though made on and as of the Effective Time (except to the
extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier
date), except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be
so true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to
materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth herein) would not have a
Material Adverse Effect and (ii) the covenants and agreements contained in
this Agreement to be complied with by GFI and the Company on or before the
Closing shall have been complied with in all material respects and Parent
shall have received a certificate from the Company with respect to the
foregoing and from GFI with respect to compliance with its covenants and
agreements only;   (b) No Order. No Governmental Authority shall
have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or amended any Law, rule,
regulation, judgment, decree, executive order or demand (an "Order") which is
then in effect and has the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise
prohibiting consummation of the Merger;   (c) HSR Act. Any waiting period
(and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act applicable to the Merger
contemplated by this Agreement shall have expired or shall have been
terminated;   (d) No Proceeding or Litigation. No Action shall have been
commenced or threatened by or before any Governmental Authority
against either GFI or the Company, seeking to restrain or materially and
adversely alter the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which, in the
reasonable, good faith determination of Parent, has a reasonable likelihood
of success and would reasonably be expected to render it impossible or
unlawful to consummate such transactions or have a Material Adverse
Effect;   35     (e) Consents and Approvals. The Company shall
have received, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent,
all required material authorizations, consents, orders and approvals of
all Governmental Authorities and all such other third party consents as are
set forth in Section 3.06(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;   (f)
Payoff Certificates/Letter. The Company shall have delivered to Parent payoff
certificates/letters for each repayment by the Company of a portion of the
Closing Date Debt.   (g) Resignations. Parent shall have
received resignations, in writing, of all the members of the Board of the
Company effective as of the Effective Time;   (h) Non-Disclosure Agreement.
GFI shall have entered into a confidentiality/non-disclosure agreement with
Parent substantially in the form of Exhibit 7.01(h) hereto.   (i)
Dissenting Shares. The number of Dissenting Shares shall be less than 1% of
the issued and outstanding Company Common Stock.   (j) No Material Adverse
Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, no event or events shall have
occurred, and none of GFI, the Company or its Subsidiaries shall have
received any notice or notices regarding any event or events, which,
individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;
and   (k) FIRPTA Certificate. Parent shall have received from GFI a
certificate in compliance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-2(b),
certifying that it is not a "foreign person" under Section 1445 of the
Code.   Section 7.02 Conditions to the Obligations of GFI and the Company.
The obligations of GFI and the Company to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the
fulfillment or written waiver, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations, Warranties and Covenants.
(i) The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in
this Agreement shall be true and correct (without giving effect to any
limitation as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth herein) in
all material respects as of the Effective Time, as though made on and as of
the Effective Time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier
date, in which case as of such earlier date), and (ii) the covenants and
agreements contained in this Agreement to be complied with by Parent and
Merger Sub on or before the Closing shall have been complied with in all
material respects and GFI and the Company shall have received a certificate
from the Parent and Merger Sub with respect to the foregoing;   36    
(b) No Order. No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued,
promulgated, enforced or amended any Law or Order which is then in effect and
has the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting
consummation of the Merger;   (c) HSR Act. Any waiting period (and any
extension thereof) under the HSR Act applicable to the Merger contemplated by
this Agreement shall have expired or shall have been terminated;   (d) No
Proceeding or Litigation. No Action shall have been commenced or threatened
by or before any Governmental Authority against any party hereto, seeking to
restrain or materially and adversely alter the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement which, in the reasonable, good faith determination of the
Representative, has a reasonable likelihood of success and would reasonably
be expected to render it impossible or unlawful to consummate such
transactions or have a Material Adverse Effect.   ARTICLE VIII  
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   Section 8.01 Termination. This Agreement
may be terminated and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time,
notwithstanding any requisite approval and adoption of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Stockholders, as follows:   (a) by
mutual written consent of Parent and the Company;   (b) by either Parent,
on the one hand, or the Company, on the other hand, if there shall be any Law
that makes consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or,
notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.03(b), if consummation of the
Merger would violate any nonappealable final Order of any Governmental Entity
having competent jurisdiction; provided, however, that the right to terminate
this Agreement under this Section 8.01(b) shall not be available to any party
who has not used its commercially reasonable efforts to have such Order
rescinded;   (c) by Parent, if (i) any of the conditions set forth in
Section 7.01 shall have become incapable of fulfillment and shall not
have been waived or (ii) GFI or the Company shall breach in any material
respect any of its obligations hereunder and such breach shall not have been
cured in all material respects or waived;   (d) by the Company or GFI, if
(i) any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.02 shall have become
incapable of fulfillment and shall not have been waived or (ii) either Parent
or Merger Sub shall breach in any material respect any of their
representations, warranties   37    or obligations hereunder and such
breach shall not have been cured in all material respects or waived; or  
(e) by either Parent, on the one hand, or the Company and GFI on the other
hand, if the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before December 5,
2003; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under
this Section 8.01(e) shall not be available to any party whose failure to
fulfill any obligation under this Agreement shall have been the cause of, or
shall have resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur on
or prior to such date.   The party desiring to terminate this Agreement
shall give written notice of such termination to the other parties.  
Section 8.02 Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become
void, and there shall be no liability under this Agreement on the part of any
party hereto, except as set forth in Sections 6.01(b) (Confidentiality), 6.05
(Public Announcements) and 8.03 (Expenses); provided, however, that nothing
herein shall relieve any party from liability for any willful breach of this
Agreement.   Section 8.03 Expenses.   (a) The Company shall be responsible
for and bear all of the Expenses of the Representative and the Company and of
their respective legal counsel, accountants or other advisors incurred at
anytime in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby (collectively, the "Closing Expenses"). Parent shall be responsible
for and bear all of its own and Merger Sub\'s Expenses and any Expenses of
their respective legal counsel, accountants or other advisors, incurred at
any time in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby. All Expenses relating to the filing fee for the Notification and
Report Forms filed under the HSR Act shall be borne solely by Parent.   (b)
In the event that after the Effective Time the Surviving Corporation or
Parent receives an invoice for any Closing Expenses that were not deducted
from the Merger Consideration or reflected as liabilities in the calculation
of Working Capital, the Surviving Corporation shall immediately forward such
invoices directly to the Representative and Parent and the Representative
shall direct the Escrow Agent to reimburse Parent or the Surviving
Corporation for the full amount of such invoices (as and when they are paid)
out of the Indemnity Escrow Account. Prior to ordering any such payment, the
Parent shall send the Representative a copy of any such invoice and allow the
Representative 20 days to review and, if appropriate, seek to reduce
the amount of the invoice.   38     ARTICLE IX   INDEMNIFICATION  
Section 9.01 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants.   (a)
The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall survive
after the Effective Time until the first anniversary of the Closing Date (the
"Expiration Date"). If written notice of a claim in accordance with Section
9.05(b) has been given prior to the expiration of the applicable
representations and warranties by a party hereto to another party hereto,
then the relevant representations and warranties shall survive, but only with
respect to such specific claim, until such claim has been
finally resolved.   (b) The covenants contained in this Agreement
shall survive indefinitely; provided, that the covenants in Sections 9.02(ii)
(as it pertains to Excluded Taxes) and the covenants in Section 9.02(iii)
shall terminate on the Expiration Date. If written notice of a claim in
accordance with Section 9.05(b) has been given prior to the expiration of the
applicable covenants by a party hereto to another party hereto, then the
relevant covenants shall survive, but only with respect to such specific
claim, until such claim has been finally resolved.   Section 9.02
Indemnification of Parent Indemnified Parties. After the Effective Time,
Parent and its Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation), officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns
(collectively, the "Parent Indemnified Parties", shall be indemnified and
held harmless for any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims,
incidental damages, interest, awards, judgments and penalties (including
reasonable attorneys\' and consultants\' fees and expenses) actually suffered
or incurred by them (including, without limitation, in connection with any
action brought or otherwise initiated by any of them) (hereinafter, a
"Loss" and collectively, "Losses"), arising out of or resulting from
(without duplication):   (i) excluding any matters related to Taxes,  the
breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in  this
Agreement (provided that in calculating the amount of any Loss, as  opposed
to whether there has been a breach, such Loss shall be  calculated without
regard to qualifications as to "materiality"  including the word "material"
or Material Adverse Effect) and any other  certificate delivered by GFI and
the Company pursuant to this  Agreement;   (ii) the breach of any covenant
or agreement  made by GFI, the Representative and the Company in this
Agreement and  any other certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
which, in  the case of the Company, is to be performed on or prior to the
Closing  Date;   39     (iii) the payment by Parent, the Surviving 
Corporation, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof of any Excluded 
Taxes;   (iv) any action by any Stockholder in  respect of any Dissenting
Shares, but only to the extent Losses in  respect thereof exceed the Per
Share Merger Consideration otherwise  payable in respect of such Dissenting
Shares;   (v) any Closing Expenses to the extent such  Closing Expenses
were not (A) deducted from the Merger Consideration,  (B) paid or (C)
reflected as liabilities in the calculation of Working  Capital; or   (vi)
the inaccuracy of the Per Share Merger  Consideration Certificate to the
extent it results in the payment of  excess Merger Consideration.  
Recovery under this indemnity shall be solely as provided in Section
9.04.   Section 9.03 Indemnification by Parent. After the Effective Time,
the Stockholders and the Optionholders and their respective
affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns
(collectively, the "Stockholder Indemnified Parties") shall be indemnified
and held harmless by Parent for any and all Losses, arising out of or
resulting from:   (i) the breach of any representation or  warranty made by
Parent or Merger Sub in this Agreement (provided that  in calculating the
amount of any Loss, as opposed to whether there has  been a breach, such Loss
shall be calculated without regard to  qualifications as to "materiality"
including the word "material" or  Material Adverse Effect) and any other
certificate or document  delivered by Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to this
Agreement; or   (ii) the breach of any covenant or agreement  made by
Parent or Merger Sub in this Agreement and any other  certificate or document
delivered pursuant to this Agreement.   (iii) The inaccuracy of the Per
Share Merger  Consideration Certificate to the extent it results in an
underpayment  with respect to the Merger Consideration.   Section 9.04
Limits on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement: (a) an Indemnifying Party (as defined below) shall not be
liable for any claim for indemnification and Parent Indemnified Parties, or
Shareholder Indemnified Parties, as the case may be, shall not be entitled to
indemnification under Section 9.02(i) or (iii) (solely with respect to Non-
Income Taxes other than any Non-Income Taxes   40    included in the
2003 Tax Liability) or 9.03(i), unless and until the aggregate amount of
indemnifiable Losses which may be recovered from the Indemnifying Party or
the Indemnity Escrow, as applicable, equals or exceeds $1,200,000, after
which the Indemnifying Party shall be liable only for, or there may only be
recovered from the Indemnity Escrow, as applicable, those Losses in excess
of $1,200,000, (b) the maximum amount of indemnifiable Losses which may
be recovered (i) arising out of or resulting from the causes set forth in
Section 9.02 or Section 9.03, shall be an amount equal to the Indemnity
Escrow Amount. The provisions of Section 9.04(a) shall not apply with respect
to indemnification of the Parent Indemnified Parties for any Income Taxes and
the 2003 Tax Liability pursuant to Section 9.02(iii) hereof. The sole
recourse for indemnification claims made by the Parent Indemnified Parties
pursuant to this Agreement shall be recovery of amounts from the Indemnity
Escrow Account in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   Section
9.05 Indemnification Procedures.   (a) For purposes of this Section 9.05, a
party against which indemnification may be sought (or, in the case of a claim
for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.02, the Representative) is referred
to as the "Indemnifying Party" and the party which may be entitled to
indemnification is referred to as the "Indemnified Party".   (b) The
obligations of Indemnifying Parties under this Article IX with respect to
Losses arising from claims of any third party which are subject to the
indemnification provided for in this Article IX ("Third Party Claims") shall
be governed by and contingent upon the following additional terms and
conditions: if an Indemnified Party shall receive notice of any Third Party
Claim, the Indemnified Party shall promptly give all Indemnifying
Parties notice of such Third Party Claim; provided, however, that the failure
to provide such notice shall not release an Indemnifying Party from any of
its obligations under this Article IX except to the extent that such
Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. The notice of
claim shall describe in reasonable detail the facts known to the Indemnified
Party giving rise to such indemnification claim, and the amount or good faith
estimate of the amount arising therefrom. The Indemnified Party shall deliver
to the Indemnifying Party, promptly after the Indemnified Party\'s receipt
thereof, copies of all notices and documents (including court papers)
received by the Indemnified Party relating to a Third Party Claim.   (c)
The Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to assume and control the defense of
such Third Party Claim at its expense and through counsel of its choice if it
gives notice of its intention to do so to the Indemnified Party within thirty
(30) days of the receipt of such notice from the Indemnified Party in which
case the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person for
any fees of counsel or any other expenses with respect to the defense of such
Third Party Claim; provided, however, that, if the Indemnified Party
reasonably determines based upon advice of counsel that a conflict of
interest exists that would make it inappropriate for the same counsel to
represent both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, then the
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to retain its own counsel at the
expense of the   41    Indemnifying Party. In the event that the
Indemnifying Party exercises the right to undertake any such defense against
such Third Party Claim as provided above, the Indemnified Party shall
cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in such defense and make available to
the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Party\'s expense, all witnesses,
pertinent records, materials and information in the Indemnified Party\'s
possession or under the Indemnified Party\'s control relating thereto as is
reasonably required by the Indemnifying Party. Similarly, in the event the
Indemnified Party is, directly or indirectly, conducting the defense against
any such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall cooperate with the
Indemnified Party in such defense and make available to the Indemnified
Party, at the Indemnifying Party\'s expense, all such witnesses, records,
materials and information in the Indemnifying Party\'s possession or under
the Indemnifying Party\'s control relating thereto as is reasonably required
by the Indemnified Party. No compromise or settlement of such Third Party
Claim may be effected by either the Indemnified Party or the
Indemnifying Parties without the other party\'s consent (which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless (i) there is no finding or admission
of any violation of Law and no effect on any other claims that may be made
against such other party and (ii) each Indemnified Party that is party to
such claim is unconditionally released from liability with respect to such
claim.   (d) A claim for indemnification for any matter not including a
Third-Party Claim shall be asserted by notice to the party from
whom indemnification is sought.   Section 9.06 Delivery and Release of
Indemnity Escrow.   (a) The Indemnity Escrow Amount (including all accrued
interest thereon) shall be used to satisfy indemnification claims, finally
determined by (x) mutual written agreement of Parent and the Representative
or (y) a final award of an arbitral tribunal in accordance with Section
10.06, of the Parent Indemnified Parties for which such Persons are entitled
to recovery pursuant to the terms of this Article IX and shall be disbursed
in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Escrow Agreement.   (b)
If, as of the Expiration Date, a Parent Indemnified Party has asserted in
writing any claim (and its good faith estimate of its Losses in respect of
such claim) that is reasonably expected to give rise to a right of
indemnification pursuant to this Article IX that is pending and unresolved,
Parent and the Representative shall give joint written instructions to the
Escrow Agent to retain an amount equal to the lesser of (x) the
Indemnity Escrow Amount as such amount may have been previously reduced
pursuant to this Article IX or (y) the amounts asserted in writing by Parent
to be claimed to be owing to the Parent Indemnified Parties under this
Article IX (subject to adjustment in accordance with the last proviso to this
sentence), and the remaining balance shall be released to the Stockholders
and the Optionholders in accordance with their respective Applicable
Percentage; provided, however, that to the extent that the Indemnity Escrow
Amount had been previously reduced, and such remaining claims exceed the
current Indemnity Escrow Amount, no amount shall be released, pursuant to
this provision at such time; and provided further that any dispute as to the
appropriate amount of such good faith   42    estimate shall be resolved
in accordance with Section 10.06 hereof. Within one (1) Business Day of the
final resolution of each indemnity claim properly brought and pending as of
the Expiration Date by (x) mutual written agreement of Parent and the
Representative or (y) a final award of an arbitral tribunal in accordance
with Section 10.06, Parent and the Representative shall give joint written
instructions to the Escrow Agent to release to the Stockholders and
the Optionholders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage
the amount, if any, by which the estimated Losses in respect of such claim
exceeded the finally determined Losses in respect of such claim. Upon final
resolution of all indemnity claims properly brought and pending as of the
Expiration Date by (x) mutual written agreement of Parent and the
Representative or (y) a final award of an arbitral tribunal in accordance
with Section 10.06, Parent and the Representative shall give joint written
instruction to the Escrow Agent to release to the Stockholders and the
Optionholders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage the
remaining balance, if any, of the Indemnity Escrow Amount.   Section 9.07
No Right of Contribution. GFI acknowledges and agrees that, upon and after
the Closing, the Company shall not have any liability or obligation to
indemnify, save or hold harmless or otherwise pay, reimburse or make GFI or
any other Stockholder or Optionholder whole for or on account of any claim
for indemnification by Parent pursuant to this Article IX or any untruth,
inaccuracy or incorrectness of, or other breach of, any representation or
warranty or the nonfulfillment, nonperformance, nonobservance or other breach
or violation of, or default under, any covenant or agreement made by GFI or
the Company in this Agreement, and neither GFI nor any Stockholder or
Optionholder shall have any right of contribution against the Company.  
Section 9.08 Exclusive Remedy. Following the Closing the sole and exclusive
remedy for each of the Parent Indemnified Parties and Stockholder Indemnified
Parties with respect to any and all claims relating to a breach of this
Agreement (other than claims of, or causes of action, arising from,
fraud) shall be pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in this
Article IX which, in the case of the Parent Indemnified Parties, limit
indemnification to recovery of amounts from the Indemnity Escrow Account and
which in the case of the Shareholder Indemnified Parties, limit
indemnification to an amount equal to the Escrow Amount. In furtherance of
the foregoing, each of the Parent Indemnified Parties and the Stockholder
Indemnified Parties hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted under
applicable Law, any and all rights, claims and causes of action (other than
claims of, or causes of action arising from, fraud) it may have against the
other parties hereto, arising under or based upon any Federal, state, local
or foreign Law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
this Section 9.08 shall not limit a party\'s right to specific performance or
injunctive relief in connection with the other party\'s breach of its
covenants in this Agreement.   Section 9.09 Losses Net of Insurance, Tax
Benefits. The amount of any Loss for which indemnification is provided to a
Parent Indemnified Party or a Stockholder Indemnified Party, as the case may
be, under this Article IX shall be (i) increased to take account  
43    of any net Tax cost (except as provided below) actually incurred by
such Indemnified Party or any Consolidated Tax Group of which it is a member
arising from the receipt of indemnity payments hereunder, (ii) reduced to
take account of any net Tax benefit actually realized by such Indemnified
Party or any Consolidated Tax Group of which it is a member arising from the
incurrence or payment of any such Loss, and (iii) net of any amounts
recovered by, the such Indemnified Party with respect to such Loss under
insurance policies. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and
agree that (i) a net Tax cost shall not include any portion of the gain or
decrease in the loss, as the case may be, that would be recognized by Parent
or any Affiliate of Parent upon a disposition of any shares of stock of the
Company, and (ii) an Indemnified Party, in accordance with Section 9.12(k)
below, shall not treat the receipt of any indemnity payment hereunder as
taxable income to such Indemnified Party unless required to do so by
applicable Tax Law. In computing the amount of any such net Tax cost or net
Tax benefit, the Indemnified Party shall be deemed to realize all other items
of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit before realizing any item arising
from the receipt of any indemnity payment hereunder or the incurrence or
payment of any indemnified Loss. An Indemnified Party shall be deemed to have
"actually realized" a net Tax cost or a net Tax benefit to the extent that,
and at such time as, the amount of Taxes payable (as determined on a present
value basis in the taxable year in which such indemnity payment is made using
a discount rate of 7%) by such Indemnified Party is increased above or
reduced below, as the case may be, the amount of Taxes that such
Indemnified Party would be required to pay but for the receipt or accrual of
the indemnity payment or the incurrence or payment of such indemnified
amount, as the case may be. An Indemnified Party shall submit claims under
and diligently pursue recovery under all insurance policies under which any
Losses may be insured.   Section 9.10 No Consequential Damages.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this agreement, no
Person shall be liable to or otherwise responsible for consequential damages,
punitive damages or for diminution in value or lost profits (except with
respect to payment of any such damages in respect of Third-Party Claims).  
Section 9.11 Subrogation of Rights. The Indemnifying Party shall be
subrogated to all rights and remedies of the Indemnified Party.
Each Indemnified Party shall take all commercially reasonable action to
perfect the above subrogation rights and, prior to seeking any
indemnification from any Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party shall
pursue all claims of the Company, the Surviving Corporation and the
Subsidiaries under all of its agreements and instruments, including without
limitation, those agreements and instruments relating to prior acquisitions
by the Company or the Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent an Indemnified Party from asserting a claim pursuant to
Sections 9.02 and 9.05 hereof prior to or in conjunction with pursuing such
claims against other parties; provided, however, that the Indemnified Party
may not pursue such claim against the Indemnifying Party until it has
complied with its obligations under this Section 9.11.   44     Section
9.12 Tax Matters. (a) The Representative shall be responsible for causing to
be filed all Tax Returns required or permitted by applicable Law to be filed
by the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to taxable periods that end
on or before the Closing Date (such periods, the "Pre-Closing Periods" and
such Tax Returns, the "Pre-Closing Period Tax Returns"). All such Pre-Closing
Period Tax Returns shall be prepared and filed in a manner that is consistent
with the prior practice of the Company and its Subsidiaries, except as
required by applicable Law. If any such Pre-Closing Period Tax Returns are
due after the Closing, (i) the Representative shall prepare and submit such
Tax Returns to Parent if the Representative is not authorized to file such
Pre-Closing Tax Returns by applicable law, and (ii) Parent shall file (or
cause to be filed) such Pre-Closing Period Tax Returns with the appropriate
taxing authority and pay (except as set forth below) the Taxes shown as due
and payable on such Tax Return as prepared by the Representative. The Escrow
Agent shall disburse to the Representative or the Parent, as applicable, from
the Indemnity Escrow Amount, at least three (3) Business Days before the due
date of the applicable Pre-Closing Period Tax Return, an amount equal to the
portion of the Taxes shown as due and payable on such Tax Return as prepared
by the Representative (or, in the case of a dispute (as described below) that
is not resolved by the due date for the filing of such Tax Return (including
extensions), such Tax Return shall be filed in accordance with Parent\'s
determination and the amount disbursed from the Indemnity Escrow Amount shall
include the amount in dispute) but only to the extent such Taxes were not (i)
taken into account as a liability in the determination of Final Closing
Working Capital or (ii) paid prior to the Closing, including as a payment of
an estimated Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, Parent shall be responsible for
the payment of any Taxes taken into account as a Liability in the
determination of the Final Closing Working Capital and shall remit
such amount to the relevant taxing authority (or, if the Representative files
the applicable Pre-Closing Period Tax Return, Parent shall remit such amount
to the Representative).   (b) The Representative shall submit to Parent a
draft of each Pre-Closing Period Tax Return (regardless of whether Parent or
the Representative, as the case may be, must file such Tax Return under
applicable Law) at least forty-five (45) days prior to the due date for the
filing of such Tax Return (taking into account any extensions thereof),
together with the Representative\'s calculation of the Tax for the Pre-
Closing Period and the details supporting such calculation. Such draft Tax
Return and calculation shall be subject to Parent\'s review and approval.
Parent may, after receipt of such draft Tax Return and calculation (with
supporting details), notify the Representative, in writing, of any
disagreement with such Tax Return and/or calculation. If Parent notifies the
Representative, in writing, of any such disagreement, Parent and the
Representative shall proceed in good faith to attempt to resolve such
disagreement. If they do not resolve such disagreement by the due date for
the filing of such Tax Return (including extensions), the Representative or
Parent, as applicable, shall cause the Tax Return to be filed, and the
Neutral Auditors shall be retained to resolve such disagreement. In resolving
any such disagreement, the Neutral Auditor shall apply principles consistent
with the Company\'s or, as applicable, its Subsidiary\'s past practice (in
the case of any Subsidiary of the Company during the period that the
Company owned such Subsidiary); provided, however, that the Neutral  
45    Auditor shall not be required to follow past practice to the extent
the Neutral Auditor reasonably determines, in writing, that (i) the relevant
past practice is contrary to applicable Tax Law, or (ii) the applicable Tax
Return could not have been filed without being subject to penalties. The
principles of Section 2.06(d) with respect to the scope and timing of
determination, the effect of such determination, and the payment of the fees
and expenses of the Neutral Auditor shall apply. If the Tax, as determined by
the Neutral Auditors, for the Pre-Closing Period is less than the amount of
such Tax disbursed from the Indemnity Escrow Amount, Parent shall pay to the
Stockholders and Optionholders, in accordance with their respective
Applicable Percentages, the amount by which the finally determined Tax for
the Pre-Closing Period is less than the amount of such Tax shown as payable
on the applicable Pre-Closing Period Tax Return. Parent shall make such
payment on the later of the due date (taking into account any extension
thereof) of the Pre-Closing Period Tax Return or five (5) days after the
determination of the amount of the Tax by the Neutral Auditors for the Pre-
Closing Period, if such determination is made after such due date.   (c)
Parent, the Company, or its Subsidiaries shall be responsible for filing all
Tax Returns required to be filed by the Company or its Subsidiaries with
respect to Straddle Periods and periods that begin after the Closing Date.
The Escrow Agent shall disburse to Parent from the Indemnity Escrow Amount at
least three (3) Business Days before the due date of the applicable Tax
Return for a Straddle Period an amount equal to the portion of the Taxes
shown as due and payable on such Tax Return that are allocable to the Pre-
Closing Straddle Period as determined under this Section 9.12(c)
(including any amounts remaining in dispute and for which resolution has not
occurred (as described below) prior to the due date for filing such Tax
Return (including extensions)) but only to the extent such Taxes were not (i)
taken into account as a liability in the determination of Final Closing
Working Capital or (ii) paid prior to the Closing, including as a payment of
an estimated Tax. Parent shall pay or cause to be paid all Taxes due and
payable in respect of all such Straddle Period Tax Returns. For the avoidance
of doubt, Parent shall be responsible for the payment of any Taxes taken into
account as a liability in the determination of the Final Closing Working
Capital and shall remit such amount to the relevant taxing authority. In
order to apportion appropriately any Taxes relating to a Straddle Period, the
parties shall, to the extent permitted under applicable Tax Law, elect with
the relevant taxing authority to treat for all Tax purposes the Closing Date
as the last day of the taxable year or period of the Company and its
Subsidiaries. In any case where applicable Tax Law does not permit the
Company or its Subsidiaries to treat the Closing Date as the last day of the
taxable year or period, the portion of any Taxes that are allocable to the
portion of the Straddle Period ending on and including the Closing Date (the
"Pre-Closing Straddle Period") shall be: (A) in the case of Taxes that
are imposed on a periodic basis (and not based on invoices, receipts, sales
or payments), deemed to be the amount of such Taxes for the entire
period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of
calendar days in the Straddle Period ending on (and including) the Closing
Date and the denominator of which is the number of calendar days in the
entire relevant Straddle Period, and (B) in the case of Taxes not described
in (i) (such as taxes that are either (x) based upon or related to income or
receipts, or (y) imposed in connection   46    with any sale or other
transfer or assignment of property (real or personal, tangible or
intangible)), deemed equal to the amount that would be payable if the taxable
year or period ended and the books closed at the close of the Closing
Date.   (d) Parent shall submit to the Representative a draft of each
Straddle Period Tax Return prepared, except as otherwise required by Law or
to the extent that counsel for Parent reasonably determines, in writing,
that such a Tax Return could not be so prepared and filed without being
subjected to penalties, in a manner that is consistent with the Company\'s
or, as applicable, any of its Subsidiary\'s past practice (in the case of any
Subsidiary of the Company during the period that the Company owned such
Subsidiary) at least forty-five (45) days prior to the due date for the
filing of such Tax Return (taking into account any extensions thereof),
together with Parent\'s calculation of the Tax for the Pre-Closing Straddle
Period and the details supporting such calculation. Such draft Tax Return and
calculation shall be subject to the Representative\'s review and approval.
The Representative may, after receipt of such draft Tax Return and
calculation (with supporting details), notify Parent, in writing, of any
disagreement with such Tax Return and/or calculation. If the Representative
notifies Parent, in writing, of any such disagreement, Parent and the
Representative shall proceed in good faith to attempt to resolve
such disagreement. If they do not resolve such disagreement by the due
date (including extensions) for the filing of such Tax Return, Parent shall
cause the Tax Return to be filed, and the Neutral Auditors shall be retained
to resolve such disagreement. The principles of Section 2.06(d) with respect
to the scope and timing of determination, the effect of such determination,
and the payment of the fees and expenses of the Neutral Auditors shall apply.
If the Tax, as determined by the Neutral Auditors, for the Pre-Closing
Straddle Period is less than the amount of such Tax disbursed from the
Indemnity Escrow Amount, Parent shall pay to the Stockholders and
Optionholders, in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages,
the amount by which the finally determined Tax for the Pre-Closing Straddle
Period is less than the amount of such Tax. Parent shall make such payment on
the later of the due date (taking into account extension thereof) of the
Straddle Period Tax Return or five (5) days after the determination of the
amount of the Tax by the Neutral Auditors for the Pre-Closing Straddle
Period, if such determination is made after such due date.   (e)
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Parent Indemnified
Parties shall have no recourse against the Indemnity Escrow Amount for any
liability for Taxes attributable to any action taken on the Closing Date
after the Closing by Parent or any Affiliate thereof (other than any such
action expressly required by this Agreement).   (f) After the Closing Date,
each of Parent, the Company and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the
Representative, on the other, shall (i) provide, or cause to be provided, to
each other\'s respective subsidiaries, officers, employees, representatives
and affiliates, such assistance as may reasonably be requested by any of them
in connection with the preparation of any Tax Return or any audit of the
Company or its Subsidiaries in respect of which Parent, the Company and its
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, is responsible pursuant to  
47    this Article IX, (ii) retain, or cause to be retained, for so long
as any such Taxable years or Audits shall remain open for adjustments, any
records or information which may be relevant to any such Tax Returns or
audits, and (iii) compensate the other party for all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs incurred by such other party in connection with providing any
assistance requested pursuant to (i). The assistance provided for in this
Section 9.12(f) shall include, without limitation, each of the Parent, the
Company and its Subsidiaries, and the Representative (x) making their agents
and employees and the agents and employees of their respective subsidiaries
and Affiliates available to each other on a mutually convenient basis to
provide such assistance as might reasonably be expected to be of use in
connection with any such Tax Returns or audits and (y) providing, or causing
to be provided, such information as might reasonably be expected to be of use
in connection with any such Tax Returns or audits, including without
limitation records, returns, schedules, documents, work papers, opinions,
letters or memoranda, or other relevant materials relating thereto.   (g)
Each of Parent, the Company or its Subsidiaries, and the Representative,
shall promptly inform, keep regularly apprised of the progress with respect
to, and notify the other party in writing after the receipt of any notice of
any audit in respect of any Tax Liability for which it was responsible
hereunder which could affect the Tax liability of such other party for any
taxable year; provided, however, that a failure by a party to provide such
notice will not affect such party\'s right to indemnification for Taxes under
this Article IX except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party
was materially prejudiced by such failure.   (h) Any Tax refund or
equivalent benefit actually realized through a reduction in any Tax Liability
(including any interest with respect thereto) relating to the Company or any
Subsidiary for any taxable period shall be the property of Parent.   (i)
Any Conveyance Taxes payable in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be borne by Parent; provided that the Representative
shall execute and deliver all instruments and certificates necessary to
enable Parent to comply with the foregoing.   (j) All payments payable under
any Tax sharing agreement (or other similar arrangement) between GFI (or any
Affiliate thereof) and the Company (or any Subsidiary) shall be calculated on
a basis consistent with past practice and shall be payable in full prior to
the Closing Date. Any such agreement or arrangement between GFI (or any
Affiliate thereof) and the Company (or any Subsidiary) shall be terminated
prior to the Closing Date.   (k) GFI and Parent agree to treat all payments
made by either of them to or for the benefit of the other (including any
payments to the Company or any Subsidiary) under any indemnity provision of
this Agreement and for any misrepresentations or breaches of warranties or
covenants as adjustments to the Merger Consideration for Tax purposes and
that such treatment shall govern for purposes hereof except to the extent
that any applicable Tax Law   48    would not permit such treatment, in
which case such payments shall be made in an amount sufficient to indemnify
the relevant party on an after-Tax basis to the extent provided by Section
9.09 hereof.   (l) Except with respect to any action required to be taken
by the Parent or any Affiliate thereof under applicable Tax Law, neither the
Parent nor any Affiliate thereof shall take or allow to be taken any
action to contact a taxing authority regarding any Tax reporting position of
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in respect of a Pre-Closing
Period or Straddle Period the effect of which is to accelerate the making of
any claim, the commencement of any audit or other inquiry by a taxing
authority or the payment of (or increase in the amount of) any Excluded Tax.
If Parent or any Affiliate thereof takes or causes to be taken any such
action, the indemnity provided in this Article IX shall be void solely with
respect to any associated payment of (or increase in) Excluded Taxes;
provided, that the participation by (or the representation) of the Parent or
any Affiliate thereof in a Tax audit, examination or other proceeding shall
have no effect on the Parent\'s right to indemnification under this Section
9.12.   (m) Unless required by applicable Tax Law or after receipt of the
written consent of the Representative, neither the Parent nor any Affiliate
thereof shall amend any Pre-Closing Period Tax Return or Straddle Period Tax
Return of the Company or any Subsidiary, and, if the Parent or such Affiliate
amends any such Tax Return, the indemnity provided in this Article IX shall
be void solely with respect to any associated payment of (or increase
in) Excluded Taxes.   (n) With respect to Tax matters, nothing in
this Article IX or elsewhere in this Agreement shall require a party to
reimburse another party more than once for the same Tax benefit or to
indemnify a party more than once for the same Tax Liability.   Section 9.13
Stockholder Representative. In connection with this Agreement, GFI, as
stockholder representative (the "Representative"), shall have exclusive power
and authority with respect to any action taken pursuant to this Agreement
(including, without limitation, with respect to indemnification claims,
waivers and the Merger Consideration adjustment) and the Parent Indemnified
Parties shall be entitled to rely on such actions of GFI.   ARTICLE X  
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS   Section 10.01 Notices. All notices, requests,
claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by
delivery in person, by telecopy or by registered or certified mail (postage
prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a
notice given in accordance with this Section 10.01):   49     (a) If to
Parent or Merger Sub:   Dycom Industries, Inc.  First Union Center  Suite
500  4440 PGA Boulevard  Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410  Facsimile: 
Attention: Mike Miller, Esq.   With a copy to:   Shearman and Sterling LLP 
599 Lexington Avenue  New York, New York 10022  Facsimile: (212) 848-7179 
Attention: Stephen M. Besen, Esq.   (b) If to GFI, the Representative or the
Company:   GFI Energy Ventures LLC  11611 San Vicente Blvd.  Suite 710 
Los Angeles, CA 90047  Facsimile: (310) 442-0540  Attention: Ian
Schapiro   With a copy to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP 
310 S. Grand Avenue  Suite 3400  Los Angeles, CA 90071  Facsimile: (213)
687-5600  Attention: Jeffrey H. Cohen, Esq.   Section 10.02 Certain
Definitions.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement and the
Company Disclosure Schedule:   50     "2003 Tax Liability" means the
aggregate Tax Liabilities that are unpaid as of the Closing Date and
otherwise constitute Excluded Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries for
any tax period beginning on or after January 1, 2003 and ending on or before
the Closing Date and for any Pre-Closing Straddle Period.   "Accounts
Receivable" means any and all accounts receivable, notes and other amounts
receivable from third parties, including, without limitation, customers and
employees, arising from the conduct of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.   "Additional Merger Consideration" has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.06(e)(i).   "Adjustment Escrow Amount" equals $500,000.  
"Affiliate(s)" of a specified person means a person who, directly or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with, such specified person.   "Affiliated Group"
means any consolidated, affiliated, combined or unitary group of companies or
corporations for federal, state, local or foreign Tax purposes with respect
to which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been a member.  
"Aggregate Fully-Diluted Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.02 (b).   "Aggregate Option Exercise Price" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.02(b).   "Applicable Percentage" of any Stockholder
or Optionholder, as the case may be, means the quotient (expressed as a
percentage) of (i) the amount such holder is entitled to receive pursuant to
Section 2.04 or 2.03, as the case may be, over (ii) the Merger
Consideration.   "Business Day" means any day on which banks are not
required or authorized to close in the City of New York.   "Capital Source
Credit Agreement" means the Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security
Agreement, among the Company, UtiliQuest, LLC, Underground Technology
Incorporated and Capital Source Finance LLC, dated as of December 6,
2002.   "Closing Date Debt" means (i) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness
of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including any current
portion) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time plus (ii) all
accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus (iii) the aggregate amount of
premiums, prepayment penalties, make-wholes or similar amounts payable in  
51    connection with the payment or redemption of such Indebtedness,
including any fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith.   "Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended through the date
hereof.   "Company Common Stock" means the shares of common stock, $0.001
par value per share, of the Company.   "Company IP Agreements" means (a)
licenses or assignments of Intellectual Property by the Company to any third
party, (b) licenses or assignments of Intellectual Property by any third
party to the Company, (c) agreements between the Company and any third party
relating to the development or use of Intellectual Property, the development
or transmission of data, or the use, modification, framing, linking,
advertisement or other practices with respect to Internet web sites, and (d)
consents, settlements, decrees, orders, injunctions, judgments or rulings
governing the use, validity or enforceability of Owned Intellectual
Property.   "Company Stock Option Plan" means the UtiliQuest Holdings Corp.
2001 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan.   "Consolidated Tax Group" shall mean any
affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return within the
meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Code or any similar state, local or foreign
Tax Law.   "control" (including the terms "controlled by" and "under common
control with") means the possession, directly or indirectly, or as trustee or
executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, as
trustee or executor, by contract or credit arrangement or otherwise.  
"Conveyance Taxes" means sales, use, value added, transfer, stamp, share,
stock transfer, real property transfer or gains and other similar Taxes.  
"Encumbrance" means any security interest, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage,
lien (including, without limitation, environmental and Tax liens), charge,
encumbrance, right of first refusal, option, servient easement, adverse
claim, reversion reverter, including, without limitation, any restriction on
the use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or other exercise of any
attributes of ownership.   "Environmental Law" means any applicable United
States federal, state or local or non-United States laws relating to (i)
releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Substances or materials
containing Hazardous Substances; (ii) the manufacture, handling, transport,
use, treatment, storage or disposal of Hazardous Substances or materials
containing Hazardous Substances; or (iii) pollution or protection of the
environment, human health or natural resources.   52     "Escrow
Accounts" means the Adjustment Escrow Account and the Indemnity Escrow
Account.   "Excluded Taxes" means after taking into account with respect to
Income Taxes the deemed utilization of any net operating loss carrybacks
or carryforwards of the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, as of
the Closing Date and unreduced by the Parent\'s or any Affiliate of
Parent\'s, including the Company or any Subsidiary, use of such net operating
losses, (i) Taxes imposed on or payable by the Company or any Subsidiary for
any Pre-Closing Period Tax Return or Pre-Closing Straddle Period and (ii)
Taxes imposed on Parent or the Company as a result of any breach of warranty
or representation relating to Taxes, or breach by GFI of any covenant
relating to Taxes; provided, however, that Excluded Taxes shall not include
Taxes relating to the absence or loss, in each case in whole or in part, of
any Tax attribute, including, but not limited to, any net operating loss of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
such Taxes described in clause (i) or (ii) of the preceding sentence shall be
treated as Excluded Taxes only to the extent that such Taxes exceed the
amount, if any, specifically reserved for Taxes (excluding any reserve for
deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax
income) on the face of the Final Closing Working Capital.   "Expenses"
shall include all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including, without
limitation, all fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, investment
bankers, experts and consultants to a party) incurred by a party or on its
behalf in connection with or related to the authorization,
preparation, negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement, the
solicitation of stockholder approvals, the filing of any required notices
under the HSR Act or other similar regulations and all other matters related
to the closing of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   "Gerblick Notes" means Promissory Note A and Promissory
Note B.   "Hazardous Substances" means (i) those substances defined in or
regulated under the following United States federal statutes and their
state counterparts, as each may be amended from time to time, and all
regulations thereunder: the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe
Drinking Water Act, the Atomic Energy Act, the Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Clean Air Act, (ii) petroleum and
petroleum products, including crude oil and any fractions thereof, (iii)
natural gas, synthetic gas, and any mixtures thereof, (iv) polychlorinated
biphenyls, asbestos and radon, and (v) any contaminant, substance, material
or waste regulated by any Governmental Authority pursuant to any
Environmental Law.   "Income Taxes" means Excluded Taxes imposed on or
measured by income or capital gain.   53     "Indebtedness" means, with
respect to any Person, (i) all indebtedness for borrowed money or for the
deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in
accordance with customary practices), (ii) any other indebtedness that is
evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (iii) all
liabilities secured by any Encumbrances on any property, (iv) all obligations
of such Person as lessee under leases that have been or should be, in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (v) all obligations,
contingent or otherwise, of such Person under acceptance, letter of credit or
similar facilities other than performance bonds or letters of
credit supporting insurance policies or programs and (vi) all guarantee
obligations; provided, that guarantee obligations entered into, or collateral
posted in connection with insurance policies or performance bonds, shall be
deemed not to constitute Indebtedness.   "Indemnity Escrow Account" means
that account with the Escrow Agent into which the Indemnity Escrow Amount is
deposited in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   "Indemnity
Escrow Amount" equals $10,000,000.   "Intellectual Property" means (i)
United States, non-United States and international patents, patent
applications and statutory invention registrations, (ii) trademarks, service
marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, corporate names and other identifiers
of source or goodwill, and registrations and applications for registration
thereof, (iii) copyrightable works, copyrights, and registrations and
applications for registration thereof, and (iv) confidential and proprietary
information, including trade secrets, know-how and invention rights.  
"Inventory" means all stock in trade, merchandise, goods, supplies and other
products, raw materials, work-in-process and finished products related
primarily to the business, together with all rights against suppliers of such
inventories (including claims receivable for rejected inventory), and all
prepayments and amounts paid on deposit with respect to the same (including
any of the foregoing owned by the Company but at metered customer locations
or in the possession of manufacturers, suppliers or dealers or in transit or
returned goods).   "Knowledge of the Company" means the actual knowledge of
the persons listed on Schedule I hereto or the Knowledge such persons would
have had after reasonable inquiry of the persons responsible for the
applicable area.   "Liabilities" means any and all debts, liabilities
and obligations, whether accrued or fixed, absolute or contingent, matured
or unmatured or determined or determinable, including, without limitation,
those arising under any Law, Action or Order and those arising under any
contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment or undertaking.   "Licensed
Intellectual Property" means Intellectual Property licensed to the Company
pursuant to a Company IP Agreement.   54     "Material Adverse Effect"
means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition,
assets, liabilities or results of operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of the Company to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided,
however, that none of the following shall be considered a Material Adverse
Effect: (i) changes in general economic conditions,(ii) any changes generally
affecting the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate,
or (iii) the execution of this Agreement, the public announcement of the
transactions contemplated hereby or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   "Merger Consideration" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.02(a).   "Non-Income Taxes" means any Excluded Taxes other than
Income Taxes.   "Owned Intellectual Property" means Intellectual
Property owned by the Company.   "Person" means an individual, corporation,
partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, syndicate,
person (including, without limitation, a "person" as defined in Section
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), trust, association or entity or government,
political subdivision, agency or instrumentality of a government.   "Per
Share Merger Consideration" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.02(b).   "Promissory Note A" means the promissory note, dated
September 27, 2002, in favor of the James G. Gerblick Trust in the original
principal amount of $3 million, together with interest in arrears on the
unpaid principal balance at an annual rate of 6%, which is due on the third
anniversary of its issuance, as such is amended (or the obligations
thereunder are revised) pursuant to the Settlement Agreement and Mutual
Release.   "Promissory Note B" means the promissory note, dated
September 27, 2002, in favor of the James G. Gerblick Trust in the amount of
$3.6 million, together with interest in arrears on the unpaid principal
balance at an annual rate of 6%, which is due on the fifth anniversary of its
issuance.   "Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release" means the
agreement to be entered into among UtiliQuest Holdings Corp., James G.
Gerblick, and The James G. Gerblick Trust, amending the terms of (or revising
the obligations under) Promissory Note A and releasing certain claims against
James G. Gerblick and the James G. Gerblick Trust.   "Straddle Period"
shall mean any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date and ending
after the Closing Date.   55     "Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" means
any person controlled by the Company, directly or indirectly, through one or
more intermediaries.   "Targeted Working Capital" equals $800,000.   "Tax"
or "Taxes" means (i) any and all taxes, fees, levies, duties, tariffs,
imposts, and other similar charges of any kind (together with any and all
interest, penalties, additions to tax and additional amounts imposed with
respect thereto) imposed by any government or taxing authority,
including taxes or other charges on or with respect to income, franchises,
windfall or other profits, gross receipts, property, sales, use, share
capital, capital stock, payroll, employment, social security, workers\'
compensation, unemployment compensation, or net worth; taxes or other charges
in the nature of excise, withholding, ad valorem, stamp, transfer, value
added, or gains taxes; (ii) any liability for the payment of any Tax as a
result of membership in any Affiliated Group and (iii) any transferee or
secondary liability in respect of any Tax (whether imposed by Law or
contractual arrangement).   "Tax Returns" means any return, declaration,
report, election, claim for refund or information return or other statement
or form relating to, filed or required to be filed with any taxing authority,
including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment
thereof.   "U.S. GAAP" means United States generally accepted
accounting principles and practices in effect from time to time applied
consistently throughout the periods involved.   "Working Capital" means the
consolidated net current assets (including current assets relating to tax
refunds and cash and deposits to the extent not applied to reduce
Indebtedness prior to the Closing) less the consolidated net current
liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries, plus all cash used by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to support insurance programs or policies
or performance bonds regardless of the GAAP characterization of such cash,
excluding (i) the current portion of any Indebtedness to the extent included
in Closing Date Debt, (ii) any accrued but unpaid management fees, (iii) any
interest accrued or fees payable on Indebtedness to the extent included in
Closing Date Debt and (iv) any deferred taxes shown on the Closing Balance
Sheet but including as a fixed amount (not subject to adjustment) $7,764,000
of deferred taxes as a current asset, all, except as otherwise provided
above, as determined in accordance with GAAP and applied in a manner
consistent with the Company\'s past practice.   (c) The following terms have
the meaning set forth in the Sections set forth below:   56      
Defined Term Location of Definition  ------------ ----------------------  ~~
 AAA........................................................... Section
10.06  Action........................................................
Section 3.08  Agreement.....................................................
Preamble  Assignment Agreement..........................................
Section 6.07(a)  Business
Combination.......................................... Section
6.02  Byers......................................................... Section
6.07  Certificates.................................................. Section
2.04(a)  Certificate of Merger.........................................
Section 1.02  Closing.......................................................
Section 1.02  Closing Balance Sheet.........................................
Section 2.06(a)  Closing
Date.................................................. Section 1.02  Closing
Expenses.............................................. Section
8.03(a)  Closing Financial Data........................................
Section 2.06(b)  Closing Working
Capital....................................... Section
2.06(a)  Company.......................................................
Preamble  Company Disclosure Schedule...................................
Article III  Confidentiality Agreement.....................................
Section
6.01(b)  DGCL..........................................................
Recitals  Dispute.......................................................
Section 10.06(a)  Dissenting
Shares............................................. Section 2.10  Effective
Time................................................ Section 1.02   
57       Defined Term Location of Definition  ------------
----------------------  ~~
 Enron......................................................... Section
6.07  Environmental Permits......................................... Section
3.18(a)  ERISA.........................................................
Section 3.12(a)  Escrow
Agent.................................................. Recitals  Escrow
Agreement.............................................. Recitals  Estimated
Balance Sheet....................................... Section
2.06(a)  Estimated Working Capital.....................................
Section 2.06(a)  Expiration
Date............................................... Section
9.01(a)  Financial Statements..........................................
Section
3.09(a)(i)  GFI...........................................................
Preamble  Governmental Authority........................................
Section 3.06(b)  HSR
Act....................................................... Section
3.06(b)  Indemnified Party.............................................
Section 9.05  Indemnifying Party............................................
Section 9.05  Interim Financial Statements..................................
Section
3.09(a)(ii)  JEDI..........................................................
Section 6.07  Law...........................................................
Section 3.06(a)  Lease
Documents............................................... Section
3.15(b)  Liens.........................................................
Section
3.15(a)  Loss..........................................................
Section 9.02  Losses........................................................
Section 9.02    58       Defined Term Location of Definition 
------------ ----------------------  ~~  Material
Contracts............................................ Section
3.21(a)  Merger........................................................
Recitals  Merger Payment................................................
Section 2.04(a)  Merger
Sub.................................................... Preamble  Neutral
Auditor............................................... Section 2.06(d)  New
York Courts............................................... Section
10.06(e)  Optionholders.................................................
Section 2.03  Option........................................................
Section 2.03  Order.........................................................
Section 7.01(b)  Organizational
Documents...................................... Section
3.03  Parent........................................................
Preamble  Parent Indemnified Parties....................................
Section 9.02  Parent\'s
Representatives...................................... Section
6.01(a)(i)  Permits.......................................................
Section 3.07  Permitted Liens...............................................
Section 3.15(a)  Per Share Merger Consideration
Certificate.................... Section
2.05  Plans......................................................... Section
3.12(a)  Power Fund....................................................
Section 6.07  Pre-Closing Periods...........................................
Section 9.12(a)  Pre-Closing Period Tax
Returns................................ Section 9.12(a)  Pre-Closing
Straddle Period................................... Section 9.12(c)   
59       Defined Term Location of Definition  ------------
----------------------  ~~  Press
Release................................................. Section
6.05  Related Party Transaction..................................... Section
3.23  Representatives............................................... Section
6.02  Resolution Period............................................. Section
2.06(c)  Robertson.....................................................
Section 6.07  Rules.........................................................
Section 10.06(a)  Seller
Parties................................................ Section
6.07  Settlement Agreement.......................................... Section
6.07  Shares........................................................ Section
2.01(a)  Stockholder...................................................
Section 2.01(a)  Stockholder Indemnified
Parties............................... Section 9.03  Surviving
Corporation......................................... Section 1.01  Third
Party Claims............................................ Section
9.05(b)  Trutta........................................................
Section 6.07  UPA...........................................................
Section 6.07  UQ Acquisition Claims.........................................
Section 6.07  UQ Escrow Agreement...........................................
Section 6.07  WARN..........................................................
Section 3.12(h)(i)    Section 10.03 Severability. If any term or other
provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
party. Upon such determination that any term or other   60    provision
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original
intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner
in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated
as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.   Section 10.04
Entire Agreement; Assignment. This Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the
Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements
and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them,
with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall not be
assigned, except that Parent and Merger Sub may assign all or any of their
rights and obligations hereunder to any Affiliate of Parent, provided that no
such assignment shall relieve Parent of its obligations hereunder if such
assignee does not perform such obligations.   Section 10.05 Parties in
Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the
benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person any right,
benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement.   Section 10.06 Arbitration; Legal Proceedings.   (a)
Submission of Controversy to Arbitration. Except as provided in Section 2.06
and 9.12, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to
this Agreement, including the breach, termination or validity thereof and the
arbitrability of any claim thereunder (a "Dispute"), shall be settled by
final and binding arbitration in the Borough of Manhattan of the City of New
York, under the then-effective Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association ("AAA"), (the "Rules") as modified by this Agreement.
Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and
binding on the parties. There shall be one arbitrator who shall be appointed
by the parties within twenty (20) days of receipt by the respondent(s) of the
demand for arbitration. If the parties are unable to timely agree on
one arbitrator, they shall ask the AAA to appoint one in accordance with
the listing, striking and ranking procedure in the Rules and such appointment
shall be binding on the parties. Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall
act and be treated as one party for all purposes in any arbitration,
including selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall have the
authority to award any remedy or relief that a court in the State of New York
could order or grant, including specific performance of any obligation
created under this Agreement, the issuance of an injunction or other
provisional relief, or the imposition of sanctions for abuse or frustration
of the arbitration process. The arbitral tribunal shall apply the law of the
state of New York in deciding the merits of any Dispute. The arbitration
award will be in writing.   (b) Arbitration to Be Expeditious. It is the
intent of the parties that any arbitration shall be concluded as quickly as
reasonably practicable. Unless the parties otherwise   61    agree,
once commenced, the hearing on the disputed matters shall be held four (4)
days a week until concluded, with each hearing date to begin at 9:00 a.m. and
to conclude at 5:00 p.m. The arbitrator shall use all reasonable efforts
to issue the final award or awards within a period of five (5) Business Days
after closure of the proceedings. Failure of the arbitrator to meet the time
limits of this Section 10.6 shall not be a basis for challenging the
award.   (c) Discovery and Certain Evidentiary Matters. Consistent with the
expedited nature of arbitration, each party will, upon the timely written
request of the other party, promptly provide the other with copies of
documents relevant to the issues raised by any claim or counterclaim. Upon
the timely request of a party, the arbitrator shall have the discretion
to order examination by deposition of witnesses to the extent the arbitrator
deems such discovery relevant and appropriate. In considering the
relevancy, materiality, and admissibility of evidence, the arbitrators shall
take into account, among other things, applicable principles of legal
privilege, including the attorney-client privilege, the work product
doctrine, and the self-evaluative privilege, and appropriate protection of
confidential information.   (d) Costs of Arbitration. The parties shall
share equally the fees and expenses of the arbitrator.   (e) Jurisdiction
and Process. Each party hereto hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of any New York federal court in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York
and if the court lacks jurisdiction over such proceeding, to the exclusive
jurisdiction of any New York state court in the Borough of Manhattan, City of
New York (collectively, the "New York Courts"), for the purpose of an order
to compel arbitration and for provisional remedies or other relief in aid of
arbitration, and to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for
the enforcement of any award issued hereunder. Each party hereby submits to
personal jurisdiction in the New York Courts and irrevocably waives any
objection as to venue therein, and further agrees not to plead or claim in
any such court that any such proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient
forum.   Section 10.07 Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this
Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the
parties shall be entitled to seek specific performance of the terms hereof,
in addition to any other remedy at law or equity.   Section 10.08
Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except (a) by an
instrument in writing signed by, or on behalf of, Parent, the Company and GFI
or (b) by a waiver in accordance with Section 10.08.   Section 10.09 Waiver.
Any party hereto may (a) extend the time for the performance of any
obligations or other acts of any other party hereto, (b) waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of any other party hereto
contained herein or in any document delivered by such other party pursuant
hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of   62    the agreements of any
other party hereto or conditions to such party\'s obligations contained
herein. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed by the party to be bound thereby. Any waiver of
any term or condition shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent
breach or a subsequent waiver of the same term or condition, or a waiver of
any other term or condition of this Agreement. The failure of any party to
assert any of its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of any such
rights.   Section 10.10 Headings. The descriptive headings contained
in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall
not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  
Section 10.11 Pronouns. Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used
in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or
neuter forms, and the singular form of the nouns and pronouns shall include
the plural and vice versa.   Section 10.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or
more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement.   [REST OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]   63     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub, the Company and GFI have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized.   DYCOM INDUSTRIES, INC.  
By: /s/ Steven Nielsen  -----------------------------------------  Name:
Steven Nielsen  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer   UTILIQUEST
ACQUISITION CORP.   By: /s/ Steven Nielsen 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Steven Nielsen  Title:
President   UTILIQUEST HOLDINGS CORP.   By: /s/ Rob Karam 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Rob Karam  Title: Vice
President   OCM/GFI POWER OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.   (in its own capacity
and as Representative)   By: GFI Energy Ventures LLC, its Co-General 
Partner   64     By: /s/ Ian Schapiro  ------------------------------ 
Name: Ian Schapiro  Title: Principal   65    '

