 EXHIBIT 2     Exhibit 2   AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   by and between   NATIONAL CITY CORPORATION   and  
FIDELITY BANKSHARES, INC.   dated as of July 26, 2006     AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of July 26,
2006 (this "Agreement"), is made by and between National City Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("National City"), and Fidelity Bankshares, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Fidelity"). National City and Fidelity are sometimes
referred to herein collectively, as "Parties", and each, as a "Party".  
WHEREAS, National City and Fidelity have each determined that it is in
the best interests of their respective stockholders for Fidelity to merge
with and into National City (the "Merger") with National City the surviving
corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement;   WHEREAS, the respective boards of directors of National City
and Fidelity have each approved this Agreement and the Merger and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and have approved the
execution and delivery of this Agreement; and   WHEREAS, for Federal income
tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a
reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and that this Agreement be and hereby
is adopted as a "plan of reorganization" within the meaning of Sections 354
and 361 of the Code.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
premises and the representations, warranties and agreements contained herein,
the Parties hereby agree as follows:   I. DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION  
1.1 Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, in addition to
the terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms shall have the
following meanings ascribed to them in this Section 1.1:   "Action" means
any claim, action, suit, arbitration, inquiry, hearing,  investigation or
proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority.   "Adjustment Price"
means $25.88.   "Affiliate" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule
12b-2 of the  General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, as in
effect on the  date hereof.   "Aggregate Merger Consideration" is the sum
of (i) the product of (A)  the Fidelity Conversion Shares multiplied by (B)
$39.50 plus (ii) the  product of (A) the Fidelity Conversion Shares
multiplied by (B) the Stock  Exchange Ratio multiplied by (C) the Market
Price.   "Appraisal Rights" are those rights granted pursuant to Section 262
of  the DGCL.   "Associate" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule
12b-2 of the  General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, as in
effect on the  date hereof.    1     "BHCA" means the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended through  the date hereof.   "Business Day"
means any day excluding Saturdays, Sundays and any  other days on which The
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland is closed.   "Cash Exchange Ratio" means
$39.50, except if the Market Price falls  below the Adjustment Price, the
Cash Exchange Ratio shall be calculated as  follows:   Aggregate Merger
Consideration-(Stock Conversion Shares x  StockExchange Ratio x Market
Price)  ---------------------------------------------------------  (2 x
Fidelity Conversion Shares)-Stock Conversion Shares   "Claim" shall mean a
claim, demand, assessment, Governmental Order,  Action or settlement
involving an Indemnifiable Loss.   "Commission" means the United States
Securities and Exchange  Commission.   "Confidentiality Agreement" means
the letter agreement dated June 23,  2006 between National City and
Fidelity.   "Control" (including the term "controlled by" and "under
common  control with") means the possession, directly or indirectly or as
trustee  or executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of stock, 
as trustee or executor, by contract or credit arrangement or otherwise.  
"DGCL" means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.  
"Disclosure Letters" means the Fidelity Disclosure Letter and the  National
City Disclosure Letter, collectively.   "Dissenting Shares" means shares of
Fidelity Common Stock the holders  of which have perfected and not withdrawn
or lost their right to dissent  with respect to the shares pursuant to
Section 262 of the DGCL.   "Environmental Law" means any Law relating to (i)
the health,  protection, preservation, containment or restoration of the
environment  including, without limitation, air, water vapor, surface
water,  groundwater, drinking water supply, surface soil, subsurface soil, 
wetlands, plant and animal life or any other natural resource,  conservation,
and/or (ii) the use, storage, recycling, treatment,  generation,
transportation, processing, handling, labeling, production,  release or
disposal of Hazardous Substances. The term Environmental Law  includes,
without limitation, (x) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation and Liability Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et  seq.;
the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. 
9601(2)(D); the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, 42 
U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq.; the Clean Air Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 
Section 7401, et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended 
by the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251, et seq.; the Toxic 
Substances Control Act, as amended, 15 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq.; the 
Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know Act, 42    2     U.S.C.
Section 11001, et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C.  Section 300f,
et seq.; and all comparable state and local Laws respecting  the
interpretation or enforcement of same and (y) any common law (including 
without limitation common law that may impose strict liability) that may 
impose liability for injuries or damages due to the release of any  Hazardous
Substance.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as  amended through the date hereof.   "Exchange Act" means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended  through the date hereof and the
rules and regulations promulgated  thereunder.   "Federal Approval Date"
means the day the FRB issues an order  approving consummation of the
Merger.   "Fidelity Common Stock" means the common stock, par value $.10
per  share, of Fidelity.   "Fidelity Conversion Shares" means the quotient
resulting from  dividing (i) the difference of (A) the number of issued and
outstanding  shares of Fidelity Common Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time  less (B) the number of shares cancelled or retired pursuant
to Section  3.1(a)(ii) of this Agreement divided by (ii) two (2).  
"Fidelity Disclosure Letter" means a letter delivered by Fidelity to 
National City on or before the execution and delivery of this Agreement 
setting forth, among other things, items the disclosure of which is  required
under this Agreement, either in response to an express disclosure 
requirement contained in a provision of this Agreement or as an exception  to
one or more of the representations, warranties or covenants of Fidelity 
contained in this Agreement. The Fidelity Disclosure Letter is arranged in  a
format in which the disclosures made therein are arranged in paragraphs  or
sections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections and  subsections
of this Agreement. The matters expressly disclosed in the  Fidelity
Disclosure Letter shall be deemed to be disclosed for all purposes 
thereunder, so long as such disclosure contains sufficient factual detail  to
render its relevance to such other purposes readily apparent. The  inclusion
of any matter in the Fidelity Disclosure Letter shall not be  deemed an
admission or otherwise to imply that any such matter is material  for
purposes of this Agreement.   "Fidelity Federal Bank and Trust" means Fidelity
Federal Bank and Trust, a  federally chartered savings bank and a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Fidelity.   "FRB" means the Federal Reserve Board.  
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any United States federal, state or  local
government, governmental, regulatory or administrative authority,  agency,
panel instrumentality, political subdivision, branch, department,  official,
entity or commission, (ii) any court, tribunal, or judicial or  arbitral body
or (iii) governmental or quasi-governmental body exercising,  or entitled to
exercise, any administrative, executive,    3     judicial,
legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power of  any nature
pertaining to government.   "Governmental Order" means any order, writ,
judgment, injunction,  decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by
or with any  Governmental Authority.   "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of  1976, as amended through the date
hereof, and the rules and regulations  thereunder.   "Hazardous Substance"
means (i) any hazardous wastes, toxic chemicals,  materials, substances or
wastes as defined by or for the purposes of any  Environmental Law; (ii) any
"oil," as defined by the Clean Water Act, as  amended from time to time, and
regulations promulgated thereunder  (including crude oil or any fraction
thereof and any petroleum products or  derivatives thereof); (iii) any
substance, the presence of which is  prohibited, regulated or controlled by
any applicable federal, state or  local Laws, regulations, statutes or
ordinances now in force or hereafter  enacted relating to waste disposal or
environmental protection with respect  to the exposure to, or manufacture,
possession, presence, use, generation,  storage, transportation, treatment,
release, emission, discharge, disposal,  abatement, cleanup, removal,
remediation or handling of any such substance;  (iv) any asbestos or
asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated  biphenyls (PCBs) in the form
of electrical equipment, fluorescent light  fixtures with ballasts, cooling
oils or any other form, urea formaldehyde,  atmospheric radon; (v) any solid,
liquid, gaseous or thermal irritant or  contaminant, such as smoke, vapor,
soot, fumes, alkalis, acids, chemicals,  pesticides, herbicides, sewage,
industrial sludge or other similar wastes;  (vi) industrial, nuclear or
medical by-products; (vi) any lead based paint  or coating and (viii) any
underground storage tank(s).   "HOLA" means the Home Owners\' Loan Act of
1933, as amended through the  date hereof.   "Indemnifiable Loss" means any
and all costs, damages, disbursements,  obligations, penalties, liabilities,
losses, expenses, assessments,  judgments, settlements or deficiencies
(including any interest, penalties,  investigation, legal, accounting and
other costs and expenses reasonably  incurred in the investigation,
collection, prosecution and defense of any  action and amounts paid in
settlement), actually paid or incurred by a DandO;  Indemnitee, as applicable;
provided, however, Indemnifiable Loss shall not  include special or
consequential damages and exemplary or punitive damages.   "IRS" means the
United States Internal Revenue Service.   "Knowledge of Fidelity" means the
actual knowledge, after reasonable  due inquiry, of the Persons identified in
Section 1.1 of the Fidelity  Disclosure Letter.   "Knowledge of National
City" means the actual knowledge, after  reasonable due inquiry, of the
Persons identified in Section 1.1 of the  National City Disclosure
Letter.   "Law" means any United States federal, state, local statute,
law,  ordinance, regulation, rule, code, Governmental Order, license,
permit,  authorization, approval,    4     consent, agreement, or
requirement enacted, adopted, issued or promulgated  by any Governmental
Authority.   "Loan Portfolio Properties, Trust Properties and Other
Properties"  means any real property, interest in real property,
improvements,  appurtenances, rights and personal property attendant thereto,
which is  owned, leased as a landlord or a tenant, licensed as a licensor
or  licensee, managed or operated or upon which is held a mortgage, deed of 
trust, deed to secure debt or other security interest by National City or 
Fidelity, as the case may be, or any of their Subsidiaries whether  directly,
as an agent, as trustee or other fiduciary or otherwise.   "Market Price"
means the average of the per share closing price of the  National City Common
Stock on the New York Stock Exchange (as reported by  The Wall Street
Journal) for the five (5) trading-day period ending on the  Business Day
before the date of the Effective Time (for the sake of  clarity, such fifth
(5th) Business Day shall be considered the last full  trading day included
within the valuation period). The Market Price shall  be calculated to the
nearest one-hundredth of one cent.   "Material Adverse Effect" means, with
respect to a Party, any event,  occurrence or effect that (i) has a material
negative impact on the  financial condition, business or results of
operations of the Party and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as
set forth in Section 1.1 of the  National City Disclosure Letter, or (ii)
would materially impair the  ability of the Party to perform its obligations
under this Agreement or to  consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
on a timely basis;  provided, however, that in determining whether a Material
Adverse Effect  has occurred there shall be excluded (with respect to each of
clause (A),  (B), (C) or (D), to the extent that the effect of a change on it
is not  materially different than on comparable U.S. banking or financial
services  organizations) any effect to the extent attributable to or
resulting from  (A) any changes in Laws or interpretations of Laws generally
affecting U.S.  banking or financial services organizations, (B) any change
in U.S. GAAP or  regulatory accounting requirements, generally affecting U.S.
banking or  financial services organizations, but not uniquely relating to
the Party,  (C) events, conditions or trends in economic, business or
financial  conditions generally or affecting U.S. banking or financial
services  organizations specifically (including changes in interest rates and
changes  in the markets for securities), (D) changes in national or
international  political or social conditions including the engagement by the
United  States in hostilities, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of
a  national emergency or war, or the occurrence of any military or
terrorist  attack upon or within the United States, or any of its
territories,  possessions or diplomatic or consular offices or upon any
military  installation, equipment or personnel of the United States, and (E)
actions  or omissions of the Party taken with the prior written consent of
the other  Party in contemplation of the transactions contemplated hereby;
and  provided further, the effect of any action taken by Fidelity solely 
pursuant to Section 6.2(f) below shall not be taken into consideration in 
determining whether any Material Adverse Effect has occurred.   "National
City Common Stock" means the common stock, par value $4.00  per share, of
National City.    5     "National City Disclosure Letter" means a
letter delivered by National  City to Fidelity on or before the execution and
delivery of this Agreement  setting forth, among other things, items the
disclosure of which is  required under this Agreement, either in response to
an express disclosure  requirement contained in a provision of this Agreement
or as an exception  to one or more of the representations, warranties or
covenants of National  City contained in this Agreement. The National City
Disclosure Letter is  arranged in a format in which the disclosures made
therein are arranged in  paragraphs or sections corresponding to the numbered
and lettered sections  and subsections of this Agreement. The matters
expressly disclosed in the  National City Disclosure Letter shall be deemed
to be disclosed for all  purposes thereunder, so long as such disclosure
contains sufficient factual  detail to render its relevance to such other
purposes readily apparent. The  inclusion of any matter in the National City
Disclosure Letter shall not be  deemed an admission or otherwise to imply
that any such matter is material  for purposes of this Agreement.  
"National City Non-Contributory Retirement Plan" means the National  City
Corporation Non-Contributory Retirement Plan, a tax-qualified defined 
benefit plan.   "National City Severance Benefit Plan" means the National
City  Corporation Severance Benefit Plan.   "OTS" means the Office of
Thrift Supervision.   "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation.   "Person" is to be interpreted broadly to include any
Governmental  Authority, bank, savings association, joint-stock company,
individual,  partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company,
association,  trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, as well as
any  syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a person under Section 
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act.   "Sarbanes-Oxley Act" means the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002 and the  rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
"SBIA" means the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended  through
the date hereof, and the rules and regulations promulgated  thereunder.  
"Secretary of State of Delaware" means the Secretary of State for the  State
of Delaware.   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
through  the date hereof, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.   "Stock Conversion Shares" means Fidelity Conversion Shares,
except if  the Market Price falls below the Adjustment Price, Stock
Conversion Shares  shall be calculated as follows:   ((42% x Aggregate
Merger Consideration) / the Market Price) 
-----------------------------------------------------------  Stock Exchange
Ratio    6    "Stock Exchange Ratio" means 1.0977.   "Subsidiary" and
"Significant Subsidiary" have the meanings ascribed  to those terms in Rule
1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC.   "Tax" or "Taxes" means any
and all federal, state, local, or foreign  income, payroll, gross receipts,
license, excise, severance, stamp,  occupation, premium, windfall profits,
environmental (including taxes under  Section 59A of the Code), capital
stock, franchise, profits, real property,  personal property, sales, use,
transfer, registration, value added,  alternative or add-on minimum,
estimated, or other tax of any kind  whatsoever, including any interest,
penalty, or addition thereto, whether  disputed or not.   "Tax Return"
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund,  or information
return or statement relating to Taxes (including, without  limitation,
returns for estimated and withholding Taxes), including any  schedule or
attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.   "U.S. GAAP" means
United States generally accepted accounting  principles and practices as in
effect at the date of the financial  statement to which it refers, and
applied consistently by a Person in the  preparation of such financial
statements throughout the periods involved if  and to the extent such
principles and practices are within United States  generally accepted
accounting principles in effect on the date of the  relevant financial
statement.   1.2 Other Terms. The following terms shall have the meanings
defined in the Preamble, Recital or Section indicated.    ~~  Acquisition
Transactions ............................................ 6.1 Agreement
...........................................................
Preamble Allocation Date
..................................................... 3.3 Benefit Agreements
.................................................. 4.10 Branch Lease
........................................................ 5.10 BSA
.................................................................
4.13(b) Cash Consideration ..................................................
3.1(a) Cash Election Shares ................................................
3.2(a) Closing Date ........................................................
7.1 Closing .............................................................
7.1 Code ................................................................
Recitals Consents
............................................................
8.1(c) Constituent Corporations ............................................
2.2 Continuing Employee .................................................
6.5(b) Covered Parties .....................................................
6.9(b) CRA .................................................................
4.13(b) DandO; Indemnitees
..................................................... 6.9(a) Delaware
Certificate of Merger ...................................... 2.2 Dissenting
Shares ................................................... 3.1(c) Dissenting
Stockholder .............................................. 3.1(c) DPC Shares
.......................................................... 3.1(a)    
7      ~~  Consents
............................................................ 8.1 Effective
Time ...................................................... 2.2 Election
Deadline ................................................... 3.2(c) Election
Form ....................................................... 3.2(b) Election
Form Record Date ........................................... 3.2(b) Eligible
Plans ...................................................... 6.5(d) Exchange
Agent ...................................................... 3.2(b) FDIA
................................................................
4.14 Fidelity ............................................................
Preamble Fidelity Contracts
.................................................. 5.10 Fidelity Employee
Plans ............................................. 5.9(a) Fidelity Insiders
................................................... 6.17 Fidelity Meeting
.................................................... 6.15 Fidelity Option
Plan ................................................ 3.5 Fidelity Option
..................................................... 3.5 Fidelity Reports
.................................................... 5.7(a) Fidelity
Unaudited Interim Financial Information .................... 5.7(b) Insurance
Expense Cap ............................................... 6.9(c) Insurance
Policies .................................................. 6.9(c) Jones Day
........................................................... 8.1(f) KBW
.................................................................
5.16 Landlord Consent ....................................................
5.10 Mailing Date ........................................................
3.2(b) Merger Consideration ................................................
3.1(a) Merger ..............................................................
Recitals Monthly Financial Information
....................................... 6.2(h) National City
....................................................... Preamble National
City Contracts ............................................. 4.10 National
City Employee Plans ........................................ 4.9 National
City Reports ............................................... 4.7(a) National
City Unaudited Interim Financial Information ............... 4.7(b) National
City Termination Fee ....................................... 9.2(b) No-
Election Shares .................................................. 3.2(a) Old
Certificates ....................................................
3.2(b) Optionee ............................................................
5.3 Owned Real Property .................................................
5.26(a) Party or Parties ....................................................
Preamble PBGC
................................................................ 4.9 Proxy
Statement ..................................................... 4.5 Real
Estate .........................................................
5.26(a) Registration Statement ..............................................
4.5 Shortfall Number ....................................................
3.3(c) State Entities ......................................................
4.6 Stock Consideration .................................................
3.1(a) Stock Election ......................................................
3.2(b) Stock Election Number ...............................................
3.2(a) Stock Election Shares ...............................................
3.2(a)     8      ~~  Surviving Corporation
............................................... 2.3 Trust Account Shares
................................................ 3.1(a) Unexercised Options
................................................. 3.5    1.3 Interpretation
and Rules of Construction. In this Agreement, except to the extent that the
context otherwise requires, (i) when a reference is made in this Agreement to
the Preamble, a Recital, Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such
reference is to the Preamble, Recital, Article or Section of, or an Exhibit
or a Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated, (ii)
the headings for this Agreement are for reference purposes only and do not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement, (iii)
whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they are deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation",
(iv) the words "hereof," "herein," "below," "above" or "hereunder" and words
of similar import, when used in this Agreement, refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, (v) all terms
defined in this Agreement have the defined meanings when used in any
certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto, unless
otherwise defined therein, (vi) the definitions contained in this Agreement
are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms,
(vii) any Law defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument
that is referred to herein means such Law or statute as from time to time
amended, modified or supplemented, including by succession of comparable
successor Laws, (viii) references to a Person are also to its permitted
successors and assigns, (ix) the use of "or" means "either or both" unless
expressly indicated otherwise, (x) unless otherwise specified in this
Agreement, all references to currency, monetary values and dollars set forth
herein shall mean United States (U.S.) dollars, (xi) references to "the date
of this Agreement" or "the date hereof" are to July 26, 2006,
(xii) references to any Governmental Authority include any successor to
that Governmental Authority and (xiii) references to the "transactions
contemplated hereby" includes the transactions provided in this Agreement and
the Exhibits or Schedules to it. The Parties acknowledge that each Party and
its counsel have reviewed and revised this Agreement and that no rule of
construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement
(including all Schedules and Exhibits and Disclosure Letters) or any
amendments, supplements or modifications hereto. No provision of this
Agreement is to be construed to require, directly or indirectly, any person
to take any action, or omit to take any action, to the extent such action or
omission would violate applicable Law (including statutory and common
law).   II. THE MERGER   2.1 Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Fidelity will be merged with and
into National City and the separate corporate existence of Fidelity will
thereupon cease in accordance with the applicable provisions of the DGCL.  
National City may at any time, upon prior written notice to Fidelity, change
the method of effecting the combination with Fidelity (including
without limitations the provisions of this Article II) if and to the extent
it deems such change to be desirable, including, without limitation, to
provide for a merger of Fidelity into a wholly-owned subsidiary of National
City; provided, however, that no such change shall (A) alter or change the
amount or kind of the Merger Consideration to be paid or issued to holders of
Fidelity Common Stock as provided for in this    9    Agreement, (B)
adversely affect the tax treatment of Fidelity\'s stockholders as a result of
receiving the Merger Consideration, (C) materially impede or delay the Merger
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (D)
relieve National City of any of its obligations hereunder.   2.2 Effective
Time. As soon as practicable after satisfaction or waiver of all conditions
to the Merger and immediately prior to the Closing, which shall occur at the
time set forth in Section 7.1 below, National City and Fidelity (sometimes
together referred to herein as the "Constituent Corporations") shall cause a
certificate of merger complying with the requirements of the DGCL
(the "Delaware Certificate of Merger") to be filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware. The Merger will become effective at the later
of the following to occur: (a) the filing of the Delaware Certificate of
Merger; or (b) such later time as shall be specified in such filing (the
"Effective Time").   2.3 Effect of the Merger. The Merger will have the
effects specified in the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, National City will be the surviving corporation in the Merger
(sometimes hereinafter referred to as the "Surviving Corporation") and will
continue to be governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware, and the
separate corporate existence of National City and all of its rights,
privileges, powers and franchises, public as well as private, and all its
debts, liabilities and duties as a corporation organized under the DGCL, will
continue unaffected by the Merger.   2.4 Certificate of Incorporation and
By-laws. The certificate of incorporation and by-laws of National City in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the certificate of
incorporation and by-laws of the Surviving Corporation, until amended in
accordance with applicable Law.   2.5 Directors and Officers. The directors
and officers of National City immediately prior to the Effective Time will be
the directors and officers, respectively, of the Surviving Corporation, from
and after the Effective Time, until their successors have been duly elected
or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or
removal in accordance with the terms of the Surviving Corporation\'s
certificate of incorporation and by-laws and the DGCL.   2.6 Additional
Actions. If, at any time after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
shall consider or be advised that any further deeds, assignments or
assurances in Law or any other acts are necessary or desirable to (i) vest,
perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving Corporation its
right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or
assets of Fidelity, or (ii) otherwise carry out the purposes of this
Agreement, Fidelity and its officers and directors (solely in their capacity
as such) shall be deemed to have granted to the Surviving Corporation an
irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver all such
deeds, assignments or assurances in Law or any other acts as are necessary or
desirable to (a) vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the
Surviving Corporation its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the
rights, properties or assets of Fidelity or (b) otherwise carry out the
purposes of this Agreement, and the officers and directors of the Surviving
Corporation are authorized in the name of Fidelity or otherwise to take any
and all such action.    10    III. CONSIDERATION; CONVERSION OF SHARES;
ELECTION PROCESS;  EXCHANGE PROCEDURE   3.1 Effect on Capital Stock.  
(a) At the Effective Time, automatically by virtue of the Merger and without
any action on the part of any Person:   (i) Each outstanding share of
National City Common Stock, that is  issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall remain  issued and outstanding and shall be
unchanged by the Merger.   (ii) Each outstanding share of Fidelity Common
Stock held in the  treasury of Fidelity or owned by National City or any
direct or indirect  wholly-owned Subsidiary of National City (except for any
such shares of  Fidelity Common Stock held in trust accounts, managed
accounts or in any  similar manner as trustee or in a fiduciary capacity
("Trust Account  Shares") or acquired in satisfaction of debts previously
contracted ("DPC  Shares")) immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
cancelled and  retired at the Effective Time and no consideration shall be
issued in  exchange therefor.   (iii) Each share of outstanding Fidelity
Common Stock immediately  outstanding prior to the Effective Time (except for
shares of Fidelity  Common Stock cancelled or retired pursuant to Section
3.1(a)(ii) above or  Dissenting Shares as set forth in Section 3.1(c) below)
shall become and be  converted into, as provided in and subject to the
limitations set forth in  this Agreement, the right to receive at the
election of the holder thereof  as provided in Section 3.2 either (A) an
amount equal to the Cash Exchange  Ratio, in cash (the "Cash Consideration")
or (B) a number of shares of  National City Common Stock equal to the Stock
Exchange Ratio (the "Stock  Consideration").   The Cash Consideration and
the Stock Consideration and the consideration provided in Section 3.4 below
dealing with a fractional share, is sometimes referred to herein collectively
as the "Merger Consideration".   (b) If between the date of this Agreement
and the Effective Time, the shares of National City Common Stock shall be
changed into a different number of shares by reason of any reclassification,
recapitalization, split-up, combination or exchange of shares, or if a stock
dividend thereon shall be declared with a record date within said period, the
Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted accordingly.   (c) Each outstanding share
of Fidelity Common Stock to which a holder has perfected his or Appraisal
Rights ("Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into or represent a right
to receive the Merger Consideration hereunder, and the holder thereof shall
be entitled only to such rights as are granted by the DGCL. Fidelity shall
give National City prompt written notice upon receipt by Fidelity of any such
demands for payment of the fair value of such shares of Fidelity Common Stock
and of withdrawals of such notice and any other instruments provided pursuant
to applicable Law (any stockholder making such demand being hereinafter
called a "Dissenting Stockholder"), and National City shall have the right to
participate in all    11    negotiations and proceedings with respect
to any such demands. Fidelity shall not, except with the prior written
consent of National City, voluntarily make any payment with respect to, or
settle or offer to settle, any such demand for payment, or waive any failure
to timely deliver a written demand for Appraisal Rights or the taking of any
other action by such Dissenting Stockholder as may be necessary to perfect
Appraisal Rights. Any payments made in respect of Dissenting Shares shall be
made by the Surviving Company.   (d) If any Dissenting Stockholder shall
effectively withdraw or lose (through failure to perfect or otherwise) his
right to such payment at or prior to the Effective Time, such holders\'
shares of Fidelity Common Stock shall be converted into a right to receive
the Merger Consideration in accordance with the applicable provisions of this
Agreement. If such holder shall effectively withdraw or lose (through failure
to perfect or otherwise) his or her Appraisal Rights after the Election
Deadline, each share of Fidelity Common Stock of such holder shall be treated
as a Non-Election Share.   (e) After the Effective Time, shares of Fidelity
Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be
canceled an shall cease to exist, and shall represent only the right to
receive the Merger Consideration.   3.2 Election Procedures.   (a) Holders
of Fidelity Common Stock may elect to receive shares of National City Common
Stock or cash (in either case without interest) in exchange for their shares
of Fidelity Common Stock in accordance with the following procedures. Holders
of Certificates representing more than one share of Fidelity Common Stock may
elect to receive Stock Consideration for some of their shares and Cash
Consideration for the balance of their shares. Shares of Fidelity Common
Stock as to which Cash Consideration has been made are referred to herein as
"Cash Election Shares". Shares of Fidelity Common Stock as to which a
Stock Consideration has been made are referred to as "Stock Election Shares".
Shares of Fidelity Common Stock as to which no election has been made (or as
to which an Election Form is not properly returned or timely completed) are
referred to herein as "No-Election Shares". The aggregate number of shares of
Fidelity Common Stock with respect to which a Stock Election has been made is
referred to herein as the "Stock Election Number". Any Dissenting Shares
shall be deemed to be Cash Election Shares and the holders thereof shall in
no event receive consideration comprised of National City Common Stock with
respect to such shares.   (b) National City shall appoint National City
Bank, or such other Person with whom National City may enter into an
agreement (the "Exchange Agent"), whereby the Exchange Agent shall agree to
act as agent for purposes of mailing and receiving Election Forms, tabulating
the results and distributing consideration to Fidelity\'s stockholders in
exchange for certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Time
evidenced shares of Fidelity Common Stock ("Old Certificates") for the Merger
Consideration. The Exchange Agent shall mail an election form and other
appropriate and customary transmittal materials (which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to an Old Certificate
shall pass, only upon proper delivery of such Old Certificate to the Exchange
Agent), in such form as Fidelity and National City shall mutually agree (the
"Election Form"), no later than fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the
anticipated Effective Time or on such earlier date as National City and
Fidelity may mutually agree (the "Mailing Date") to each holder of record of
Fidelity Common Stock as    12    of five (5) Business Days prior to
the Mailing Date (the "Election Form Record Date"); provided, however, that
Election Forms need not be mailed prior to the receipt of required approvals
of Government Authorities (exclusive of the expiration or termination of
statutory waiting periods). The Exchange Agent shall make available an
additional Election Form to all Persons who become record holders of Fidelity
Common Stock between the Election Form Record Date and the Election Deadline.
Each Election Form shall permit such holder, subject to the allocation and
election procedures set forth in Section 3.3, (i) to elect to receive the
Cash Consideration for all of the shares of Fidelity Common Stock held by
such holder, in accordance with Section 3.1(a)(iii), (ii) to elect to receive
the Stock Consideration for all of such shares (a "Stock Election"),
in accordance with Section 3.1(iii), (iii) to elect to receive the
Stock Consideration for a part of such holder\'s Fidelity Common Stock, or
(iv) to indicate that such record holder has no preference as to the
recipient of cash or National City Common Stock for such shares, which shall
be deemed to be No-Election Shares. All Dissenting Shares shall be deemed
shares subject to a Cash Election, and with respect to such shares the
holders thereof shall in no event receive consideration comprised of National
City Common Stock.   (c) To be effective, a properly completed and executed
Election Form shall be submitted to the Exchange Agent on or before 4:00
p.m., Cleveland, Ohio time, on a date to be decided by National City and
reasonably acceptable to Fidelity (which date shall not be earlier than
fifteen (15) Business Days after the Mailing Date and no later than the
Effective Time) (the "Election Deadline"). An election by a holder of shares
of Fidelity Common Stock shall be validly made only if the Exchange Agent
shall have received an Election Form properly completed and executed (with
the signature or signatures thereon guaranteed as required by the Election
Form) by such stockholder accompanied either by the Old Certificate(s)
representing all shares of Fidelity Common Stock owned by such stockholder,
duly endorsed in blank or otherwise in form acceptable for transfer on the
books of Fidelity, or by an appropriate guaranty of delivery in the
form customarily used in transactions of this nature from a member of a
national securities exchange or a member of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. or a commercial bank or trust company in the United
States. National City shall have the right to make reasonable determinations
and to establish reasonable procedures (not inconsistent with the terms of
this Agreement) in guiding the Exchange Agent in its determination as to
validity of Election Forms.   (d) Two or more holders of shares of Fidelity
Common Stock who are determined to constructively own the shares of Fidelity
Common Stock owned by each other by virtue of Section 318(a) of the Code and
who so certify to National City\'s satisfaction, and any single holder of
shares of Fidelity Common Stock who holds his or her shares in two or more
different names and who so certifies to National City\'s satisfaction, may
submit a joint Election Form covering the aggregate shares of Fidelity Common
Stock owned by all such holders or by such single holder as the case may be.
For all purposes of this Agreement, each such group of holders, and each such
single holder, who submits a joint Election Form shall be treated as a single
holder of shares of Fidelity Common Stock.   (e) Record holders of shares
of Fidelity Common Stock who are nominees may submit a separate Election Form
for each beneficial owner for whom such record holder is a nominee; provided,
however, that on the request of National City, such record holder shall
certify to the satisfaction of National City that such record holder holds
such shares of Fidelity    13    Common Stock as nominee for the
beneficial owner thereof. For purposes of this Agreement, each beneficial
owner for which an Election Form is submitted will be treated as a separate
holder of shares of Fidelity Common Stock, subject, however, to Section
3.2(d) above dealing with joint Election Forms.   (f) Any holder of shares
of Fidelity Common Stock who has made an election by submitting an Election
Form to the Exchange Agent may at any time prior to the Election Deadline
change such holder\'s election by submitting a revised Election Form,
properly completed and signed, that is received by the Exchange Agent prior
to the Election Deadline. Any holder of shares of Fidelity Common Stock may
at any time prior to the Election Deadline revoke his or her election and
withdraw his or her Old Certificate(s) for shares of Fidelity Common
Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent by written notice to the Exchange
Agent received by the close of business on the Business Day prior to the
Election Deadline.   (g) In the event of the termination of this Agreement
after holders of shares of Fidelity Common Stock have deposited their Old
Certificate(s) with the Exchange Agent, National City and Fidelity shall
jointly and promptly instruct the Exchange Agent to return all Old
Certificates to the Persons who deposited the same. Holders of shares of
Fidelity Common Stock shall continue to have the right to vote and to receive
all dividends paid on shares of Fidelity Common Stock deposited by them with
the Exchange Agent until the Effective Time.   3.3 Allocation. Not more than
ten (10) Business Days after the Election Deadline (the "Allocation Date"),
the Exchange Agent shall effectuate the allocation among holders of shares of
Fidelity Common Stock of rights to receive Stock Consideration and/or Cash
Consideration in the Merger as follows:   (a) If the Stock Election Shares
equals the Stock Conversion Shares,  then all Cash Election Shares and all
No-Election Shares shall be converted  into the right to receive Cash
Consideration, and each holder of Stock  Election Shares will be entitled to
receive the Stock Consideration.   (b) If the Stock Election Shares exceeds
the Stock Conversion Shares,  then all Cash Election Shares and all No-
Election Shares shall be converted  into the right to receive Cash
Consideration, and, subject to Section 3.4  hereof, each holder of Stock
Election Shares will be entitled to receive  the Stock Consideration only
with respect to that number of Stock Election  Shares held by such holder
equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x)  the number of Stock
Election Shares held by such holder by (y) a fraction,  the numerator of
which is the Stock Conversion Shares and the denominator  of which is the
Stock Election Number, with the remaining number of such  holder\'s Stock
Election Shares being converted into the right to receive  the Cash
Consideration.   (c) If the Stock Election Shares is less than the Stock
Conversion  Shares (the amount by which the Stock Conversion Shares exceeds
the Stock  Election Number being referred to herein as the "Shortfall
Number"), then  all Stock Election shares shall be converted into the right
to receive the  Stock Consideration and the No-Election Shares and Cash
Election Shares  shall be treated in the following manner:    14    
(i) if the Shortfall Number is less than or equal to the number  of No-
Election Shares, then all Cash Election Shares shall be  converted into the
right to receive the Cash Consideration and,  subject to Section 3.4 hereof,
each holder of No-Election Shares shall  receive the Stock Consideration in
respect of that number of  No-Election Shares held by such holder equal to
the product obtained  by multiplying (x) the number of No-Election Shares
held by such  holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the
Shortfall  Number and the denominator of which is the total number of No-
Election  Shares, with the remaining number of such holder\'s No-Election
Shares  being converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration;
or   (ii) if the Shortfall Number exceeds the number of No-Election 
Shares, then, subject to Section 3.4 hereof, all No-Election Shares  shall be
converted into the right to receive the Stock Consideration,  and each holder
of Cash Election Shares shall receive the Stock  Consideration in respect of
that number of Cash Election Shares held  by such holder equal to the product
obtained by multiplying (x) the  number of Cash Election Shares held by such
holder by (y) a fraction,  the numerator of which is the amount by which (1)
the Shortfall Number  exceeds (2) the total number of No-Election Shares and
the denominator  of which is the total number of Cash Election Shares, with
the  remaining number of such holder\'s Cash Election Shares being
converted  into the right to receive the Cash Consideration.   (d) National
City shall have the right to make reasonable  determinations and to establish
reasonable procedures in connection with  the allocation contemplated by this
Section 3.3.   (e) As soon as practicable, after completion of the
allocation  procedure described above, the Exchange Agent shall distribute
the Merger  Consideration as provided herein, and the Old Certificates shall
forthwith  be cancelled. National City will deliver to the Exchange Agent the
number  of shares of National City Common Stock and the amount of Cash 
Consideration payable in the Merger in sufficient time for the Exchange 
Agent to make such distribution. The Exchange Agent shall not be entitled  to
vote or exercise any rights of ownership with respect to the shares of 
National City Common Stock held by it from time to time hereunder, except 
that it shall receive and hold all dividends or other distributions paid or 
distributed with respect to such shares for the account of the Persons 
entitled thereto (without interest).   (f) If National City receives written
notice from its counsel to the  effect that such counsel is unable to deliver
a tax opinion required  pursuant to Section 8.1(f) on the date of the
Effective Time,  notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Article III,  National City shall have the right, at its sole and absolute
discretion, to  increase the Stock Consideration and decrease the Cash
Consideration in  equal amounts to the extent necessary (as reasonably
determined by National  City based on the advice of its counsel) to cause the
aggregate value of  the Stock Consideration to at least equal forty percent
(40%) of the  Aggregate Merger Consideration (which determination shall be
made based on  the average of the high and low trading prices for National
City Common  Stock on the date of the Effective Time or, if the Closing
occurs before  the opening of the    15     markets, the last business
day immediately preceding the date of the  Effective Time; and for this
purpose total Aggregate Merger Consideration  may be deemed to include cash
paid to holders of Dissenting Shares, cash  paid in lieu of fractional
shares, and other amounts paid in connection  with the Merger).   3.4 No
Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, neither certificates nor scrip for fractional shares of
National City Common Stock shall be issued in the Merger. Each holder
of shares of Fidelity Common Stock who otherwise would have been entitled to
a fraction of a share of National City Common Stock shall receive in lieu
thereof cash (without interest) in an amount determined by multiplying the
fractional share interest to which such holder would otherwise be entitled
(after taking into account all shares of Fidelity Common Stock owned by such
holder at the Effective Time) by the Market Price. No such holder shall be
entitled to dividends, voting rights or any other rights of a stockholder of
National City in respect of any fractional share of National City Common
Stock.   3.5 Stock Options. Except as expressly provided in this Section
3.5, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of any Person, all rights under any stock option granted by Fidelity
or its predecessors pursuant to the Fidelity Bankshares, Inc. 2002 Incentive
Stock Benefit Plan (the "Fidelity Option Plan") that remain outstanding
and unexercised, whether vested or unvested, immediately prior to the
Effective Time ("Unexercised Options") shall cease to represent a right to
acquire shares of Fidelity Common Stock (each a "Fidelity Option") and shall
be converted automatically into the right to receive cash equal to the
product of (a) the number of shares of Fidelity Common Stock subject to the
Unexercised Option, multiplied by (b) the positive difference, if any,
resulting from subtracting the exercise price of such Fidelity Option from
$39.50. At the Effective Time, the Fidelity Option Plan shall be terminated
with respect to the granting of any additional options or option rights.  
3.6 Exchange of Certificates.   (a) Exchange Agent. Except as set forth
herein, from and after the Effective Time each holder of an Old Certificate
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, upon surrender thereof to
the Exchange Agent, the Merger Consideration for each share of Fidelity
Common Stock so represented by the Old Certificate surrendered by such holder
thereof. The certificates representing shares of National City Common Stock
that constitute the Merger Consideration shall be properly issued and
countersigned and executed and authenticated, as appropriate.   (b) Notice
of Exchange. Promptly after the Effective Time, and in any event no later
than five (5) Business Days after the allocation contemplated by Section 3.3
above is completed, National City and the Surviving Corporation shall cause
the Exchange Agent to mail and/or make available to each record holder of a
Certificate that has not yet surrendered their shares of Fidelity Common
Stock a notice and letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery
shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificate shall pass,
only upon proper delivery of the Certificate to the Exchange Agent) advising
such holder of the effectiveness of the Merger and the procedures to be used
in effecting the surrender of the Certificate for exchange therefore.
Upon surrender to the Exchange Agent of a Certificate, together with such
letter of transmittal duly executed and completed in accordance with the
instructions thereon, and such other documents as may reasonably be
requested, the Exchange Agent shall promptly deliver to the Person entitled
thereto the appropriate Merger Consideration for each share of Fidelity
Common    16    Stock so represented by the Certificate surrendered by
such holder thereof, and such Certificate shall forthwith be canceled.  
(c) Exchange Fund. As of the Effective Time, for the benefit of the
holders of Old Certificates, National City shall make available to the
Exchange Agent (i) the number of shares of National City Common Stock
issuable to holders of Old Certificates pursuant to Section 3.1 above, (ii)
the aggregate Cash Consideration payable to holders of Old Certificates
pursuant to Section 3.1 above, and (iii) the estimated cash payable pursuant
to Section 3.4 above dealing with fractional shares. Any net profit resulting
from, or interest or income produced by any funds deposited with the Exchange
Agent will be payable to National City. The Exchange Agent shall not be
entitled to vote or exercise any rights of ownership with respect to the
shares of National City Common Stock held by it from time to time hereunder,
except that it shall receive and hold all dividends or other distributions
paid or distributed with respect to such shares for the account of the
Persons entitled thereto.   (d) Transfer. If delivery of all or part of the
Merger Consideration is to be made to a Person other than the Person in whose
name a surrendered Old Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition to
such delivery or exchange that the Old Certificate surrendered shall be
properly endorsed or shall be otherwise in proper form for transfer and that
the Person requesting such delivery or exchange shall have paid any transfer
and other taxes required by reason of such delivery or exchange in a name
other than that of the registered holder of the Old Certificate surrendered
or shall have established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Exchange
Agent that such tax either has been paid or is not payable.   (e) Right to
Merger Consideration. Subject to Section 3.6(e) below, until surrendered and
exchanged in accordance with this Section 3.6, each Old Certificate shall,
after the Effective Time, represent solely the right to receive the Merger
Consideration, together with any dividends or other distributions as provided
in Sections 3.6(e) and 3.6(f) below, and shall have no other rights. From and
after the Effective Time, National City shall be entitled to treat such Old
Certificates that have not yet been surrendered for exchange as evidencing
the ownership of the aggregate Merger Consideration into which the shares of
Fidelity Common Stock represented by such Old Certificates may be converted,
notwithstanding any failure to surrender such Old Certificates. One hundred
eighty (180) days following the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent
shall deliver to National City any shares of National City Common Stock and
funds (including any interest received with respect thereto) which National
City has made available to the Exchange Agent and which have not been
disbursed to holders of Old Certificates, and thereafter such holders shall
be entitled to look to National City (subject to abandoned property, escheat
or other similar Laws) with respect to the shares of National City Common
Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares deliverable or payable upon due
surrender of their Old Certificates. Neither Exchange Agent nor any party
hereto shall be liable to any holder of shares of Fidelity Common Stock for
any Merger Consideration (or dividends, distributions or interest with
respect thereto) delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar Law.   (f) Distributions with Respect
to Unexchanged Certificates. Whenever a dividend or other distribution is
declared by National City on shares of National City Common Stock, the record
date for which is at or after the Effective Time, the declaration shall
include dividends or other distributions on all shares issuable pursuant to
this Agreement, provided that no dividends    17    or other
distributions declared or made with respect to shares of National City Common
Stock shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Old Certificate with
respect to the shares of National City Common Stock represented thereby until
the holder of such Old Certificate shall surrender such Old Certificate
in accordance with this Article III. The Surviving Corporation shall pay
any dividends or make any other distributions with a record date prior to
the Effective Time which may have been declared or made by Fidelity on
Fidelity Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Agreement on or
prior to the Effective Time and which remain unpaid at the Effective
Time.   (g) Lost or Destroyed Certificates. In the event that any Old
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent
shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Old Certificate,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof in form
satisfactory to the Exchange Agent, the Merger Consideration, as may be
required pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that the Exchange
Agent may, in its sole discretion and as a condition precedent to the
delivery of the Merger Consideration to which the holder of such Old
Certificate is entitled as a result of the Merger, require the owner of such
lost, stolen or destroyed Old Certificate to deliver a bond in such sum as it
may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against Fidelity,
National City or the Exchange Agent or any other party with respect to the
Old Certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   (h)
Voting With Respect to Unexchanged Certificates. Holders of unsurrendered Old
Certificates will not be entitled to vote at any meeting of National City
stockholders.   3.7 Closing of Fidelity\'s Transfer Books. The stock
transfer books of Fidelity shall be closed at the close of business on the
Business Day immediately preceding the date of the Effective Time. In the
event of a transfer of ownership of shares of Fidelity Common Stock which is
not registered in the transfer records of Fidelity, the Merger Consideration
to be distributed pursuant to this Agreement may be delivered to a
transferee, if an Old Certificate is presented to the Exchange Agent,
accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer
and by payment of any applicable stock transfer taxes. National City and the
Exchange Agent shall be entitled to rely upon the stock transfer books of
Fidelity to establish the identity of those Persons entitled to a notice and
letter of transmittal pursuant to Section 3.6(c) and receive the Merger
Consideration specified in this Agreement for their shares of Fidelity Common
Stock, which books shall be conclusive with respect to the ownership of such
shares. In the event of a dispute with respect to the ownership of any such
shares, the Surviving Corporation and the Exchange Agent shall be entitled to
deposit any Merger Consideration not already paid represented thereby in
escrow and thereafter be relieved with respect to any claims to such Merger
Consideration.   IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NATIONAL CITY  
Except as disclosed in the National City Disclosure Letter, National
City hereby represents and warrants to Fidelity that:   4.1 Corporate
Organization.   (a) National City is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware and is
duly qualified to do business as a    18    foreign corporation in
each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the nature
of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except
for such jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified would not have
a Material Adverse Effect. National City is registered as a financial holding
company under the BHCA. National City has the requisite corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted. National City has heretofore
delivered to Fidelity true and complete copies of its certificate of
incorporation and by-laws.   (b) National City Bank is a national bank
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the United
States of America.   4.2 Authority. National City has the requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein have been duly approved by the board of directors of
National City and no other corporate proceedings on the part of National City
are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
so contemplated in this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by, and (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Fidelity) constitutes valid and binding obligations of
National City enforceable against National City in accordance with its terms,
except as enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar
Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except
that the availability of the equitable remedy of specific performance or
injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any
proceedings may be brought.   4.3 Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the
authorized capital stock of National City consists of 1,400,000,000 shares of
National City Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of National City preferred
stock. As of the close of business on July 21, 2006 (i) 610,491,250 shares of
National City Common Stock were validly issued and outstanding, fully paid
and nonassessable and (ii) 70,272 shares of preferred stock were issued,
outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable. As of the date hereof, except as
set forth in this Section 4.3, pursuant to the exercise of employee stock
options under National City\'s various plans that authorize the issuance of
stock in effect, National City\'s dividend reinvestment plan and stock grants
made pursuant to National City\'s various plans that authorize the issuance
of stock options, there are no other shares of capital stock of National City
authorized, issued or outstanding and there are no outstanding subscriptions,
options, warrants, rights, convertible securities or any other agreements or
commitments of any character relating to the issued or unissued capital stock
or other securities of National City obligating National City to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares
of capital stock of National City or obligating National City to grant,
extend or enter into any subscription, option, warrant, right, convertible
security or other similar agreement or commitment. As of the date hereof,
except as provided in this Agreement, there are no voting trusts or other
agreements or understandings to which National City or any National
City Subsidiary is a party with respect to the voting of the capital stock
of National City. All of the shares of National City Common Stock issuable
in exchange for shares of Fidelity Common Stock at the Effective Time in
accordance with this Agreement    19    will be, when so issued, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will not be
subject to preemptive rights.   4.4 Subsidiaries. The name and state of
incorporation of each Significant Subsidiary of National City is set forth in
Section 4.4 of the National City Disclosure Letter. Each Significant
Subsidiary is a bank, a corporation or a limited liability company or other
business entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (or the
local Law equivalent) under the Laws of its respective jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization and is qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation or foreign business entity in each jurisdiction in which its
ownership or lease of property or the nature of the business conducted by it
makes such qualification necessary, except for such jurisdictions in which
the failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Each
Significant Subsidiary has the requisite corporate power and authority to
own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its
businesses as they are now being conducted. All outstanding shares of capital
stock of each Significant Subsidiary are owned by National City or a National
City Subsidiary and are validly issued, fully paid and (except pursuant to 12
USC Section 55 in the case of each national bank subsidiary and
applicable state Law in the case of each state bank subsidiary)
nonassessable, are not subject to preemptive rights and are owned free and
clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances. There are no outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, rights, convertible securities or any other
agreements or commitments of any character relating to the issued or unissued
capital stock or other securities of any Significant Subsidiary obligating
any Significant Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold additional shares of its capital stock or obligating any
Significant Subsidiary to grant, extend or enter into any subscription,
option, warrant, right, convertible security or other similar agreement or
commitment.   4.5 Information in Registration Statement; Proxy Statement and
Other Communications. The information with respect to National City or any of
National City\'s Subsidiaries prepared or provided by National City for
inclusion in (i) the registration statement to be filed with the Commission
by National City on Form S-4 under the Securities Act (the "Registration
Statement"), for the purpose of registering the shares of National City
Common Stock to be issued in the Merger, which shall include the proxy
statement of Fidelity required to be mailed to the stockholders of Fidelity
in connection with the Fidelity Meeting (the "Proxy Statement"), (ii) any
filing made pursuant to Rule 165 or 425 under the Securities Act or Rule
14a-12 under the Exchange Act, or (iii) any other document filed with or
submitted to any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Registration
Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the provisions
of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   4.6 Consents and Approvals; No Violation. Neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by National City nor the
consummation by National City of the transactions contemplated hereby will
(a) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of its certificate
of incorporation or by-laws of National City, (b) violate, conflict with,
constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or
both, would constitute a default)    20   under, or result in the
termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, or result in the
creation of any lien or other encumbrance upon any of the properties or
assets of National City or any of National City\'s Subsidiaries under, any of
the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which National City or any of National City\'s Subsidiaries is a party or to
which they or any of their respective properties or assets are subject,
except for such violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations,
accelerations or creations of liens or other encumbrances, which will not
have a Material Adverse Effect or (c) require any consent,
approval, authorization or permit of or from, or filing with or notification
to, any Governmental Authority, except (i) pursuant to the Exchange Act and
the Securities Act, (ii) filing the Delaware Certificate of Merger pursuant
to the DGCL, (iii) filings required under the securities or Blue Sky Laws of
the various states, (iv) filings under the HSR Act, (v) filings with, and
approval by, the FRB, (vi) filings with, and approvals by the OTS, (vii)
filings with, and approvals by, any state regulatory agencies (including, but
not limited to, other state bank and insurance regulatory agencies) as may be
required (collectively, the "State Entities"), (viii) filings and approvals
pursuant to any applicable state takeover Law, (ix) filings and approvals
under the SBIA or (x) consents, approvals, authorizations, permits, filings
or notifications which, if not obtained or made will not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.7 Reports and Financial
Statements.   (a) Since January 1, 2001, National City and each of National
City\'s Subsidiaries have timely filed all reports, registrations and
statements, together with any required amendments thereto, that they were
required to file with the Commission under Sections 12(b), 12(g), 13(a) or
14(a) of the Exchange Act, including, but not limited to Forms 10-K, Forms
10-Q and proxy statements (the "National City Reports"). National City has
previously furnished or will promptly furnish Fidelity with true and complete
copies of each of National City\'s annual reports on Form 10-K for the years
2001 through 2005 and its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for March 31, 2006.
As of their respective dates, the National City Reports complied with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and did not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstance under which they were made, not misleading. The audited
consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim financial statements
of National City included in the National City Reports have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP applied on a consistent basis (except as may be
indicated therein or in the notes thereto) and fairly present
the consolidated financial position of National City and National
City\'s Subsidiaries taken as a whole as at the dates thereof and the
consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then
ended subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements, to
normal year-end and audit adjustments and any other adjustments described
therein. There exist no material liabilities of National City and its
consolidated subsidiaries, contingent or otherwise of a type required to be
disclosed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, except as disclosed in the National
City Reports.   (b) National City has previously furnished Fidelity with
true and complete copies of an unaudited income statement and balance sheet
of National City for the period of January 1, 2006 through June 30, 2006 (the
"National City Unaudited Interim Financial Information"). The National City
Unaudited Interim Financial Information (i) has been accurately derived from
the    21    books and records of National City, (ii) fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of
operations of National City as of the respective dates and for the periods
indicated, and (iii) were prepared on a basis consistent with the accounting
principles and practices that National City used to prepare its periodic
income and financial statements for its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
March 31, 2006. National City\'s reserve for possible loan losses as shown in
the National City Unaudited Interim Financial Information was adequate,
within the meaning of U.S. GAAP and safe and sound banking practices.   4.8
Taxes. National City has made available to Fidelity true and correct copies
of the federal, state and local income Tax Returns, and state and
local property and sales tax returns and any other tax returns filed by
National City and any of National City\'s Subsidiaries for each of the fiscal
years that remains open, as of the date hereof, for examination or assessment
of tax. National City and each National City Subsidiary has prepared in good
faith and duly and timely filed, or caused to be duly and timely filed, all
federal, state, local and foreign income, estimated tax, withholding tax,
franchise, sales and other tax returns or reports required to be filed by
them on or before the date hereof, except to the extent that all such
failures to file, taken together, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
National City and each of its Subsidiaries have paid, or have made adequate
provision or set up an adequate accrual or reserve for the payment of, all
taxes, shown or required to be shown to be owing on all such returns or
reports, together with any interest, additions or penalties related to any
such taxes or to any open taxable year or period. Neither National City nor
any National City Subsidiary has consented to extend the statute of
limitations with respect to the assessment of any tax. Neither National City
nor any National City Subsidiary is a party to any action or proceeding, nor
to the Knowledge of National City, is any such action or proceeding
threatened, by any Governmental Authority in connection with
the determination, assessment or collection of any taxes, and no deficiency
notices or reports have been received by National City or any of National
City\'s Subsidiaries in respect of any material deficiencies for any tax,
assessment, or government charge.   4.9 Employee Plans. All employee
benefit, welfare, bonus, deferred compensation, pension, profit sharing,
stock option, employee stock ownership, consulting, severance, or fringe
benefit plans, formal or informal, written or oral, and all trust agreements
related thereto, relating to any present or former directors, officers or
employees of National City or its Subsidiaries ("National City Employee
Plans") have been maintained, operated, and administered in compliance with
their terms and currently comply, and have at all relevant times complied, in
all material respects with the applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code,
and any other applicable Laws. With respect to each National City Employee
Plan which is a pension plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA): (a)
except for recent amendment(s) to the plans not materially affecting the
qualified status of the plans (which are disclosed in, and copies of which
are attached to, the National City Disclosure Letter), each pension plan as
amended (and any trust relating thereto) intended to be a qualified
plan under Section 401(a) of the Code either: (i) has been determined by the
IRS to be so qualified, (ii) is the subject of a pending application for
such determination that was timely filed, or (iii) will be submitted for such
a determination prior to the end of the "remedial amendment period" within
the meaning of Section 401(b) of the Code, (b) there is no accumulated
funding deficiency (as defined in Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the
Code), whether or not waived, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards
of such sections has been requested from the IRS, (c) neither National City
nor any of its Subsidiaries has provided, or is required to provide, security
to any pension plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29)    22    of the
Code, (d) the fair market value of the assets of each defined benefit plan
(as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA) exceeds the value of the
"benefit liabilities" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA
under such defined benefit plan as of the end of the most recent plan year
thereof ending prior to the date hereof, calculated on the basis of the
actuarial assumptions used in the most recent actuarial valuation for such
defined benefit plan as of the date hereof, (e) no reportable event described
in Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30 day reporting requirement has not
been waived has occurred, (f) no defined benefit plan has been terminated,
nor has the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC") instituted
proceedings to terminate a defined benefit plan or to appoint a trustee or
administrator of a defined benefit plan, and no circumstances exist that
constitute grounds under Section 4042(a)(2) of ERISA entitling the PBGC to
institute any such proceedings, and (g) no pension plan is a "multiemployer
plan" within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA or a "multiple employer
plan" within the meaning of 413(c) of the Code. Neither National City nor any
of its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability to the PBGC with respect to
any "single-employer plan" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA
currently or formerly maintained by any Person considered one employer with
it under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code, except for
premiums all of which have been paid when due. Neither National City nor any
of its Subsidiaries has incurred any withdrawal liability with respect to a
multiemployer plan under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.   4.10 Material
Contracts. Except as disclosed in the National City Reports, neither National
City nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or is bound or affected by,
or receives benefits under (a) any employment, severance, termination,
consulting or retirement agreement (collectively, "Benefit Agreements") that
was required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K
of the Exchange Act as of the date thereof, (b) any material agreement,
indenture or other instrument relating to the borrowing of money by National
City or any of its Subsidiaries or the guarantee by National City or any of
its Subsidiaries of any such obligation (other than trade payables
and instruments relating to borrowings or guaranties made in the ordinary
course of business) or (c) any other contract or agreement or amendment
thereto that would be required to be filed as an exhibit to a Form 10-K filed
by National City with the Commission as of the date thereof (collectively,
the "National City Contracts"). Neither National City nor any of National
City\'s Subsidiaries is in default under any of the National City Contracts,
which default is reasonably likely to have, either individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and there has not occurred any event
that with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would constitute
such a default.   4.11 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as
disclosed in the National City Reports filed by National City with the
Commission prior to the date of this Agreement, since December 31, 2005,
there has not been any change in the financial condition, results of
operations or business of National City and its Subsidiaries which would, to
the Knowledge of National City, now or in the future have a Material Adverse
Effect.   4.12 Litigation. Except as disclosed in the National City Reports
filed by National City with the Commission prior to the date of this
Agreement, there is no suit, action or proceeding pending, or, to the
Knowledge of National City, threatened against or affecting National City or
any of National City\'s Subsidiaries which, if decided adversely to National
City, would be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
nor is there any    23    judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order
of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator, outstanding, or to the Knowledge
of National City, threatened against National City or any of National City\'s
Subsidiaries having, or which would, to the Knowledge of National City, now
or in the future have, a Material Adverse Effect.   4.13 Compliance with
Laws and Orders.   (a) National City and each National City Subsidiary hold
all licenses, franchises, permits and authorizations necessary for the lawful
conduct of their respective businesses under and pursuant to each, and have
complied in all respects with and are not in default in any respect under
any, applicable Law of any Governmental Authority relating to National City
or National City Subsidiary, except where the failure to hold such license,
franchise, permit or authorization or such noncompliance or default is not
reasonably likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Except as disclosed in the National City
Reports filed by National City with the Commission prior to the date of this
Agreement, the businesses of National City and of National City\'s
Subsidiaries are not being conducted in violation of any Law or Governmental
Order of any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, in the
case of National City\'s Subsidiaries that are banks, all Laws pertaining to
the conduct of the banking business and the exercise of trust powers), except
for violations which individually or in the aggregate do not, and, to the
Knowledge of National City, will not, have a Material Adverse Effect.
National City\'s Subsidiaries that are banks are not in violation of those
Laws applicable to depository institutions, and corresponding regulations and
policies relating to the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"), privacy Laws,
the Bank Security Act, as amended (the "BSA"), or anti-money laundering
statutes in a manner that would materially delay the receipt of approvals of
Governmental Authorities required to consummate the transactions contemplated
in this Agreement. Other than regulatory examinations conducted in the
ordinary course, no investigation or review by any Governmental
Authority with respect to National City or any of National City\'s
Subsidiaries is pending or, to the Knowledge of National City, threatened,
nor has any Governmental Authority indicated an intention to conduct the same
in each case other than those the outcome of which will not have a Material
Adverse Effect.   (c) Except as is not reasonably likely to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, National City
and each National City Subsidiary have properly administered all accounts for
which it acts as a fiduciary, including accounts for which it serves as a
trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator or
investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of the governing documents,
applicable state and federal Law and common law. None of National City, any
National City Subsidiary, or any director, officer or employee of National
City or of any National City Subsidiary, has committed any breach of trust or
fiduciary duty with respect to any such fiduciary account that is reasonably
likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, and, except as would not be reasonably likely to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and the
accountings for each such fiduciary account are true and correct and
accurately reflect the assets of such fiduciary account.   4.14 Agreements
with Bank Regulators, Etc. Neither National City nor any National City
Subsidiary is a party to any written agreement or memorandum of understanding
with, or a    24    party to any commitment letter, board resolution or
similar undertaking to, or is subject to any order or directive by, or is a
recipient of any extraordinary supervisory letter from, any Governmental
Authority, which (i) restricts materially the conduct of its business, (ii)
would materially delay the receipt of approvals of Governmental Authorities
required to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or
(iii) in any manner relates to its capital adequacy, its credit or reserve
policies or its management, nor has National City been advised by any
Governmental Authority that it is contemplating issuing or requesting (or is
considering the appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any such order,
decree, agreement, memorandum of understanding, extraordinary supervisory
letter, commitment letter or similar submission. Neither National City nor
any of National City\'s Subsidiaries is required by Section 32 of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act, as amended ("FDIA") to give prior notice to a Federal
banking agency of the proposed addition of an individual to its board
of directors or the employment of an individual as a senior executive
officer. To the Knowledge of National City, there is no reason why the
regulatory approvals referred to in Section 4.6(c) above should not be
obtained.   4.15 National City Ownership of Stock. As of the date of this
Agreement, neither National City nor any of its Affiliates or Associates (i)
beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, or (ii) are parties to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring,
holding, voting or disposing of, Fidelity Common Stock (other than DPC Shares
or Trust Account Shares), which in the aggregate, represent five percent (5%)
or more of the outstanding shares of Fidelity Common Stock.   4.16 Tax
Treatment. As of the date hereof, to the Knowledge of National City there is
no reason why the Merger will fail to qualify as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Code.   4.17 Fees. Neither National City nor any of
National City\'s Subsidiaries has paid or will become obligated to pay any
fee or commission to any broker, finder or intermediary or any other Person
in connection with, or as a result of, the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   4.18 National City Action. The board of directors of National
City (at a meeting duly called, constituted and held) has by the requisite
vote of all directors present (a) determined that the Merger is advisable and
in the best interests of National City and its stockholders and (b) approved
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Merger.   4.19 Material Interests of Certain Persons. Except as disclosed in
National City\'s Reports, no officer or director of National City, or any
Associate of any such officer or director, has any material interest in any
contract or property (real or personal), tangible or intangible, used in or
pertaining to the business of National City or any of its Subsidiaries that
is required to be disclosed under the requirements of the Exchange Act.  
4.20 Environmental Matters. To the Knowledge of National City, (i)
neither National City nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of or has
any liability, absolute or contingent, in connection with or under any
Environmental Law, except any such violations or liabilities which would not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect; (ii) none of the Loan Portfolio Properties, Trust Properties
and Other Properties of National City or its Subsidiaries is in violation of
or has any liability, absolute or contingent,    25    under any
Environmental Law, except any such violations or liabilities
which, individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse
Effect; and (iii) there are no actions, suits, demands, notices, claims,
investigations or proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of National City,
threatened relating to any Loan Portfolio Properties, Trust Properties and
Other Properties, including, without limitation, any notices, demand letters
or requests for information from any federal or state environmental agency
relating to any such liability under or violation of Environmental Law, which
would impose a liability upon National City or its Subsidiaries pursuant to
any Environmental Law, except such as would not, individually or in the
aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.21 Labor Matters. (a) Neither
National City nor its Subsidiaries are engaged in, or have engaged in, any
unfair labor practice; (b) there is no labor strike, dispute, slowdown or
stoppage actually pending, threatened against or directly affecting National
City or its Subsidiaries; (c) no union is currently certified, and there is
no union representation question and no union or other organizational
activity that would be subject to the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C.
Section 151 et seq.) exists or is threatened; (d) no grievance or arbitration
proceeding arising out of or under collective bargaining agreements is
pending and no claims therefore exist or to the Knowledge of National
City, are threatened; (e) no collective bargaining agreement exists which is
binding on National City and/or its Subsidiaries; (f) neither National City
nor its Subsidiaries have experienced any material work stoppage or other
material labor difficulty; and (g) neither National City nor its Subsidiaries
are delinquent in any material payments to any of its current or former
officers, directors, employees or agents for any wages, salaries,
commissions, bonuses, benefits or other compensation for any services
performed by them or amounts required to be reimbursed to them.   4.22
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. National City is in compliance with the provisions,
including Section 404, of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the certifications
provided and to be provided pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 thereof are
accurate.   4.23 Notice of Breach or Potential Breach. National City shall
promptly notify Fidelity of any change, circumstance or event which would
cause any of the representations or warranties made by National City pursuant
to this Agreement to be untrue as of the date hereof or at the Closing Date
or which prevent National City from complying with any of its obligations
hereunder. To the Knowledge of National City, there is no fact or development
that would have a Material Adverse Effect, or which might in the future, in
National City\'s reasonable judgment, have a Material Adverse Effect, on
National City\'s or its Subsidiaries\' continuing business, which has not
been set forth in this Agreement, the National City Reports or the National
City Disclosure Letter.   4.24 Disclosure. No representation or warranty by
National City in this Agreement after giving effect to the disclosures set
forth in the National City Disclosure Letter, contains any untrue statement
of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated
herein or therein or necessary to make any statement herein or therein not
materially misleading. Any claim by Fidelity of a breach of representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation of National City hereunder will
not be affected by any investigation conducted by Fidelity with respect to,
or knowledge acquired (or capable of being acquired), with respect to the
accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with any such representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation.    26     V.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF FIDELITY   Except as disclosed in the
Fidelity Disclosure Letter, Fidelity hereby represents and warrants to
National City that:   5.1 Corporate Organization.   (a) Fidelity is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
Laws of the State of Delaware and is duly qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of
property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes
such qualification necessary, except for such jurisdictions in which the
failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Fidelity
is registered as a savings and loan holding company under the HOLA. Fidelity
has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted. Fidelity has heretofore delivered to National City true and
complete copies of its certificate of incorporation and by-laws.   (b)
Fidelity Federal Bank and Trust is a savings bank organized with
valid corporate existence under the Laws of the United States of America.  
5.2 Authority. Fidelity has the requisite corporate power and authority
to execute and deliver this Agreement and, except for any required approval
of Fidelity\'s stockholders, to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein have been duly approved
by the Board of Directors of Fidelity and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of Fidelity are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions so contemplated by this Agreement, subject only
to approval by the stockholders of Fidelity as provided in Section 6.15
below. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by, and
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Fidelity, enforceable against
Fidelity in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
fraudulent transfer, moratorium and other similar Laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except that the
availability of the equitable remedy of specific performance or injunctive
relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceedings
may be brought.   5.3 Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized
capital stock of Fidelity consists of 30,000,000 shares of Fidelity Common
Stock and 2,000,000 shares of Fidelity preferred stock. As of the close of
business on the date hereof, 25,335,470 shares of Fidelity Common Stock were
validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable (including
87,844 restricted shares of Fidelity Common Stock that have been previously
awarded pursuant to the Fidelity Bankshares, Inc. 2002 Incentive Stock
Benefit Plan, and not yet certificated as contemplated by such awards) and no
shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. As of the date of this
Agreement except as set forth in this Section 5.3, there are no shares of
capital stock of Fidelity authorized, issued or outstanding and there are no
outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, rights, convertible securities
or any other agreements or commitments of any character relating to the
issued or unissued capital stock or other securities of Fidelity obligating
Fidelity to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold,
additional shares of capital stock of Fidelity or obligating Fidelity to
grant, extend or enter into any subscription,    27    option, warrant,
right, convertible security or other similar agreement or commitment. There
are no voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which Fidelity
or any of Fidelity\'s Subsidiaries is a party with respect to the voting of
the capital stock of Fidelity. As of the date of this Agreement, there were
outstanding under the Fidelity Option Plan options to purchase
1,125,827 shares of Fidelity Common Stock, which Fidelity Options had an
average exercise price of $15.29 and for which adequate shares of Fidelity
Common Stock have been reserved for issuance under the Fidelity Option Plan.
Section 5.3 to the Fidelity Disclosure Letter sets forth as of the close of
business on the date of this Agreement, with respect to each Fidelity Option,
a true, accurate complete list of (i) the name of each optionee (each, an
"Optionee"), (ii) the number of shares of Fidelity Common Stock the Optionee
has the right to purchase under the Fidelity Option, (iii) the exercise price
for the Fidelity Option and (iv) the date the Fidelity Option was granted to
the Optionee. The exercise price per share of Fidelity Common Stock under the
Fidelity Options was determined based on the market value of such shares of
Fidelity Common Stock at the time such Fidelity Options were granted. No
Fidelity Option (a) has a stated exercise price lower than the fair market
value for shares of the Fidelity Common Stock on the date the grant of the
Fidelity Option as determined under the Fidelity Option Plan, or (b) has had
its exercise date or grant date delayed or "backdated".   5.4 Subsidiaries.
The Fidelity Disclosure Letter sets forth the name and state of incorporation
of each Subsidiary of Fidelity. Each Fidelity Subsidiary is a bank, a
corporation or other business entity duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing (or the local Law equivalent) under the Laws of its respective
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and is qualified to do business
as a foreign corporation or foreign business entity in each jurisdiction in
which its ownership or lease of property or the nature of the business
conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except for
such jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. Each Fidelity Subsidiary has the requisite corporate
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and
to carry on its businesses as they are now being conducted. All outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Fidelity Subsidiary are owned by Fidelity or
another Fidelity Subsidiary and are validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, are not subject to preemptive rights and are owned free and
clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances. There are no outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, rights, convertible securities or any other
agreements or commitments of any character relating to the issued or unissued
capital stock or other securities of any Fidelity Subsidiary obligating any
Fidelity Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold additional shares of its capital stock or obligating any
Fidelity Subsidiary to grant, extend or enter into any subscription, option,
warrant, right, convertible security or other similar agreement or
commitment.   5.5 Information in Disclosure Documents, Registration
Statement, Etc. None of the information with respect to Fidelity or any
Fidelity Subsidiary prepared or provided by Fidelity for (i) inclusion in the
Registration Statement will at the time of the mailing of the Proxy Statement
and any amendments or supplements thereto, and at the time of the Fidelity
Meeting, (ii) any filing made pursuant to Rules 165 or 425 under the
Securities Act or Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act, or (iii) any other
document filed with or submitted to any Governmental Authority in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will not contain any
untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under    28    which they are made, not
misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material
respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act.   5.6 Consent and
Approvals; No Violation. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Fidelity nor the consummation by Fidelity of the transactions contemplated
hereby will (a) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of its
certificate of incorporation or by-laws of Fidelity, (b) violate, conflict
with, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time
or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination of,
or accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any
lien or other encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of Fidelity or
any Fidelity Subsidiary under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of
any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement
or other instrument or obligation to which Fidelity or any Fidelity
Subsidiary is a party or to which they or any of their respective properties
or assets are subject, except for such violations, conflicts, breaches,
defaults, terminations, accelerations or creations of liens or
other encumbrances, which will not have a Material Adverse Effect, or (c)
require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of or from, or filing
with or notification to, any Governmental Authority, except (i) pursuant to
the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, (ii) filing the Delaware Certificate
of Merger, (iii) filings required under the securities or blue sky laws of
the various states, (iv) filing under the HSR Act, (v) filings with, and
approval by, the FRB, (vi) filings with, and approval by, the OTS, (vii)
filings with, and approvals by, the State Entities, (viii) filings and
approvals under the SBIA or (ix) consents, approvals, authorizations,
permits, filings or notifications which, if not obtained or made will not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.   5.7
Reports and Financial Statements.   (a) Since January 1, 2001, Fidelity and
each Fidelity Subsidiary have filed all reports, registrations and
statements, together with any required amendments thereto, that they were
required to file with the Commission under Sections 12(b), 12(g), 13(a) or
14(a) of the Exchange Act, including, but not limited to Forms 10-K, Forms
10-Q and proxy statements (the "Fidelity Reports"). Fidelity has previously
furnished or will promptly furnish National City with true and complete
copies of each of Fidelity\'s annual reports on Form 10-K for the years 2001
through 2005 and its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for March 31, 2006. As of
their respective dates, the Fidelity Reports complied with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and did not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstance under which they were made, not misleading. The audited
consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim financial statements
of Fidelity included in the Fidelity Reports have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP applied on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated
therein or in the notes thereto) and fairly present the financial position of
Fidelity and Fidelity Subsidiaries taken as a whole as at the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial
statements, to normal year-end and audit adjustments and any other
adjustments described therein. There exist no material liabilities
of Fidelity and its consolidated Subsidiaries, contingent or otherwise of a
type required to be disclosed in accordance with generally accepted
accounting practices, except as disclosed in the Fidelity Reports.   
29     (b) Fidelity has previously furnished National City with true and
complete copies of an unaudited income statement and balance sheet of
Fidelity for the period of January 1, 2006 through June 30, 2006 (the
"Fidelity Unaudited Interim Financial Information"). The Fidelity Unaudited
Interim Financial Information (i) has been accurately derived from the books
and records of Fidelity, (ii) fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and the results of operations of Fidelity as of the
respective dates and for the periods indicated, and (iii) were prepared on a
basis consistent with the accounting principles and practices that Fidelity
used to prepare its periodic income and financial statements for its
quarterly report on Form 10-Q for March 31, 2006. Fidelity\'s reserve for
possible loan losses as shown in the Fidelity Unaudited Interim Financial
Information was adequate, within the meaning of U.S. GAAP and safe and sound
banking practices. Fidelity\'s reserve for possible loan losses as shown in
the Fidelity Unaudited Interim Financial Information was adequate, within the
meaning of U.S. GAAP and safe and sound banking practices.   5.8 Taxes.
Fidelity has made available to National City true and correct copies of the
federal, state and local income tax returns, and state and local property and
sales tax returns and any other tax returns filed by Fidelity and any of
Fidelity Subsidiaries for each of the fiscal years that remains open, as of
the date hereof, for examination or assessment of tax. Fidelity and
each Fidelity Subsidiary have prepared in good faith and duly and timely
filed, or caused to be duly and timely filed, all federal, state, local and
foreign income, estimated tax, withholding tax, franchise, sales and other
tax returns or reports required to be filed by them on or before the date
hereof, except to the extent that all such failures to file, taken together,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Fidelity and each Fidelity
Subsidiary have paid, or have made adequate provision or set up an adequate
accrual or reserve for the payment of, all taxes shown or required to be
shown to be owing on all such returns or reports, together with any interest,
additions or penalties related to any such taxes or to any open taxable year
or period. Neither Fidelity nor any Fidelity Subsidiary has consented to
extend the statute of limitations with respect to the assessment of any tax.
Neither Fidelity nor any Fidelity Subsidiary is a party to any action or
proceeding, nor to the Knowledge of Fidelity, is any such action or
proceeding threatened, by any Governmental Authority in connection with the
determination, assessment or collection of any taxes, and no deficiency
notices or reports have been received by Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary
in respect of any material deficiencies for any tax, assessment, or
government charge.   5.9 Employee Plans.   (a) All employee benefit,
welfare, bonus, deferred compensation, pension, profit sharing, stock option,
employee stock ownership, consulting, severance, or fringe benefit plans,
formal or informal, written or oral and all trust agreements related thereto,
relating to any present or former directors, officers or employees of
Fidelity or Fidelity Subsidiaries ("Fidelity Employee Plans") have been
maintained, operated, and administered in compliance with their terms and
currently comply, and have at all relevant times complied, in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code, and any other
applicable Laws. With respect to each Fidelity Employee Plan which is a
pension plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA): (a) except for
recent amendment(s) to the plans not materially affecting the qualified
status of the plans (which are disclosed in, and copies of which are attached
to, the Fidelity Disclosure Letter), each pension plan as amended (and any
trust relating thereto) intended to be a qualified    30   plan under
Section 401(a) of the Code either (i) has been determined by the IRS to be so
qualified or (ii) is the subject of a pending application for
such determination that was timely filed, (b) there is no accumulated
funding deficiency (as defined in Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the
Code), whether or not waived, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards
of such sections has been requested from the IRS, (c) neither Fidelity nor
any of Fidelity Subsidiary has provided, or is required to provide, security
to any pension plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code, (d) the fair
market value of the assets of each defined benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(35) of ERISA) exceeds the value of the "benefit liabilities" within
the meaning of Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA under such defined benefit plan
as of the end of the most recent plan year thereof ending prior to the date
hereof, calculated on the basis of the actuarial assumptions used in the most
recent actuarial valuation for such defined benefit plan as of the date
hereof, (e) no reportable event described in Section 4043 of ERISA for which
the 30 day reporting requirement has not been waived has occurred, (f) no
defined benefit plan has been terminated, nor has the PBGC instituted
proceedings to terminate a defined benefit plan or to appoint a trustee or
administrator of a defined benefit plan, and no circumstances exist that
constitute grounds under Section 4042(a)(2) of ERISA entitling the PBGC to
institute any such proceedings, and (g) no pension plan is a "multiemployer
plan" within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA or a "multiple employer
plan" within the meaning of 413(c) of the Code. Neither Fidelity nor any
Fidelity Subsidiary has incurred any liability to the PBGC with respect to
any "single-employer plan" within the meaning of action 4001(a)(15) of ERISA
currently or formerly maintained by any entity considered one employer with
it under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code, except
for premiums all of which have been paid when due. Neither Fidelity nor any
of its Subsidiaries has incurred any withdrawal liability with respect to
a multiemployer plan under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. There is no basis
for any Person to assert that Fidelity or any of its Subsidiaries has an
obligation to institute any Employee Plan or any such other arrangement,
agreement or plan. With respect to any insurance policy that heretofore has
or currently does provide funding for benefits under any Fidelity Employee
Plan, (A) there is no liability on the part of Fidelity or any of its
subsidiaries in the nature of a retroactive or retrospective rate adjustment,
loss sharing arrangement, or other actual or contingent liability, nor would
there be any such liability if such insurance policy were terminated, and (B)
no insurance company issuing such policy is in receivership, conservatorship,
liquidation or similar proceeding and, to the Knowledge of Fidelity, no such
proceeding with respect to any such insurer is imminent. Neither the
execution of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will (A) constitute a stated triggering event under any
Fidelity Employee Plan that will result in any payment (whether of severance
pay or otherwise) becoming due from Fidelity or any of its subsidiaries to
any present or former officer, employee, director, stockholder, consultant or
dependent of any of the foregoing or (B) accelerate the time of payment or
vesting, or increase the amount of compensation due to any present or former
officer, employee, director, stockholder, consultant, or dependent of any of
the foregoing. Neither Fidelity nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
obligations for retiree health and life benefits under any Fidelity Employee
Plan. There are no restrictions on the rights of Fidelity or
Fidelity Subsidiaries to amend or terminate any such Fidelity Employee Plan
without incurring any liability thereunder.   (b) Fidelity and Fidelity\'s
Subsidiaries have accrued expenses for the value of all of the "benefit
liabilities" due and owing or to become due and owing under any and all non-
qualified plans as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter end and will
have accrued expenses    31    for the value of all of the "benefit
liabilities" due and owing or to become due and owing under any and all non-
qualified plans as of the Effective Time, calculated on the basis of
appropriate actuarial assumptions. Any "Rabbi Trusts" maintained by Fidelity
for the benefit of the participants in Fidelity\'s non-qualified plans has
adequate balances to pay any and all "benefit liabilities" due or owing or to
become due and owing under any and all non-qualified plans following a change
in control, as such term may be defined in each and every plan.   5.10
Material Contracts. Except as disclosed in Fidelity Reports, neither Fidelity
nor any Fidelity Subsidiary is a party to, or is bound or affected by, or
receives benefits under (a) any Benefit Agreements providing for
aggregate payments to any Person in any calendar year in excess of $100,000,
(b) any material agreement, indenture or other instrument relating to the
borrowing of money by Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary or the guarantee by
Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary of any such obligation (other than trade
payables and instruments relating to transactions entered into in the
ordinary course of business), (c) any other contract or agreement or
amendment thereto that would be required to be filed as an exhibit to a Form
10-K filed by Fidelity with the Commission as of the date of this Agreement,
(d) any contract, agreement, license, lease or sublease (each, a "Branch
Lease") relating to the use or occupancy of a Fidelity or a Fidelity
Subsidiary branch that will require Fidelity or such Fidelity Subsidiary to
obtain the prior consent of the lessor as a result of the transactions
contemplated hereunder (each, a "Landlord Consent"), or (e) any contract,
agreement, plan, policy or understanding providing for aggregate payments in
excess of $100,000 that by its terms is affected (including, but not limited
to, accelerated vesting or payment, setting of benefits, change in payment,
establishing benefits or payments) by a change in control (as to items
(a)-(e), collectively, the "Fidelity Contracts"). Neither Fidelity nor any
Fidelity Subsidiary is in default under any Fidelity Contract, which default
is reasonably likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, and there has not occurred any event that with the
lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would constitute such a
default. Neither Fidelity nor any Fidelity Subsidiary is a party to, or is
bound by, any collective bargaining agreement, contract, or other
agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization, nor is
Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary the subject of a proceeding asserting
that is or any Fidelity Subsidiary has committed an unfair labor practice or
seeking to compel it or such subsidiary to bargain with any labor
organization as to wages and conditions of employment, nor is there any
strike or other labor dispute involving it or any Fidelity Subsidiary pending
or, to the Knowledge of Fidelity, threatened.   5.11 Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in Fidelity Reports filed by Fidelity
with the Commission prior to the date of this Agreement, since December 31,
2005, there has not been any change in the financial condition, results of
operations or business of Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary which would, to
the Knowledge of Fidelity, or in the future have a Material Adverse
Effect.   5.12 Litigation. There is no suit, action or proceeding pending,
or, to the Knowledge of Fidelity, threatened against or affecting Fidelity or
any Fidelity Subsidiary which, if decided adversely to Fidelity, would be
reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any
judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Authority or
arbitrator, outstanding, or to the Knowledge of Fidelity, threatened against
Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary having, or which would, to the Knowledge
of Fidelity, now or in the future have, a Material Adverse Effect.   
32     5.13 Compliance with Laws and Orders.   (a) Fidelity and each
Fidelity Subsidiary hold all licenses, franchises, permits and authorizations
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses under and
pursuant to each, and have complied in all respects with and are not in
default in any respect under any, applicable Law, statute, order, rule,
regulation, policy or guideline of any Governmental Authority relating
to Fidelity or Fidelity Subsidiary, except where the failure to hold such
license, franchise, permit or authorization or such noncompliance or default
is not reasonably likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Except as disclosed in Fidelity Reports
filed by Fidelity with the Commission prior to the date of this Agreement,
the businesses of Fidelity and each Fidelity Subsidiary are not being
conducted in violation of any Law or Governmental Order of any Governmental
Authority (including, without limitation, in the case of a Fidelity
Subsidiary that is a thrift, all Laws pertaining to the conduct of the
banking business and the exercise of trust powers), except for violations
which individually or in the aggregate do not, and, to the Knowledge of
Fidelity, will not, have a Material Adverse Effect. Fidelity\'s Subsidiaries
that are thrifts are not in violation of those Laws applicable to depository
institutions, and corresponding regulations and policies relating to the CRA,
privacy Laws, the BSA or anti-money laundering statutes in a manner that
would materially delay the receipt of approvals of Governmental
Authorities required to consummate the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement. Other than regulatory examinations conducted in the ordinary
course, no investigation or review by any Governmental Authority with respect
to Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary is pending or, to the Knowledge of
Fidelity, threatened, nor has any Governmental Authority indicated an
intention to conduct the same in each case other than those the outcome of
which will not have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) Except as is not
reasonably likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, Fidelity and each Fidelity Subsidiary have properly
administered all accounts for which acts as a fiduciary, including accounts
for which it serves as a trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative,
guardian, conservator or investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of
the governing documents, applicable state and federal Law and common law.
None of Fidelity, any Fidelity Subsidiary, or any director, officer or
employee of Fidelity or of any Fidelity Subsidiary, has committed any
breach of trust or fiduciary duty with respect to any such fiduciary account
that is reasonably likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, and, except as would not be reasonably likely to
have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and
the accountings for each such fiduciary account are true and correct and
accurately reflect the assets of such fiduciary account.   5.14 Agreements
with Regulators, Etc. Neither Fidelity nor any Fidelity Subsidiary is a party
to any written agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or a party to
any commitment letter, board resolution or similar undertaking to, or is
subject to any order or directive by, or is a recipient of any extraordinary
supervisory letter from, any Governmental Authority, which (i) restricts
materially the conduct of its business, (ii) materially delays the receipt of
approvals of Governmental Authorities required to consummate the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement or (iii) in any manner relates to its capital
adequacy, its credit or reserve policies or its management, nor has Fidelity
been advised by any Governmental Authority that it is contemplating issuing
or requesting (or is considering the appropriateness of   
33    issuing or requesting) any such order, decree, agreement, memorandum
of understanding, extraordinary supervisory letter, commitment letter or
similar submission. Neither Fidelity nor any Fidelity Subsidiary is required
by Section 32 of the FDIA to give prior notice to a Federal banking agency of
the proposed addition of an individual to its board of directors or the
employment of an individual as a senior or executive officer. To the
Knowledge of Fidelity, there is no reason why the regulatory approvals
referred to in Section 5.6(c) above should not be obtained.   5.15 Tax
Treatment. As of the date hereof, to the Knowledge of Fidelity there is no
reason why the Merger will fail to qualify as a reorganization under Section
368(a) of the Code.   5.16 Fees. Except for fees paid and payable to Keefe
Bruyette and Woods, Inc. ("KBW"), neither Fidelity nor any Fidelity Subsidiary
has paid or will become obligated to pay any fee (including any break-up or
termination fee) or commission to any broker, finder, intermediary or any
other Person in connection with, or as a result of, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Attached as Schedule 5.16 to the Fidelity
Disclosure Letter, is a true, accurate and complete copy of the engagement
letter between Fidelity and KBW for any fees paid and payable by Fidelity to
KBW, in connection with, or as a result of, the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. As of the date of this Agreement, Fidelity has received an
opinion of KBW, issued to the board of directors of Fidelity, to the effect
that, as of the date of the opinion, the Merger Consideration is fair from a
financial point of view to holders of Fidelity Common Stock.   5.17
Fidelity Action. The board of directors of Fidelity (at a meeting
duly called, constituted and held) has by the requisite vote of all directors
present (a) determined that the Merger is advisable and in the best interests
of Fidelity and its stockholders, (b) approved this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated herein, including the Merger, and (c) has directed
that the Merger be submitted for consideration by Fidelity\'s stockholders at
the Fidelity Meeting. The board of directors of Fidelity has approved the
transactions contemplated herein and taken all steps necessary to exempt (i)
the execution of this Agreement, (ii) the Merger and (iii) the transactions
described herein from, any provision of the DGCL that purports to limit or
restrict business combinations or the ability to acquire or to vote shares
and any other applicable state business combination or anti-takeover
provisions of Fidelity\'s certificate of incorporation and by-laws.   5.18
Vote Required. The affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares
of Fidelity Common Stock entitled to vote thereon is the only vote of
the holders of any class or series of Fidelity capital stock necessary to
approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   5.19 Material Interests of Certain Persons. Except as disclosed
in Fidelity\'s Reports, no officer or director of Fidelity, or any Associate
of any such officer or director, has any material interest in any contract or
property (real or personal), tangible or intangible, used in or pertaining to
the business of Fidelity or any of its Subsidiaries that is required to be
disclosed under the requirements of the Exchange Act.   5.20 Environmental
Matters. To the Knowledge of Fidelity (i) neither Fidelity nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of or has any liability, absolute or contingent,
in connection    34    with or under any Environmental Law, except any
such violations or liabilities which would not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii)
none of the Loan Portfolio Properties, Trust Properties and Other Properties
of Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiaries is in violation of or has any
liability, absolute or contingent, under any Environmental Law, except any
such violations or liabilities which, individually or in the aggregate would
not have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iii) there are no actions, suits,
demands, notices, claims, investigations or proceedings pending or, to the
Knowledge of Fidelity, threatened relating to any Loan Portfolio Properties,
Trust Properties and Other Properties including, without limitation, any
notices, demand letters or requests for information from any federal or state
environmental agency relating to any such liability under or violation of
Environmental Law, which would impose a liability upon Fidelity or any
Fidelity Subsidiary pursuant to any Environmental Law, except such as
would not, individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse
Effect.   5.21 Labor Matters. (a) Fidelity or its Subsidiaries are not
engaged in, and have not engaged in, any unfair labor practice; (b) there is
no labor strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually pending threatened
against or directly affecting Fidelity or its Subsidiaries; (c) no union is
currently certified, and there is no union representation question and no
union or other organizational activity that would be subject to the National
Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. Section 151 et seq.) exists or is threatened;
(d) no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under collective
bargaining agreements is pending and no claims therefore exist or to the
Knowledge of Fidelity, are threatened; (e) no collective bargaining agreement
exists which is binding on Fidelity and/or its Subsidiaries; (f) neither
Fidelity nor its Subsidiaries have experienced during the seven (7) years
prior to the date of this Agreement any material work stoppage or other
material labor difficulty; and (g) neither Fidelity nor its Subsidiaries are
delinquent in any material payments to any of its current or former officers,
directors, employees or agents for any wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses,
benefits or other compensation for any services performed by them or amounts
required to be reimbursed to them.   5.22 Minute Books. The minute books of
Fidelity and each Fidelity Subsidiary contain with respect to all meetings
and actions that occurred during the period from January 1, 1996 through and
including July 15, 2006 and will contain at Closing with respect to meetings
and actions occurring after July 15, 2006, accurate records of all corporate
actions of their respective stockholder(s) and boards of directors (including
committees of the board of directors), and the signatures contained therein
are true signatures of the persons whose signatures they represent.   5.23
Loans. Except as is not reasonably likely to have, either individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, all of the loans,
leases, installment sales contracts and other credit transactions on the
books of Fidelity and the Fidelity Subsidiaries are valid and properly
documented and were made in the ordinary course of business, and the security
therefor, if any, is valid and properly perfected. Except as is not
reasonably likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, neither the terms of such loans, leases, installment
sales contracts and other credit transactions, nor any of the documentation
evidencing such transactions, nor the manner in which such loans, leases,
installment sales contracts and other credit transactions have been
administered and serviced, nor Fidelity\'s procedures and practices of
approving or rejecting applications for such transactions, violates   
35    any federal, state or local Law applicable thereto, including
without limitation the TILA, Regulations O and Z of the Federal Reserve
Board, the CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, as amended, and state Laws
relating to consumer protection, installment sales and usury.   5.24
Transactions. None of Fidelity or any of its Subsidiaries has entered into
any contract, agreement or is subject to any Governmental Order, subject
to any restrictions concerning (i) any of its businesses, (ii) businesses it
may engage in, (iii) the conduct of its business, (iv) customers it may
solicit or accept business from or (v) Persons it may solicit for employment
or hire.   5.25 State Takeover Statutes. Fidelity is exempt from and the
Merger shall not be subject to any state takeover Law.   5.26 Real
Property.   (a) Section 5.26 of the Fidelity Disclosure Letter identifies
each  parcel of real property owned ("Owned Real Property") or occupied by 
Fidelity or a Fidelity Subsidiary (collectively "Real Estate") and 
accompanying the Fidelity Disclosure Letter is a complete copy of each  lease
pertaining to Real Estate to which Fidelity or a Fidelity Subsidiary  is a
party.   (b) To the Knowledge of Fidelity, the building, structures and 
improvements located on, fixtures contained in, and appurtenances attached 
to, each Real Estate conform and are in compliance, in all material 
respects, with all applicable Laws, including Environmental Laws and the 
Americans With Disabilities Act. Fidelity has not received any notice from  a
lessor, any Governmental Authority or any other Person requiring any work  or
repairs to Real Estate that the tenant has not completed in compliance  with
such notice. To the Knowledge of Fidelity, in their present state of  repair
all structural and mechanical components of the facilities serving  the Real
Estate (including the roof, all heating, ventilation, plumbing and 
electrical systems used in the operation thereof) are adequate for 
Fidelity\'s or the applicable Fidelity Subsidiary\'s purposes, and
sufficient  to permit the use of the Real Estate in a manner consistent with
Fidelity\'s  or the applicable Fidelity Subsidiary\'s past practice.   5.27
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Fidelity is in compliance with the provisions, including
Section 404, of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the certifications provided and
to be provided pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 thereof are accurate.  
5.28 Notice of Breach or Potential Breach. Fidelity shall promptly
notify National City of any change, circumstance or event which would cause
any of the representations or warranties made by Fidelity pursuant to this
Agreement to be untrue as of the date hereof or at Closing Date or which
prevents Fidelity from complying with any of its obligations hereunder. To
the Knowledge of Fidelity, there is no fact or development that would have a
Material Adverse Effect, or which might in the future, in Fidelity\'s
reasonable judgment, have a Material Adverse Effect, on Fidelity\'s or its
Subsidiaries\' continuing business, which has not been set forth in this
Agreement, the Fidelity Reports or the Fidelity Disclosure Letter.   
36     5.29 Disclosure. No representation or warranty by Fidelity in
this Agreement after giving effect to the disclosures set forth in the
Fidelity Disclosure Letter, contains any untrue statement of a material fact
or omits to state a material fact required to be stated herein or therein or
necessary to make any statement herein or therein not materially misleading.
Any claim by National City of a breach of representation, warranty, covenant,
agreement or obligation of Fidelity hereunder will not be affected by any
investigation conducted by National City with respect to, or knowledge
acquired (or capable of being acquired), with respect to the accuracy or
inaccuracy of or compliance with any such representation, warranty, covenant,
agreement or obligation.   VI. COVENANTS   6.1 Acquisition Proposals.
Fidelity and each Fidelity Subsidiary shall not, directly or indirectly, and
shall instruct and otherwise use its best efforts to cause their respective
officers, directors, employees, agents or advisors or other representatives
or consultants not to, directly or indirectly, (i) other than purchases or
sales of loans or securities in the ordinary course of its business
consistent with past practice, solicit or initiate any proposals or offers
from any Person relating to any acquisition or purchase of all or a material
amount of the assets of or any securities of (including any tender offer or
exchange offer), or any proposal for merger, consolidation or
business combination recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving Fidelity or a Fidelity Subsidiary (such transactions
are referred to herein as "Acquisition Transactions") or (ii) except to the
extent that the board of directors of Fidelity determines in good faith,
after consultation with outside legal counsel, in the exercise of its
fiduciary duties in accordance with applicable Law, to participate in any
discussions or negotiation regarding, or furnish to any other Person any
information with respect to, an Acquisition Transaction; provided, however,
that nothing contained in this Section 6.1 shall restrict or prohibit any
disclosure by Fidelity that is required in any document to be filed with the
Commission after the date of this Agreement or any disclosure that, the board
of directors of Fidelity determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside legal counsel, is otherwise required under applicable Law. Fidelity
will, and cause each Fidelity Subsidiary to, immediately cease and cause to
be terminated any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any
parties conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing. Fidelity
will notify National City immediately if any such inquiries or proposals are
received by, any such information is requested from, or any such negotiations
or discussions are sought to be initiated or continued with Fidelity or any
Fidelity Subsidiary.   6.2 Interim Operations of Fidelity. During the period
from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, except as specifically
contemplated by this Agreement or as otherwise approved expressly in writing
by National City (which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), Fidelity agrees for itself and its Subsidiaries as follows:   (a)
Conduct of Business. Fidelity shall, and shall cause each Fidelity 
Subsidiary to, conduct their respective businesses only in, and not take  any
action except in, the ordinary course of business consistent with past 
practice. Fidelity shall use reasonable efforts to preserve intact the 
business organization of Fidelity and each Fidelity Subsidiary, to keep 
available the services of its and their present key officers and employees 
and to preserve the goodwill of those having business relationships with 
Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary. Other than in the ordinary course of 
business    37     consistent with past practice, Fidelity shall not
(i) incur any  indebtedness for borrowed money (it being understood and
agreed that  incurrence of indebtedness in the ordinary course of business
shall  include, without limitation, the creation of deposit liabilities,
purchases  of federal funds, entering into short-term borrowings with federal
home  loan banks, sales of certificates of deposit and entering into
repurchase  agreements), (ii) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an 
accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other Person,  or
(iii) make any loan or advance. Fidelity shall not, and shall not permit  any
of the Fidelity Subsidiaries to adopt a plan of complete or partial 
liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such a liquidation 
or dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization.   (b)
Certificates and By-Laws. Fidelity shall not and shall not permit  any
Fidelity Subsidiary to make any change or amendment to their respective 
certificates of incorporation or by-laws (or comparable governing 
instruments) in a manner that would materially and adversely effect either 
party\'s ability to consummate the Merger or the economic benefits of the 
Merger to either Party.   (c) Capital Stock. Fidelity shall not, and shall
not permit any  Fidelity Subsidiary to, issue or sell any shares of capital
stock or any  other securities of any of them (other than pursuant to
outstanding  exercisable stock options granted prior to the date of this
Agreement  pursuant to the Fidelity Option Plan) or issue any securities
convertible  into or exchangeable for, or options, warrants to purchase,
scrip, rights  to subscribe for, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating  to, or enter into any contract, understanding or
arrangement with respect  to the issuance of, any shares of capital stock or
any other securities of  any of them or enter into any arrangement or
contract with respect to the  purchase or voting of shares of their capital
stock, or adjust, split,  combine or reclassify any of their capital stock or
other securities or  make any other changes in their capital structures.
Neither Fidelity nor  any Fidelity Subsidiary shall grant any awards under
any Fidelity Employee  Plan, including, without limitation, stock options,
restricted stock, stock  units or stock.   (d) Dividends. Fidelity shall
not, and shall not permit any Fidelity  Subsidiary to, declare, set aside,
pay or make any dividend or other  distribution or payment (whether in cash,
stock or property) with respect  to, or purchase or redeem, any shares of the
capital stock of any of them  other than (i) regular quarterly cash dividends
in an amount not to exceed  $0.08 per share of Fidelity Common Stock payable
on the regular historical  payment dates, (ii) dividends paid by any Fidelity
Subsidiary to Fidelity  or another Fidelity Subsidiary with respect to its
capital stock between  the date hereof and the Effective Time and (iii)
regular quarterly cash  dividends paid on the preferred stock of Fidelity
Capital Trust II and  Fidelity Capital Trust III. It is agreed by the Parties
that they will  cooperate to assure that, during any quarter, there shall not
be a  duplication of nor omission of payment of dividends to stockholders
of  Fidelity.   (e) Employee Plans, Compensation, Etc. Except as otherwise
provided in  this Agreement and Section 6.5(g) of the National City
Disclosure Letter,  Fidelity shall not, and shall not permit any Fidelity
Subsidiary (i) to  adopt or amend (except as required by Law (including as
required to  maintain qualification under Section 401(a) of the Code) or
other  contractual obligations existing on the date hereof so long as
Fidelity  provides    38     advance written notice to National City
of such adoption or amendment) any  bonus, profit sharing, compensation,
severance, termination, stock option,  pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment or other employee  benefit agreements, trusts,
plans, funds or other arrangements for the  benefit or welfare of any
director, officer or employee, (ii) (except for  normal merit increases to
employees in the ordinary course of business  consistent with past practice
not to exceed the limit set forth in Section  6.5(g) of the National City
Disclosure Letter) to increase the compensation  or fringe benefits of any
director, officer or employee or pay any benefit  not required by any
existing plan, agreement or arrangement (including,  without limitation, the
granting of stock options or stock appreciation  rights), (iii) to promote
any officer or employee or change the title of  any officer or employee or
(iv) to take any action or grant any benefit not  required under the terms of
any existing agreements, trusts, plans, funds  or other such arrangements or
enter into any contract, agreement,  commitment or arrangement to do any of
the foregoing.   (f) Certain Policies. Fidelity will modify and change its
loan,  litigation, real estate valuation asset, liquidity and investment
portfolio  policies and practices (including loan classifications and level
of  reserves) immediately prior to the Effective Time so as to be consistent
on  a mutually satisfactory basis with those of National City and U.S. GAAP
and  in a manner that does not violate applicable Law. Any modification or 
change made or action taken pursuant to this Section 6.2(f) shall not  impact
(by either increasing or decreasing) the benefits or bonuses to the 
officers, directors or employees of Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary 
under the Fidelity Employee Plans. Fidelity\'s representations, warranties 
or covenants contained in this Agreement shall not be deemed to be untrue  or
breached in any respect for any purpose as a consequence of any such 
modifications or changes.   (g) Other Operations. During the period from the
date of this  Agreement to the Effective Time, Fidelity will not take any
action that  could (i) materially delay or adversely affect the ability of
National City  to obtain any approvals of Government Entities required to
permit  consummation of the Merger or (ii) materially and adversely affect
its  ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to
consummate  the transactions contemplated hereby.   (h) Delivery of Monthly
Financial Information. Fidelity shall promptly  after (i) the end of each
month (and in no event later than twenty (20)  days after the last day of
such month) deliver to National City an  unaudited balance sheet and a
statement of income of Fidelity as of and for  such month then ended (the
"Monthly Financial Information"). The Monthly  Financial Information shall be
prepared on a basis consistent with the  interim Fidelity Financial
Statements.   6.3 Interim Operations of National City. During the period
from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, without the prior
written consent of Fidelity, National City will not take any action that
would (a) materially delay or adversely affect the ability of National City
to obtain any approvals of Governmental Authorities required to permit
consummation of the Merger or (b) materially and adversely affect its ability
to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the
transaction contemplated hereby.    39     6.4 Control of Other
Party\'s Business. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give National
City, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations
of Fidelity or shall give Fidelity, directly or indirectly, the right to
control or direct the operations of National City prior to the Effective
Time. Prior to the Effective Time, each of Fidelity and National City shall
exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, complete control and supervision over its and its Subsidiaries\'
respective operations.   6.5 Employee Matters.   (a) Benefit Agreements.
National City shall honor, maintain and  perform at and after the Effective
Time, without deduction, counterclaims,  interruptions or deferment (other
than withholding under applicable Law),  all of Fidelity\'s and Fidelity\'s
Subsidiaries\' vested obligations under  Fidelity Employee Plans. This
provision shall not be construed as  precluding the merger of a Fidelity
Employee Plan into a National City  Employee Plan; provided, however, that
National City shall have the right  to delay the payment, or limit the form
of payment of any amount under any  Fidelity Employee Plan to the extent
National City and Fidelity jointly  and, in good faith, determine that such
delay or limitation is necessary to  avoid adverse tax consequences under
Section 409A of the Code and the  regulations promulgated thereunder;
provided, however, that any delay or  limitation in the form of payment shall
be no longer than reasonably  necessary to avoid such adverse tax
consequences and such payment shall be  made, to the maximum extent possible,
in accordance with the payment  election so made, if any, or to give effect
to the plan or agreement under  which the payment is made.   (b) Employment
of Continuing Employees. To the extent permitted by  Law, National City
agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts so  that each Person who
is an employee of Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary  immediately prior to
the Effective Time (individually, a "Continuing  Employee" and, collectively,
the "Continuing Employees") shall be an  employee of National City or one of
its Subsidiaries as of the Effective  Time. After the conversion of the
Continuing Employees to National City\'s  welfare plans as contemplated by
Section 6.5(d) below, each Continuing  Employee, while employed by National
City or one of its Subsidiaries, shall  continue to receive base pay and
benefits under the Eligible Plans that in  the aggregate are no less
favorable than the benefits under the Eligible  Plans enjoyed generally by
National City employees working in similar  business lines.   (c)
Employment and Change in Control Agreements. National City  acknowledges
that, and will cause the Surviving Corporation to acknowledge  that, the
consummation of the Merger shall be considered a "change in  control" under
the agreements set forth in Section 6.5(c) of the National  City Disclosure
Letter. The acceleration of the amounts required to be paid  under this
paragraph shall not be considered compensation, annual  compensation or final
monthly compensation for purposes of increasing any  payment made under any
employment, change in control or other severance  agreement or any
nonqualified deferred compensation plan to which such  person is a party.  
(d) Participation in National City Employee Plans. As soon as  practicable
after the Effective Time, National City and its Subsidiaries  shall cause the
Continuing    40    Employees, while employed by National City or any of
its Subsidiaries, to  be eligible to participate in the plans listed in
Section 6.5(d) of the  National City Disclosure Letter (the "Eligible Plans")
that similarly  situated National City employees participate. In the event
that applicable  Law or the terms of National City Employee Plans do not
permit immediate  eligibility for the Continuing Employees for any Eligible
Plans, the  Continuing Employees shall be eligible to participate in such
Eligible Plan  as of the earliest eligibility date. Prior to such time as a
Continuing  Employee becomes eligible to participate in the Eligible Plans,
National  City covenants that it will sponsor and maintain the Fidelity
Employee  Plans as listed in Section 6.5(d) of the National City Disclosure
Letter to  permit the continued participation of Continuing Employees to the
extent  permitted by contract and Law in the best efforts of National City to
avoid  a gap in coverage.   (e) Credit for Service. For purposes of all
Eligible Plans covering  Continuing Employees or any of their dependents or
beneficiaries, National  City shall credit or shall cause Surviving
Corporation to credit the  Continuing Employees with all service with,
Fidelity or any Fidelity  Subsidiaries for purposes of eligibility and
vesting as if such service had  been performed for National City, but not for
purposes of eligibility,  vesting or benefits under National City\'s retiree
welfare benefit plan and  the National City Non-Contributory Retirement Plan.
Notwithstanding  anything herein to the contrary, years of service for
Fidelity or any  Fidelity Subsidiary shall be counted for benefit accrual
purposes under  National City\'s vacation pay plan and National City
Severance Benefit Plan  to which a Continuing Employee may become
subject.   (f) Severance Upon Termination of Continuing Employee. If a
Continuing  Employee is terminated without cause at or after the Effective
Time by  National City or any of its Subsidiaries, (i) on or prior to the
first  anniversary of the Effective Time, such Continuing Employee shall be 
entitled to severance benefits from National City and its Subsidiaries that 
would have been paid under the severance benefit plan or program of  Fidelity
applicable to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the  Effective
Time, and (ii) after the first anniversary of the Effective Time,  such
Continuing Employee shall be entitled to severance benefits from  National
City and its Subsidiaries in accordance with the National City  Severance
Benefit Plan for similarly situated employees.   (g) Additional Agreements.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in  this Agreement, Fidelity and
National City shall take all actions necessary  to enact the items set forth
on Section 6.5(g) of the National City  Disclosure Letter, and Section 6.5(g)
of the National City Disclosure  Letter shall be deemed incorporated into
this Section 6.5(g).   (h) Employee Stock Ownership Plan. Promptly after the
execution of  this Agreement, Fidelity shall take such action as is necessary
in order to  seek a favorable determination letter on the termination of
Fidelity\'s  employee stock ownership plan ("ESOP") in accordance with the
ESOP\'s  provisions. As of or immediately prior to the Effective Time, the
ESOP  would be terminated in accordance with its provisions and any
terminating  amendments, and the outstanding balance of the ESOP loan would
be repaid  with the merger consideration received on shares held in the
suspense  account (i.e., the account that holds shares purchased with the
ESOP loan  prior to allocation to    41     participants). Any
remaining merger consideration in the ESOP suspense  account will be
allocated to participants\' accounts upon the repayment of  the ESOP loan.
Promptly upon the latter of (i) the receipt of the favorable  determination
letter and (ii) the Effective Time, the ESOP account balances  shall be
distributed to the ESOP participants.   6.6 Access and Information. Upon
reasonable notice, National City and Fidelity shall, and shall cause its
respective Subsidiaries to, afford to the other party hereto and its
representatives (including, without limitation, directors, officers and
employees of such investigating party and its Affiliates, and counsel,
accountants and other professionals retained) such access during normal
business hours throughout the period prior to the Effective Time to the
books, records (including, without limitation, tax returns and work papers of
independent auditors), properties, personnel and to such other information as
such investigating party may reasonably request; provided, however, that a
party shall not be required to provide access to any such information if the
providing of such access (i) would be reasonably likely, in the advice of
counsel, to result in the loss or impairment of any privilege generally
recognized under Law with respect to such information, (ii) would
be precluded by any Law or Governmental Order of any Governmental Authority,
or (iii) subject to Section 6.1 above, relates to confidential board
deliberations relating to such Party\'s discussions of this Agreement or an
Acquisition Proposal. Any claim by a Party for a breach of representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation of such Party hereunder shall not
be affected by any investigation conducted by such Party with respect to, or
knowledge acquired (or capable of being acquired), with respect to the
accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with any such representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation. All information contemplated
hereby shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality
Agreement.   6.7 Certain Filings, Consents and Arrangements. National City
and Fidelity each shall (a) by a date mutually agreeable to the parties, make
any required filings and applications required to be filed with Governmental
Authorities between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, (b)
cooperate with one another (i) in promptly determining whether any other
filings are required to be made or consents, approvals, permits or
authorizations are required to be obtained under any other relevant Law and
(ii) in promptly making any such filings, furnishing information required in
connection therewith and seeking timely to obtain any such consents,
approvals, permits or authorizations, and (c) deliver to the other Party
copies of the publicly available portions of all such reports promptly after
they are filed.   6.8 State Takeover Statutes. Fidelity shall take all
necessary steps to (i) exempt Fidelity and the Merger from the requirements
of any state or federal takeover Law by action of Fidelity\'s board of
directors or otherwise and (ii), upon the request of National City, assist in
any challenge by National City to the applicability to the Merger of any
state takeover Law.   6.9 Indemnification.   (a) From and after the
Effective Time, in the event of any threatened  or actual claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,  criminal or
administrative, including, without limitation, any such claim,  action, suit,
proceeding or investigation in which any Person who is now,  or has been at
any time prior to the date of this Agreement, or who becomes  prior to the
Effective Time, a director or officer of Fidelity or any  Fidelity Subsidiary
(the "DandO; Indemnitees") is, or is threatened to be,  made a    42    
party based in whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, 
or pertaining to (i) the fact that he is or was a director, officer or 
employee of Fidelity, any of the Fidelity Subsidiaries or any of their 
respective predecessors; or (ii) this Agreement or any of the transactions 
contemplated hereby, whether in any case asserted or arising before or  after
the Effective Time, National City shall assume and honor any  obligation
Fidelity had immediately prior to the Effective Time with  respect to the
indemnification of each such DandO; Indemnitee against any  losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including reasonable  attorney\'s fees
and expenses in advance of the final disposition of any  claim, suit,
proceeding or investigation to each DandO; Indemnitee to the  fullest extent
permitted by Law upon receipt of any undertaking required by  applicable
Law), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in  connection with any
such threatened or actual claim, action, suit,  proceeding or investigation,
and in the event of any such threatened or  actual claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation (whether asserted  or arising before or after the
Effective Time). National City\'s obligations  under this Section 6.9(a)
shall continue in full force and effect for a  period of six (6) years from
the Effective Time; provided, however, that  all rights to indemnification in
respect of any Claim asserted or made  within such period shall continue
until the final disposition of such  Claim.   (b) National City agrees that
all rights to indemnification and all  limitations on liability existing in
favor of the directors, officers and  employees of Fidelity and the Fidelity
Subsidiaries, and their respective  heirs and assigns (the "Covered Parties")
as provided in their respective  articles or certificate of incorporation or
code of regulations or by-laws  as in effect as of the date hereof with
respect to matters occurring prior  to the Effective Time shall survive the
Merger and shall continue in full  force and effect, without any amendment
thereto.   (c) National City, from and after the Effective Time, shall (i)
cause  the Persons who served as directors or officers of Fidelity and the 
Fidelity Subsidiaries on or before the Effective Time to be covered by 
Fidelity\'s existing directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy
or  an equivalent "tail" directors and officers liability insurance policy
for  a period of not less than six (6) years from the Effective Time
(provided,  that National City may maintain policies that provide at least
similar  coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which are not 
materially less favorable than such policy) (the "Insurance Policies"); 
provided, however, that (i) after the first year of coverage under the 
Insurance Policies, National City shall not be obligated to make annual 
premium payments (or the annualized equivalent in premium payments for 
whatever period may be covered) pursuant to this Section 6.9(c) for the 
Insurance Policies to the extent such premiums exceed 150% of the annual 
premiums paid as of the date hereof by Fidelity for its current premiums  for
such insurance (the "Insurance Expense Cap"), and (ii) National City  shall
use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Insurance Policies  commencing
on the Effective Time and, within the Insurance Expense Cap,  keep such
Insurance Policies in effect until the sixth anniversary of the  Effective
Time. If National City is unable to obtain such Insurance Policy  with the
coverage required hereby within the Insurance Expense Cap, then  National
City shall use the full amount of the Insurance Expense Cap to  obtain one or
more alternate insurance policies with as much coverage as is  commercially
obtainable.    43     (d) If National City or any of its successors or
assigns (i)  consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not
be the  continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger,
or  (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties
and  assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, to the extent
necessary,  proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns
of  National City assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.9.  
(e) The provisions of this Section 6.9 are intended to be for the  benefit
of, and shall be enforceable by, as the case may be, each  Indemnitee or
director or officer of Fidelity and each Fidelity Subsidiary  and their
respective heirs, representatives and assigns. National City  agrees to pay
all costs and expenses (including fees and expenses of  counsel) that may be
incurred by any such Person or his or her personal  representatives in
successfully enforcing the obligations of National City  under this Section
6.9. The provisions of this Section 6.9 shall survive  the Closing for an
indefinite period of time and are in addition to any  other rights to which a
DandO; Indemnitee may be entitled.   6.10 Additional Agreements.   (a)
Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each Party agrees to use
its reasonable best efforts to take promptly, or cause to be taken promptly,
all actions and to do promptly, or cause to be done promptly, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Laws to consummate and make
effective as promptly as practicable the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including using its reasonable best efforts to obtain all
necessary actions or non-actions, extensions, waivers, consents and approvals
from all applicable Governmental Authorities or Persons, effecting all
necessary registrations, applications and filings and obtaining any required
contractual consents and regulatory approvals, except Fidelity shall use its
best efforts to take or obtain all necessary actions or non-actions,
extensions, waivers, consents and approvals from all applicable Governmental
Authorities or Persons for the contracts identified on Section 6.10(a) of the
National City Disclosure Letter.   (b) Each Party covenants, for itself and
its Affiliates, not to take intentionally any action that would, or
reasonably might be expected to, result in any of its representations and
warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue, subject to
such exceptions as do not have, and would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on National City
or on the Surviving Corporation following the Effective Time, or in any of
the conditions to the Merger not being satisfied or in a violation of any
provision of this Agreement, or (unless such action is required by applicable
Law) which would adversely affect the ability of the Parties to obtain any
approval required for the consummation of the Merger without imposition of
conditions or restrictions.   (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, Fidelity and National City shall take all actions
necessary to enact the items set forth on Section 6.10(c) of the National
City Disclosure Letter, and Section 6.10(c) of the National City Disclosure
Letter shall be deemed incorporated into this Section 6.10(c).   6.11
Publicity. The initial press release announcing this Agreement shall be a
joint press release and thereafter Fidelity and National City shall
consult with each other in issuing    44    any press releases or
otherwise making public statements with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby, including, any statements or announcements to employees
or customers of Fidelity, and in making any filings with any Governmental
Authority or with any national securities exchange with respect thereto.  
6.12 Registration Statement. National City shall prepare and file
the Registration Statement with the Commission as soon as is reasonably
practicable following receipt of final comments from the Staff of the
Commission on the Proxy Statement (or advice that such Staff will not review
such filing) and shall use all reasonable efforts to have the Registration
Statement declared effective by the Commission as promptly as practicable and
to maintain the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. National City
shall also take any action required to be taken under state blue sky or
securities Laws in connection with the issuance of the National City Common
Stock pursuant to the Merger, and Fidelity shall promptly furnish National
City all information concerning Fidelity and the holders of its capital stock
and shall take any action as National City may reasonably request in
connection with any such action.   6.13 Proxy Statement. As soon as
practicable after the date hereof, Fidelity shall prepare the Proxy
Statement. Promptly after the Registration Statement becomes effective,
Fidelity shall mail the Proxy Statement to all holders of shares of Fidelity
Common Stock. National City and Fidelity shall reasonably cooperate with each
other in the preparation of the Registration Statement.   6.14 Stock
Exchange Listings. National City shall assure that the National City Common
Stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger is properly listed on the New York
Stock Exchange.   6.15 Stockholders\' Meeting. Fidelity shall take all
action necessary, in accordance with applicable Law and its certificate of
incorporation and by-laws, to convene a special meeting of the holders of
Fidelity Common Stock (the "Fidelity Meeting") as promptly as practicable for
the purpose of considering and taking action upon this Agreement. Unless the
board of directors of Fidelity shall have determined in good faith, after
consultation with outside legal counsel, that making such a recommendation
would cause the board of directors of Fidelity to violate its fiduciary duty
under applicable Law, the board of directors of Fidelity shall recommend that
the holders of Fidelity Common Stock vote in favor of and approve the Merger
and adopt this Agreement at the Fidelity Meeting.   6.16 Tax-Free
Reorganization Treatment. Neither National City nor Fidelity shall
intentionally take or cause to be taken any action, whether before or after
the Effective Time, which would disqualify the Merger as a "reorganization"
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   6.17 Section 16.
National City and Fidelity agree that, in order to most effectively
compensate and retain Fidelity Insiders (as defined below) in connection with
the Merger, both prior to and after the Effective Time, it is desirable that
Fidelity Insiders not be subject to a risk of liability under Section 16(b)
of the Exchange Act to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law in
connection with the conversion of shares of Fidelity Common Stock
and Unexercised Options into Merger Consideration, and for that compensatory
and retentive purpose agree to the provisions of this Section 6.17.
"Fidelity Insiders" shall mean those officers and directors of   
45    Fidelity who are subject to the reporting requirements of Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act. Fidelity shall, reasonably promptly following the
date hereof, provide to National City a list of (a) the Fidelity Insiders,
(b) the number of shares of National City Common Stock expected to be
received pursuant to the Merger, as appropriate, by each Fidelity Insider at
the Effective Time on account of shares of Fidelity Common Stock thereon,
reasonably expected to be held by such Fidelity Insider immediately prior to
the Effective Time and (c) a description of the material terms of such
Unexercised Options. Prior to the Effective Time, (x) Fidelity\'s board of
directors shall take such actions consistent with the Commission\'s
interpretive guidance to approve the disposition of shares of Fidelity Common
Stock and Unexercised Options thereon, by each Fidelity Insider for purposes
of Rule 16b-3(e) such that the deemed "sale" of such shares of Fidelity
Common Stock and Fidelity Options thereon by such Persons pursuant to the
Merger shall be exempt from liability pursuant to Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act, and (y) the National City board of directors shall take such
action consistent with the Commission\'s interpretive guidance to approve the
acquisition of shares of National City Common Stock by each director and
officer of National City for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the Exchange Act
such that the deemed "purchase" of such shares of National City Common Stock,
by such Persons pursuant to the Merger shall be exempt from
liability pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.   6.18 Title
Examinations. As soon as practicable but in no event later than October 31,
2006, Fidelity shall cause, at its sole cost and expense, a title company,
mutually acceptable to National City and Fidelity, to deliver
title examinations for each Owned Real Property.   VII. CLOSING MATTERS  
7.1 The Closing. Subject to satisfaction or waiver of all
conditions precedent set forth in Article VII below, the closing (the
"Closing") shall occur at such location mutually agreeable to the Parties and
on a date (the "Closing Date") which is seven (7) Business Days after the
latest of:   (a) January 5, 2007;   (b) the first date on which the Merger
may be consummated in  accordance with the approvals of any Governmental
Authorities; and   (c) the date the required approvals of Fidelity\'s
stockholders have  been obtained,  or such other date to which the Parties
agree in writing. If all conditions are determined to be satisfied in all
material respects (or are duly waived) at the Closing, the Closing shall be
consummated by the making of all necessary filings required by all
Governmental Authorities to effect the Closing.   7.2 Documents and
Certificates. National City and Fidelity shall use their respective
reasonable best efforts, on or prior to Closing, to execute and deliver all
such instruments, documents or certificates as may be necessary or advisable,
on the advice of counsel, for the consummation at the Closing of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to occur as soon as
practicable.    46     VIII. CONDITIONS   8.1 Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligations to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of each
party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to
the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a) The Merger shall have
been approved and adopted by the requisite  vote of the holders of shares of
Fidelity Common Stock.   (b) The shares of National City Common Stock
issuable in the Merger  shall have been authorized for listing on the New
York Stock Exchange.   (c) All authorizations, consents, orders or approvals
of, and all  expirations of waiting periods imposed by, any Governmental
Authority  (collectively, "Consents") which are necessary for the
consummation of the  Merger, (other than immaterial Consents, the failure to
obtain of which  would not have a Material Adverse Effect to, National City
and National  City\'s Subsidiaries taken as a whole or Fidelity and Fidelity
Subsidiaries  taken as a whole) shall have been obtained or shall have
occurred and shall  be in full force and effect at the Effective Time;
provided, however, that  no Consent shall be deemed to have been received if
it shall include any  conditions or requirements which would so materially
adversely impact the  economic or business benefits of the transactions
contemplated by this  Agreement so as to render inadvisable in the reasonable
opinion of National  City the consummation of the Merger.   (d) The
Registration Statement shall have become effective in  accordance with the
provisions of the Securities Act. No stop order  suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement shall have been  issued by the Commission and
remain in effect; provided, however, that  prior to June 30, 2007, the fact
that a stop order has been issued and  remains in effect shall not be the
sole basis for termination of this  Agreement by a Party pursuant to Sections
9.1(d) or 9.1(e) of this  Agreement so long as the other party is taking, or
cooperating in taking,  all commercially reasonable actions to obtain the
lifting of such stop  order.   (e) No temporary restraining order,
preliminary or permanent  injunction or other order by any federal or state
court in the United  States which prevents the consummation of the Merger
shall have been issued  and remain in effect; provided, however, that prior
to the earlier of (i)  June 30, 2007 or (ii) the time at which such
injunction or order becomes  final and non-appealable, the entry of any such
injunction or order shall  not be the sole basis for termination of this
Agreement by a Party pursuant  to Section 9.1(d) of this Agreement so long as
the other Party is taking,  or cooperating in taking, all commercially
reasonable actions to cause such  injunction or order to be appealed,
vacated, lifted or otherwise modified  to permit the Merger to become
effective.   (f) Jones Day ("Jones Day") shall have delivered to Fidelity
and  National City, respectively, their opinion, dated the day of the
Effective  Time, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of facts, 
representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion which are 
consistent with the state of facts existing at the Effective Time, the 
Merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization 
within the meaning of    47     Section 368(a) of the Code and that,
accordingly: (i) no gain or loss will  be recognized by National City or
Fidelity as a result of the Merger; (ii)  no gain or loss will be recognized
by the stockholders of Fidelity who  exchange their shares of Fidelity Common
Stock solely for shares of  National City Common Stock pursuant to the Merger
(except with respect to  cash received in lieu of a fractional share interest
in shares of National  City Common Stock); (iii) the tax basis of the shares
of National City  Common Stock received by stockholders who exchange all of
their shares of  Fidelity Common Stock solely for shares of National City
Common Stock in  the Merger will be the same as the tax basis of the shares
of Fidelity  Common Stock surrendered in exchange therefor (reduced by any
amount  allocable to a fractional share interest for which cash is received);
and  (iv) the holding period of the shares of National City Common Stock 
received in the Merger will include the period during which the shares of 
Fidelity Common Stock surrendered in exchange therefor were held, provided 
such shares of Fidelity Common Stock were held as capital assets at the 
Effective Time. In rendering such opinion, counsel may require and rely  upon
representations contained in certificates of officers of Fidelity,  National
City, and others.   8.2 Conditions to Obligation of Fidelity to Effect the
Merger. The obligation of Fidelity to effect the Merger shall be subject to
the fulfillment or waiver at or prior to the Closing Date of the additional
following conditions:   (a) National City shall have performed in all
material respects its  covenants contained in this Agreement required to be
performed at or prior  to the Effective Time.   (b) The representations and
warranties of National City contained in  this Agreement shall be true and
correct when made and shall be true and  correct as of the Effective Time as
if made at and as of such time, except  as expressly contemplated or
permitted by this Agreement, except for  representations and warranties
relating to a time or times other than the  Effective Time which were or will
be true and correct at such time or  times.   (c) National City shall have
furnished Fidelity a certificate dated  the date of the Closing, signed by
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief  Financial Officer of National City
that, to the Knowledge of National City,  the conditions set forth in
Subsections 8.2(a) and 8.2(b) above have been  satisfied.   8.3 Conditions
to Obligation of National City to Effect the Merger. The obligation of
National City to effect the Merger shall be subject to the fulfillment or
waiver at or prior to the Closing Date of the additional following
conditions:   (a) Fidelity shall have performed in all material respects
its  covenants contained in this Agreement required to be performed at or
prior  to the Effective Time.   (b) The representations and warranties of
Fidelity contained in this  Agreement shall be true and correct when made and
shall be true and correct  as of the Effective Time as if made on and as of
such time, except as  expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement,
except for  representations and warranties relating to a time   
48     or times other than the Effective Time which were or will be true
and  correct at such time or times.   (c) Fidelity shall have furnished
National City a certificate dated  the date of the Closing signed by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief  Financial Officer of Fidelity that, to the
Knowledge of Fidelity, the  conditions set forth in Subsections 8.3(a) and
8.3(b) above have been  satisfied.   IX. TERMINATION   9.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time,
notwithstanding any approval or adoption of this Agreement by the
stockholders of Fidelity:   (a) by mutual written consent of the board of
directors of National  City and the board of directors of Fidelity;   (b)
by National City or Fidelity if the Merger shall not have been  consummated
on or before June 30, 2007 and such terminating party is not in  material
breach hereof;   (c) by National City or Fidelity if the condition specified
in Section  8.1(a) has not been met.   (d) by National City or Fidelity if
any of the conditions specified in  Sections 8.1(b), (c), (d) or (e) have not
been met or waived by Fidelity  and National City at such time as such
condition can no longer be  satisfied;   (e) by National City or Fidelity
if the condition specified in Section  8.1(f) has not been met or waived by
National City and Fidelity, and an  equivalent opinion from a nationally
recognized law firm reasonably  acceptable to the Parties within thirty (30)
days of being notified that  Jones Day is unwilling or unable to provide the
opinion set for in Section  8.1(f);   (f) by Fidelity (i) if any condition
specified in Sections 8.2 (b) or  (c) above has not been met or waived by
Fidelity at such time as such  condition is no longer capable of being
satisfied or (ii) if the condition  specified in Section 8.2(a) has not been
met or waived by Fidelity, but in  connection with this clause (ii) only
after Fidelity has furnished written  notice to National City of its failure
to perform and such failure has not  been cured or waived by the earlier of
thirty (30) days after the date of  such notice or June 30, 2007;   (g) by
National City (i) if any condition specified in Sections 8.3  (b) or (c)
above has not been met or waived by National City at such time  as such
condition is no longer capable of being satisfied or (ii) if the  condition
specified in Section 8.3(a) has not been met or waived by  National City, but
in connection with this clause (ii) only after National  City has furnished
written notice to Fidelity of its failure to perform and  such   
49     failure has not been cured or waived by the earlier of thirty (30)
days  after the date of such notice or June 30, 2007;   (h) by National
City or Fidelity if any Governmental Authority shall  have enacted, issued,
promulgated, enforced or entered any final and  non-appealable injunction,
order, decree or ruling that has the effect of  making consummation of the
Merger illegal or otherwise preventing or  prohibiting consummation of the
Merger;   (i) by National City if the Fidelity Meeting shall not have been 
convened by the later of (A) November 30, 2006 or (B) sixty-five (65) days 
after the Registration Statement becomes effective;   (j) by National City,
if after recommending that the stockholders of  Fidelity approve and adopt
this Agreement, the board of directors of  Fidelity shall have withdrawn,
modified or amended such recommendation in  any manner adverse to National
City, except for a withdrawal, modification  or amendment following (i) a
breach of a representation or warranty of  National City contained in this
Agreement, (ii) a failure of National City  to perform in all material
respects its covenants contained in this  Agreement, but only after Fidelity
has furnished National City written  notice to National City of its failure
to perform and such failure has not  been cured or waived by the earlier of
thirty (30) days after the date of  such notice or June 30, 2007, or (iii) a
Material Adverse Effect occurring  with respect to National City;   (k) by
National City if the board of directors of Fidelity does not  publicly
recommend in the Proxy Statement that Fidelity\'s stockholders  approve and
adopt the Agreement, except for the failure to make a  recommendation
following (i) a breach of a representation or warranty of  National City
contained in this Agreement, (ii) a failure of National City  to perform in
all material respects its covenants contained in this  Agreement, but only
after Fidelity has furnished National City written  notice to National City
of its failure to perform and such failure has not  been cured or waived by
the earlier of thirty (30) days after the date of  such notice or June 30,
2007, or (iii) a Material Adverse Effect occurring  with respect to National
City;   (l) by National City if the board of directors of Fidelity shall
have  recommended to the stockholders of Fidelity an Acquisition Transaction
with  a third party or shall have resolved to do so or shall have entered
into  any agreement for the consummation of an Acquisition Transaction with
a  third party;   (m) by National City if a tender offer or exchange offer
that if  consummated would result in any Person beneficially owning twenty-
five  percent (25%) or more of any class of equity securities of Fidelity
is  commenced, and the board of directors of Fidelity fails to recommend 
against acceptance of such tender offer or exchange offer by its 
stockholders (including by taking no position with respect to the  acceptance
of such tender offer or exchange offer by its stockholders); it  being
understood that the fact that Fidelity or any of the other Persons  described
in Section 6.1 has taken any of the actions set forth in Section  6.1 in
compliance with the terms of Section 6.1, together with a statement  that the
board of directors of Fidelity continues to recommend the Merger  and this
Agreement, shall not be considered to be a withdrawal, adverse  modification
or    50    adverse amendment in any material respect of such approval
or  recommendation of this Agreement;   (n) by National City, if Fidelity
shall have suffered a Material  Adverse Effect that cannot be cured within
thirty (30) days the occurrence  of the action or event that gave rise to
Material Adverse Effect, and  National City is not the cause of the Material
Adverse Effect; or   (o) by Fidelity, if National City shall have suffered a
Material  Adverse Effect that cannot be cured within thirty (30) days the
occurrence  of the action or event that gave rise to Material Adverse Effect,
and  Fidelity is not the cause of the Material Adverse Effect.   9.2 Effect
of Termination.   (a) In the event of termination of this Agreement by any
Party as provided in Section 9.1 above, this Agreement shall forthwith become
void and there shall be no liability on the party of either Party except (i)
as set forth in this Section 9.2, all of Sections 10.1 and 10.4, and the last
sentence of Section 6.6, which shall survive any termination of this
Agreement, and (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, neither Party shall be relieved or released from any
liabilities or damages arising out of its willful or intentional breach of
any provision of this Agreement.   (b) In recognition of the efforts,
expenses and other opportunities foregone by National City while structuring
and pursuing the Merger, the Parties hereto agree that Fidelity shall pay to
National City a termination fee of $31 million (the "National City
Termination Fee") in the manner set forth below, if this Agreement is
terminated:   (A) Each of (1) pursuant to (I) Sections 9.1(g) or (i) above
or (II)  pursuant to Sections 9.1(d) (solely with respect to Section 8.1 (e))
or (h)  as a result of any third Person or its Affiliate having initiated
or  instigated any such proceedings and if such third Person or its
Affiliate  announces its intent to engage in a bona fide Acquisition
Transaction as  determined by the board of directors of Fidelity in good
faith, after  consultation with outside legal counsel and financial
consultants, and (2)  if within eighteen (18) months following the effective
date of termination  described in Section 9.2 (b)(A)(1), Fidelity or any
Fidelity Subsidiary  enters into any agreement, contract, letter of intent or
understanding with  a third Person relating to any direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase  by such Person of Fidelity, any Fidelity Subsidiary
or any business line of  Fidelity or any equity securities of Fidelity or of
any Fidelity  Subsidiary, any tender offer or exchange offer that if
consummated would  result in any Person beneficially owning 10% or more of
any class of equity  securities of Fidelity or any Fidelity Subsidiary, any
merger,  consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation,  dissolution or similar transaction involving Fidelity or any
Fidelity  Subsidiary; or   (B) pursuant to Section 9.1(j), (k), (l) or
(m).    51     (c) If the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses
incurred by the Parties in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby will be paid by the Surviving
Corporation.   (d) Nothing contained in Section 9.2(b) shall constitute or
shall be deemed to constitute liquidated damages for the willful breach by
Fidelity of the terms of this Agreement.   X. MISCELLANEOUS   10.1 Non-
Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. The representations
and warranties or covenants in this Agreement will terminate at the Effective
Time or the earlier termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1, as
the case may be; provided, however, that if the Merger is consummated,
Sections 2.6, 3.1 3.2, 6.5, 6.9 and 6.16 hereof will survive the Effective
Time to the extent contemplated by such Sections; provided, further, that all
of this Section 10.1, the last sentence of Section 6.6 and all of Sections
9.1, 9.2 and 10.4 will in all events survive any termination of
this Agreement.   10.2 Waiver and Amendment. Subject to applicable
provisions of the DGCL, any provision of this Agreement may be waived at any
time by the Party which is, or whose stockholders are, entitled to the
benefits thereof, and this Agreement may be amended or supplemented at any
time, provided that no amendment will be made after any stockholder approval
of the Merger which reduces or changes the form of the Merger Consideration
without further stockholder approval. No such waiver, amendment or supplement
will be effective unless in a writing that makes express reference to this
Section 10.2 and is signed by the Party or Parties sought to be bound
thereby.   10.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Confidentiality
Agreement and Disclosure Letters contain the entire agreement between
National City and Fidelity with respect to the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, and supersede all prior agreements between
the Parties with respect to such matters.   10.4 Applicable Law; Consent to
Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
with the Laws of the State of Delaware. National City and Fidelity consent to
personal jurisdiction in any action brought in any federal or state court
within the city of Cleveland, Ohio, having subject matter jurisdiction in the
matter for purposes of any action arising out of this Agreement.   10.5
Notices. All notices, consents, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given or
delivered if delivered personally, telexed with receipt acknowledged, mailed
by registered or certified mail return receipt requested, sent by facsimile
with confirmation of receipt, or delivered by a recognized commercial courier
addressed as follows:    52     If to Fidelity to:   Fidelity
Bankshares, Inc.  205 Datura Street  West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Attention: Vince A. Elhilow  Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer  Fax No. (561) 803-9985   With copies to:   Luse Gorman Pomerenk
and Schick, P.C.  5335 Wisconsin Avenue, NW  Suite 400  Washington, DC
20015  Attention: Eric Luse, Esq. and Alan Schick, Esq.  Fax No. (202)
362-2902   If to National City to:   National City Corporation  P. O. Box
5756  Cleveland, Ohio 44101-0756  Attention: Chairman of the Board  Fax No.
(216) 222-2336   With a copy to:   National City Corporation  Law
Department  P. O. Box 5756  Cleveland, Ohio 44101-0756  Attention: General
Counsel  Fax No. (216) 222-2336  or to such other address as a Party may
have furnished to the other Party in writing in accordance with this Section
10.5.   10.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of
which together will constitute but one agreement.   10.7 Parties in
Interest; Assignment. Except for Section 3.5 above (which is intended to be
for the benefit of the holders of Unexercised Options under the Fidelity
Option Plan to the extent contemplated thereby and their beneficiaries, and
may be enforced by such Persons) and Sections 6.5 and 6.9 hereof (which is
intended to be for the benefit of directors, officers or employees to the
extent contemplated thereby and their beneficiaries, and may be enforced by
such Persons), this Agreement is not intended to nor will it confer upon any
other Person (other    53    than the parties hereto) any rights or
remedies. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors. Except as herein
expressly provided, without the prior written consent of the other Party,
neither National City nor Fidelity shall assign any rights or delegate any
obligations under this Agreement. Any such purported assignment or delegation
made without prior consent of the other Party shall be null and void.  
10.8 Expenses. Each party will bear all expenses incurred by it in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.   10.9
Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined
by judicial order or bank regulatory authority to be invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced under any Law or public policy, all other
terms and provisions of this Agreement will nevertheless remain in full force
and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially
adverse to either Party. Upon any such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties
will negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the
original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner
to the end that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
consummated to the extent possible.   10.10 Update and Supplement to
Disclosure Letters. Fidelity and National City shall be permitted to update
and supplement their respective Disclosure Letters so as to disclose other
information or exceptions to one or more representations or warranties
contained in Article IV hereof in the case of National City and Article V
hereof in the case of Fidelity which are a result of events which occur, or
knowledge first obtained, after the date hereof; provided, however, that,
anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) no exceptions or other
information set forth on any such updated or supplemented Disclosure Letter
shall be deemed to cure any representation or warranty which was not true and
correct as of the date hereof, and (ii) the exceptions and other information
set forth on any such updated or supplemented Disclosure Letter shall not be
taken into consideration in determining, for purposes of this Agreement,
whether the conditions set forth in Section 8.3 in the case of National City,
and Section 8.2 hereof in the case of Fidelity shall have been satisfied, and
(iii) this Section 10.10 shall not relieve any party of its obligations under
any covenant set forth herein.   10.11 Enforcement of the Agreement. The
Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of
the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the
Parties will be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
hereof.   [Remainder of this page left intentionally blank]    54    
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER SIGNATURE PAGE   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Parties have caused their duly authorized representatives to execute this
Agreement as of the date first above written.   FIDELITY BANKSHARES, INC.
("Fidelity")    By: /s/ Vince E. Elhilow 
------------------------------------  Vince E. Elhilow  Chairman, President
and Chief  Executive Officer    NATIONAL CITY CORPORATION ("National 
City")    By: /s/ Jeffrey D. Kelly  ------------------------------------ 
Jeffrey D. Kelly  Vice Chairman and Chief Financial  Officer   '

