 EXHIBIT 2.1    AGREEMENT  ---------   THIS
AGREEMENT, dated as of December 17, 2003 ("Agreement"), is made by and among
NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation ("NPB"), and
PEOPLES FIRST INC., a Pennsylvania corporation ("PFI").    BACKGROUND 
----------   1. NPB owns directly all of the outstanding capital stock of
National Penn Bank, a national banking association ("NPBank").   2. PFI
owns directly all of the outstanding capital stock of The Peoples Bank of
Oxford, a Pennsylvania bank ("Peoples Bank").   3. NPB and PFI desire for
PFI to merge with and into NPB, with NPB surviving such merger, in accordance
with the applicable laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and this
Agreement. Promptly thereafter, NPB desires to merger Peoples Bank with and
into NPBank, with NPBank surviving such merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of NPB, in accordance with the applicable laws of the United States, the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and this Agreement.   4. As a condition and
inducement to NPB to enter into this Agreement, the directors, certain
officers and other substantial shareholders with ownership interests in
excess of five percent (5%) of PFI are each concurrently executing a Letter
Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (the "Letter
Agreement").   5. As a condition and inducement to each of NPB and PFI to
enter into this Agreement, NPB has caused NPBank to enter into agreements
(the "Key Management Agreements") with George C. Mason, Hugh J. Garchinsky
and Gary R. Davis (the "Key Peoples Management") regarding the terms of their
engagement and employment, respectively, following consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   6. Each of the parties, by signing this
Agreement, adopts it as a plan of reorganization as defined in IRC Section
368(a), and intends the Merger to be a reorganization as defined in IRC
Section 368(a).   7. NPB and PFI desire to provide the terms and conditions
governing the transactions contemplated herein.     1     AGREEMENT 
---------   NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the
mutual covenants, agreements, representations and warranties herein
contained, the parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as
follows:    ARTICLE I  ---------   GENERAL  -------   1.01
Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
indicated meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both
the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):   Adjusted PFI Option
has the meaning given to that term in Section 2.07 of this Agreement.  
Affiliate means, with respect to any corporation, any person that directly,
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such corporation and, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, includes any executive officer, director or
10% equity owner of such corporation.   Aggregate Cash Consideration has the
meaning given to that term in Section 2.02(b).   Aggregate Common Stock
Consideration has the meaning given to that term in Section 2.02(b).  
Agreement means this Agreement, including any amendment or
supplement hereto.   Application means an application for regulatory
approval which is required by the Contemplated Transactions.   Articles of
Merger mean the articles of merger to be executed by NPB and PFI and to be
filed in the PDS, in accordance with the applicable laws of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania.   Bank Merger means the merger of Peoples Bank with and
into NPBank, with NPBank surviving such merger, contemplated by Section 1.03
of this Agreement.   Bank Plan of Merger has the meaning given to that term
in Section 1.03 of this Agreement.      2    Banking Code means the
Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965, as amended.   BCL means the Pennsylvania
Business Corporation Law of 1988, as amended.   BHC Act means the Bank
Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended.   Business Day means any day other
than (i) a Saturday or Sunday or (ii) a day on which NPBank is authorized or
obligated by law or executive order to close.   Cash Consideration has the
meaning given to such term in Section 2.02(a)(ii) of this Agreement.   Cash
Election Shares has the meaning given to such term in
Section 2.02(b)(ii).   Closing Date means the date on which the last
condition precedent provided in this Agreement (other than those conditions
which are to be fulfilled at the Closing) has been fulfilled or waived, or as
soon as practicable thereafter.   Common Stock Consideration has the
meaning given to such term in Section 2.02(a)(i) of this Agreement.  
Common Stock Election Shares has the meaning given to such term in Section
2.02(b)(i).   Confidentiality Agreement means the confidentiality agreement
dated November 10, 2003 between NPB and Sandler O\'Neill and Partners, L.P., as
agent for PFI.   Contemplated Transactions means all of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including: (a) the merger of PFI with and
into NPB, with NPB surviving such merger; (b) the merger of Peoples Bank with
and into NPBank, with NPBank surviving such merger as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of NPB; (c) the performance by NPB and PFI of their respective
covenants and obligations under this Agreement; and (d) the performance by
NPBank and Peoples Bank of their respective covenants and obligations under
the Bank Plan of Merger.   CRA means the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated from time to time
thereunder.   Determination Date means the Business Day which is two (2)
Business Days immediately prior to the Closing Date.   Determination Period
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.05 of this
Agreement.      3    Dissenting PFI Shares has the meaning given to
that term in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.   Effective Date means the
date upon which the Articles of Merger shall be filed in the PDS and shall be
the same as the Closing Date or as soon thereafter as is practicable.  
Election means either a Common Stock Election, a Cash Election or a Mixed
Election.   Election Deadline means 5:00 p.m., prevailing Eastern Time, on
the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date.   Election
Form means a form, in such form as NPB and PFI shall mutually agree, on which
holders of PFI Common Stock shall make an Election.   Environmental Law
means any federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation,
code, license, permit, authorization, approval, consent, order, judgment,
decree, injunction or agreement with any Regulatory Authority relating to (i)
the protection, preservation or restoration of the environment, including,
without limitation, air, water vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking
water supply, surface soil, subsurface soil, plant and animal life or any
other natural resource, and/or (ii) the use, storage, recycling, treatment,
generation, transportation, processing, handling, labeling, production,
release or disposal of any substance presently listed, defined, designated or
classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive or dangerous, or otherwise
regulated for the protection of human health, safety or the environment,
whether by type or by quantity, including any material containing any such
substance as a component.   ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended.   Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
from time to time thereunder.   Exchange Agent means the agent designated by
NPB (as soon as practicable following execution of this Agreement) to act as
the exchange agent for purposes of conducting the election procedures
described in Section 2.02(b) and the exchange procedure described in Section
2.08.   Exchange Ratio means the exchange ratio set forth in
Section 2.02(a)(i), as it may be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.09.   FDIC
means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.     4    FRB means the
Federal Reserve Board.   GAAP means accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.   IRC means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.   IRS means the
Internal Revenue Service.   Key Management Agreements has the meaning given
to such term in the Background Section of this Agreement.   Key Peoples
Management has the meaning given to such term in the Background Section of
this Agreement.   Knowledge of NPB means the knowledge of NPB\'s executive
officers and directors.   Knowledge of PFI means the knowledge of PFI\'s
executive officers and directors.   Letter Agreement has the meaning given
to such term in the Background Section of this Agreement.   Material
Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial
condition or results of operations of PFI on a consolidated basis (when such
term is used in Article III hereof) or NPB on a consolidated basis (when such
term is used in Article IV hereof) other than, in each case, any change,
circumstance or effect relating to (i) any change in the value of the
respective investment portfolios of NPB or PFI resulting from a change
in interest rates generally, (ii) any change occurring after the date hereof
in any federal or state law, rule or regulation or in GAAP, which change
affects banking institutions generally, including any change affecting the
Bank Insurance Fund, (iii) changes in general economic (except in the context
of determining a Material Adverse Effect for purposes of asset quality),
legal, regulatory or political conditions affecting banking institutions
generally, (iv) reasonable expenses (plus reasonable legal fees, costs and
expenses relating to any litigation arising as a result of the Merger)
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, (v) actions or omissions of a party (or any of its Subsidiaries)
taken pursuant to the terms of this Agreement with the prior written consent
of the other party in contemplation of the transactions contemplated hereby
(including without limitation any actions taken by PFI pursuant to Section
5.07 of this Agreement), and (vi) any effect with respect to a party hereto
caused, in whole or in substantial part, by the other party, or (b) the
ability of such party to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.     
5    Merger means the merger of PFI with and into NPB, contemplated by
this Agreement.   Merger Consideration has the meaning given to such term
in Section 2.02(a)(ii) of this Agreement.   Mixed Election has the meaning
given that term in Section 2.02(c) of this Agreement.   NASD means the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.   Nasdaq means the National
Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market operated by the NASD.   No-Election
Shares has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.02(b).   NPB means
National Penn Bancshares, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation.   NPBank means
National Penn Bank, a national banking association, all the outstanding
capital stock of which is owned by NPB.   NPB/NPBank Bylaws Restrictions
means the provisions of the NPB and NP Bank bylaws that require the
retirement of a director as of the annual meeting next following that
director\'s reaching age 72.   NPB Certificate has the meaning given to such
term in Section 2.08(b) of this Agreement.   NPB Common Stock means the
shares of common stock, without par value, of NPB.   NPB Disclosure
Schedule means, collectively, the disclosure schedules delivered by NPB to
PFI at or prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement.   NPB
ERISA Affiliate has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.13(a) of this
Agreement.   NPB Financials means (a) the audited consolidated financial
statements of NPB as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 and for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2002, and (b) the unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements of NPB for each calendar quarter after
December 31, 2002.       6    NPB Market Value has the meaning given
to such term in Section 2.05 of this Agreement.   OCC means the Office of
the Comptroller of the Currency.   PDB means the Department of Banking of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.   PDS means the Department of State of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.   Peoples Bank means The Peoples Bank of
Oxford, a Pennsylvania bank, all the outstanding capital stock of which is
owned by PFI.   Peoples Bank Board has the meaning given to that term in
Section 5.07(c)(iv)(D) of this Agreement.   Peoples Bank Board Member means
a director of PFI immediately prior to the Closing Date who becomes, and on
the date of determination is, a member of the Peoples Bank Board.   Peoples
Bank Division has the meaning given to that term in Section 5.07(c)(iv)(A) of
this Agreement.   PFI means Peoples First, Inc., a Pennsylvania
corporation.   PFI NPBank Nominee has the meaning given to that term in
Section 5.07(c)(iii) of this Agreement.   PFI Benefit Plan has the meaning
given to that term in Section 3.12 of this Agreement.   PFI Certificate has
the meaning given to that term in Section 2.08(a) of this Agreement.   PFI
Common Stock has the meaning given to that term in Section 3.02(a) of this
Agreement.   PFI Disclosure Schedule means, collectively, the disclosure
schedules delivered by PFI to NPB at or prior to the execution and delivery
of this Agreement.   PFI ERISA Affiliate has the meaning given to such term
in Section 3.12(a) of this Agreement.   PFI Financials means (a) the
audited consolidated financial statements of PFI as of December 31, 2002 and
2001 and for each of the three years in the      7   period ended
December 31, 2002, and (b) the unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements of PFI for each calendar quarter after December 31, 2002.   PFI
Nominee has the meaning given to that term in Section 1.02(d)(i) of this
Agreement.   PFI Option has the meaning given to that term in Section 2.07
of this Agreement.   PFI Option Plan means the stock option plan maintained
by PFI immediately prior to the Effective Date.   PFI Shareholders Meeting
means the meeting of the holders of PFI Common Stock concerning the Merger
pursuant to the Prospectus/Proxy Statement.   Prospectus/Proxy Statement
means the prospectus/proxy statement, together with any supplements thereto,
to be sent to holders of PFI Common Stock in connection with the Contemplated
Transactions.   Reallocated Cash Shares has the meaning given to that term
in Section 2.02(d)(i)(C).   Reallocated Common Stock Shares has the meaning
given to that term in Section 2.02(d)(ii)(B).   Registration Statement
means the registration statement on Form S-4, including any pre-effective or
post-effective amendments or supplements thereto, as filed with the SEC under
the Securities Act with respect to the NPB Common Stock to be issued in
connection with the Contemplated Transactions.   Regulatory Agreement has
the meaning given to that term in Sections 3.11 and 4.12 of this
Agreement.   Regulatory Authority means any agency or department of any
federal, state or local government or of any self-regulatory organization,
including without limitation the SEC, the PDB, the OCC, the FDIC, the NASD,
and the respective staffs thereof.   Rights means warrants, options,
rights, convertible securities and other capital stock equivalents which
obligate an entity to issue its securities.   Rights Agreement means the
rights agreement dated August 23, 1989, as amended August 21, 1999, between
NPB and NPBank, as Rights Agent.   SEC means the Securities and Exchange
Commission.      8    Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated from time to time
thereunder.   Securities Documents means all registration statements,
schedules, statements, forms, reports, proxy material, and other documents
required to be filed under the Securities Laws.   Securities Laws means the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
from time to time thereunder.   Subsidiary means any corporation, 50% or
more of the capital stock of which is owned, either directly or indirectly,
by another entity, except any corporation the stock of which is held in the
ordinary course of the lending activities of a bank.   1.02 The Merger.  
(a) Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the "Closing") will take place on the Closing Date at a time and place to be
agreed upon by the parties hereto; provided, in any case, that all conditions
to closing set forth in Article VI of this Agreement (other than the delivery
of certificates, opinions, and other instruments and documents to
be delivered at the Closing) have been satisfied or waived at or prior to
the Closing Date.   (b) The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and in accordance with the BCL, on the Effective Date:   (i)
PFI shall merge with and into NPB;   (ii) the separate existence of PFI
shall cease;   (iii) NPB shall be the surviving corporation in the Merger;
and   (iv) all of the property (real, personal and mixed), rights, powers,
duties, obligations and liabilities of PFI shall be taken and deemed to be
transferred to and vested in NPB, as the surviving corporation in the
Merger, without further act or deed;  all in accordance with the applicable
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.   (c) NPB\'s Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws. On and after the Effective Date, the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of NPB, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Date, shall automatically be and remain the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of NPB, as the surviving corporation in the Merger,
until thereafter altered, amended or repealed.       9    (d) NPB\'s
Board of Directors and Officers.   (i) On and after the Effective Date, (A)
the directors of NPB duly elected and holding office immediately prior to the
Effective Date, and (B) one person (the "PFI Nominee") selected by PFI\'s
Board of Directors and approved by NPB (which approval is hereby granted as
to George C. Mason and will not otherwise be unreasonably withheld) shall be
the directors of NPB, as the surviving corporation in the Merger, each to
hold office until his successor is elected and qualified or otherwise in
accordance with applicable law, the articles of incorporation and bylaws of
NPB. NPB shall designate the PFI Nominee as a Class I director with a term of
office through April 2006 and NPB agrees to re-nominate the PFI Nominee for
at least one full three-year term thereafter.   (ii) If the PFI Nominee, or
any successor, resigns, dies or is otherwise removed from NPB\'s Board of
Directors prior to the end of the Class I term ending April 2009, the former
PFI directors who are then serving on the Peoples Bank Board, by a plurality
vote, shall have the right to select the successor to such PFI Nominee, or
any successor, subject to (A) compliance with the NPB/NPBank Bylaws
Restrictions, (B) such person being "independent" as defined by the SEC and
Nasdaq, and (C) approval of such person by NPB (which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld). NPB shall take all reasonable steps to elect such
successor to the NPB Board of Directors.   (iii) On and after the Effective
Date, the officers of NPB duly elected and holding office immediately prior
to the Effective Date shall be the officers of NPB, as the surviving
corporation in the Merger, each to hold office until his or her successor is
elected and qualified or otherwise in accordance with applicable law, the
articles of incorporation and bylaws of NPB.   1.03 Bank Merger. NPB and PFI
shall each use their best efforts to cause Peoples Bank to merge with and
into NPBank, with NPBank surviving such merger (the "Bank Merger") as soon as
practicable after the Effective Date. Concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, NPB shall cause NPBank to execute, and PFI shall cause Peoples
Bank to execute, the Bank Plan of Merger attached hereto as Exhibit 2 (the
"Bank Plan of Merger"). The Bank Merger shall not be effected prior to the
Effective Date.    ARTICLE II  ----------   CONSIDERATION; ELECTION AND
EXCHANGE PROCEDURES  -----------------------------------------------   2.01
NPB Common Stock.   (a) Outstanding Shares. Each share of NPB Common Stock
issued and       10   outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Date shall, on and after the Effective Date, continue to be issued and
outstanding as an identical share of NPB Common Stock.   (b) Treasury
Stock. Each share of NPB Common Stock issued and held in the treasury of NPB
immediately prior to the Effective Date, if any, shall, on and after the
Effective Date, continue to be issued and held in the treasury of NPB.  
2.02 PFI Common Stock.   (a) Conversion Alternatives. Subject to Sections
2.03, 2.04 and 2.06 below with respect to treasury stock, fractional shares
and dissenting shares of PFI Common Stock, each share of PFI Common Stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall, on the
Effective Date, by reason of the Merger and without any action on the part of
the holder thereof, cease to be outstanding and be converted into the right
to receive, at the election of the holder thereof:   (i) 1.505 shares of
NPB Common Stock (the "Exchange Ratio"), including the associated rights to
purchase securities pursuant to the Rights Agreement, subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 2.09 below (the "Common Stock Consideration"); or  
(ii) $49.54 in cash (the "Cash Consideration," and collectively with the
Common Stock Consideration, the "Merger Consideration").   Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) the number of shares of PFI Common Stock to be converted
into the right to receive the Common Stock Consideration on the Effective
Date (the "Aggregate Common Stock Consideration") shall be equal to seventy
percent (70%) of the total number of shares of PFI Common Stock issued and
outstanding on the Effective Date and (ii) the number of shares of PFI Common
Stock to be converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration on the
Effective Date shall be equal to thirty percent (30%) of the total number
of shares of PFI Common Stock issued and outstanding on the Effective Date,
minus (x) the number of shares of PFI Common Stock, if any, with respect to
which dissenters\' rights have been duly exercised and (y) the aggregate
number of shares with respect to which cash is paid in lieu of fractional
shares pursuant to Section 2.04 (the "Aggregate Cash Consideration").   (b)
Election Procedures. NPB and PFI shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail an
Election Form to holders of PFI Common Stocknot more than sixty (60) Business
Days and not less than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the
Election Deadline. Each Election Form shall permit the holder (or in the case
of nominee record holders, the beneficial owner through proper instructions
and documentation):   (i) to elect to receive the Common Stock
Consideration with       11   respect to all or a portion of their
shares of PFI Common Stock (the "Common Stock Election Shares"); or   (ii)
to elect to receive the Cash Consideration with respect to all or a portion
of their shares of PFI Common Stock (the "Cash Election Shares").   The
Exchange Agent shall use reasonable efforts to make the Election
Form available to all persons who become holders of PFI Common Stock during
the period between the record date for the mailing of the Election Form and
the Election Deadline. Any holder\'s election shall have been properly made
only if the Exchange Agent shall have received at its designated office, by
the Election Deadline, a properly completed and signed Election Form
accompanied by certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Date
represented issued and outstanding shares of PFI Common Stock (the "PFI
Certificates") to which such Election Form relates, in form acceptable for
transfer (or by an appropriate guarantee of delivery of such PFI Certificates
as set forth in such Election Form from a firm which is an "eligible
guarantor institution" (as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act)
provided that such PFI Certificates are in fact delivered to the Exchange
Agent by the time set forth in such guarantee of delivery). If a holder of
PFI Common Stock either: (i) does not submit a properly completed Election
Form before the Election Deadline; (ii) revokes an Election Form prior to the
Election Deadline and does not resubmit a properly completed Election Form
prior to the Election Deadline; or (iii) fails to perfect his, her or its
dissenters\' rights pursuant to subsection 2.06 of this Agreement, the shares
of PFI Common Stock held by such holder shall be designated "No-Election
Shares." Nominee record holders who hold PFI Common Stock on behalf of
multiple beneficial owners shall be required to indicate how many of the
shares held by them are Common Stock Election Shares, Cash Election Shares
and No-Election Shares.  For purposes of this Section 2.02, any Dissenting
PFI Shares shall be deemed to be Cash Election Shares and, with respect to
such shares, the holders thereof shall in no event be classified as holders
of Reallocated Common Stock Shares.   (c) Mixed Election. Subject to the
immediately following sentence, each record holder of shares of PFI Common
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Date shall be entitled to elect to
receive shares of NPB Common Stock for a portion of such holder\'s shares of
PFI Common Stock and cash for the remaining portion of such holder\'s shares
of PFI Common Stock (the "Mixed Election"). With respect to each holder of
PFI Common Stock who makes a Mixed Election, the shares of PFI Common Stock
that such holder elects to be converted into the right to receive the Common
Stock Consideration shall be treated as Common Stock Election Shares and the
shares such holder elects to be converted into the right to receive the Cash
Consideration shall be treated as Cash Election Shares.   (d) Effective
Election. Any Election shall be properly made only if the     
12   Exchange Agent shall have actually received a properly completed
Election Form by the Election Deadline. Any Election Form may be revoked or
changed by the person submitting such Election Form to the Exchange Agent by
written notice to the Exchange Agent only if such written notice is actually
received by the Exchange Agent at or prior to the Election Deadline. The
Exchange Agent shall have reasonable discretion to (i) determine whether any
election, modification or revocation is received, (ii) determine whether any
election, modification or revocation has been properly made, and (iii)
disregard immaterial defects in any Election Form. Good faith determinations
made by the Exchange Agent regarding such matters shall be binding and
conclusive. Neither NPB, PFI nor the Exchange Agent shall be under any
obligation to notify any person of any defect in an Election Form.   (e)
Allocation. The Exchange Agent shall effect the allocation among the holders
of PFI Common Stock of rights to receive NPB Common Stock or cash
in accordance with the Election Forms as follows:   (i) Aggregate Cash
Consideration Undersubscribed. If the amount of cash represented by the
aggregate Cash Election Shares is less than the Aggregate Cash Consideration,
then:   (A) all Cash Election Shares (subject to Section 2.06 with respect
to Dissenting PFI Shares) shall be converted into the right to receive
cash;   (B) No-Election Shares shall be deemed to be Cash Election Shares
to the extent necessary to have the amount of cash represented by the
aggregate Cash Election Shares equal the Aggregate Cash Consideration.
If less than all of the No-Election Shares need to be treated as Cash
Election Shares, then the Exchange Agent shall select which No-Election
Shares shall be treated as Cash Election Shares in such manner as the
Exchange Agent, in its sole discretion, shall determine. All remaining No-
Election Shares shall thereafter be treated as Common Stock Election
Shares;   (C) If all of the No-Election Shares are treated as Cash Election
Shares under the preceding subsection and the amount of cash represented by
the aggregate Cash Election Shares remains less than the Aggregate Cash
Consideration, then the Exchange Agent shall convert, on a pro rata basis
described in subsection 2.02(d)(iv) below, a sufficient number of Common
Stock Election Shares into Cash Election Shares ("Reallocated Cash Shares")
such that the amount of cash represented by the aggregate Cash
Election Shares, including the Reallocated Cash Shares, equals the Aggregate
Cash Consideration, and thereafter all Reallocated Cash Shares will be
converted into the right to receive cash; and   (D) the Common Stock
Election Shares which are not Reallocated Cash Shares shall be converted into
the right to receive NPB Common Stock.     13     (ii) Aggregate Cash
Consideration Oversubscribed. If the amount of cash represented by the
aggregate Cash Election Shares is more than the Aggregate Cash Consideration,
then:   (A) all Common Stock Election Shares and No-Election Shares shall
be converted into the right to receive NPB Common Stock;   (B) the Exchange
Agent shall convert, on a pro rata basis described in subsection 2.02(d)(iv)
below, a sufficient number of Cash Election Shares (excluding Dissenting PFI
Shares) into Common Stock Election Shares ("Reallocated Common Stock Shares")
such that the amount of cash represented by the remaining aggregate Cash
Election Shares equals the Aggregate Cash Consideration, and thereafter all
Reallocated Common Stock Shares will be converted into the right to receive
NPB Common Stock; and   (C) the Cash Election Shares (subject to Section
2.06 with respect to Dissenting PFI Shares) which are not Reallocated Common
Stock Shares shall be converted into the right to receive cash.   (iii)
Aggregate Cash Consideration and Aggregate Common Stock Consideration
Satisfied. If the amount of cash represented by the aggregate Cash Election
Shares is equal to the Aggregate Cash Consideration, then subsections (d)(i)
and (ii) shall not apply, and all Cash Election shares (subject to Section
2.06 with respect to Dissenting PFI Shares) shall be converted into the right
to receive cash and all Common Stock Election Shares and all No-
Election Shares shall be converted into the right to receive NPB Common
Stock.   (iv) Pro Rata Reallocations. If the Exchange Agent is
required pursuant to subsection 2.02(d)(i)(C) to convert some Common Stock
Election Shares into Reallocated Cash Shares, each holder of Common Stock
Election Shares shall be allocated a pro rata portion of the total
Reallocated Cash Shares. If the Exchange Agent is required pursuant to
subsection 2.02(d)(ii)(B) to convert some Cash Election Shares into
Reallocated Common Stock Shares, each holder of Cash Election Shares shall be
allocated a pro rata portion of the total Reallocated Common Stock
Shares.   2.03 Treasury Stock. Each share of PFI Common Stock issued and
held in the treasury of PFI as of the Effective Date, if any, shall be
cancelled, and no cash, stock or other property shall be delivered in
exchange therefor.   2.04 Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of NPB
Common Stock and no scrip or certificates therefor shall be issued in
connection with the Merger. Any former holder of PFI Common Stock who would
otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of NPB Common Stock
shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash in an amount equal to such fraction of a
share multiplied by the closing price       14   of NPB Common Stock
on the Closing Date.   2.05 Market Value of NPB Common Stock. For purposes
of this Agreement, the market value of a share of NPB Common Stock ("NPB
Market Value") shall be deemed to be the average of the closing sale price of
a share of NPB Common Stock, as reported on Nasdaq, as published in the Wall
Street Journal, for the ten(10) trading days (the "Determination Period")
ending on the Determination Date.   2.06 Dissenting PFI Shareholders.  
(a) The outstanding shares of PFI Common Stock, the holders of which have
timely filed written notices of an intention to demand appraisal for
their shares ("Dissenting PFI Shares") pursuant to Subchapter D of the BCL
and have not effectively withdrawn or lost their dissenters\' rights under
the BCL, shall not be converted into or represent a right to receive the
Merger Consideration under this Agreement, and the holders thereof shall be
entitled only to such rights as are granted by Subchapter D of the BCL.  
(b) If any such holder of PFI Common Stock shall have failed to perfect or
effectively shall have withdrawn or lost such right, and if such holder
shall have delivered a properly completed Election Form to the Exchange Agent
by the Election Deadline, the Dissenting PFI Shares held by such holder shall
be converted into a right to receive the Common Stock Consideration or the
Cash Consideration in accordance with the applicable provisions of this
Agreement. If any such holder of PFI Common Stock shall have failed to
perfect or effectively shall have withdrawn or lost such right, and if such
holder shall not have delivered a properly completed Election Form to the
Exchange Agent by the Election Deadline, the Dissenting PFI Shares held by
such holder shall be designate No-Election Shares and shall be converted on a
share by share basis into either the right to receive the Common Stock
Consideration or the Cash Consideration in accordance with the applicable
provisions of this Agreement.   (c) All payments in respect of Dissenting
PFI Shares, if any, will be made by NPB.   2.07 Stock Options.   (a) On
and after the Effective Date, each non-qualified stock option (each, a "PFI
Option") to purchase shares of PFI Common Stock issued by PFI and outstanding
on the Effective Date shall remain outstanding, subject to the following
adjustments:   (i) each PFI Option will constitute a right to purchase
a number of shares of NPB Common Stock determined in accordance with
Section 2.07(a)(ii), below, at a price equal to the amount determined in
accordance with Section 2.07(a)(iii), below;     15     (ii) the
number of shares of NPB Common Stock subject to each PFI Option immediately
following the Effective Date will be equal to the quotient of (1) the product
of the number of shares of PFI Common Stock originally subject to that option
times the original exercise price of that option; divided by (2) the adjusted
exercise price of that option immediately following the Effective Date, as
determined in accordance with Section 2.07(a)(iii), below; and   (iii) the
exercise price of each PFI Option immediately after the Effective Date will
be equal to the quotient of: (x) the product of the closing price of NPB
Common Stock on the Effect Date times the original exercise price of that
option, divided by (y) $49.54 (the Cash Consideration).   (b) Except as
otherwise provided in this section, the terms and conditions of all PFI
Options will not be changed and such options will remain outstanding and will
be exercisable in accordance with the terms of the applicable PFI Option Plan
and stock option agreement. As adjusted pursuant to this section, each PFI
Option will be referred to herein as an "Adjusted PFI Option".   (c) As
soon as practicable after the Effective Date, but in no event later than ten
(10) Business Days after the Effective Date, NPB shall deliver to the holders
of Adjusted PFI Options appropriate notices setting forth the effect of the
adjustments described in Section 2.07(a), above. NPB shall comply with the
terms of the PFI Option Plan.   (d) NPB shall take all corporate action
necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of NPB Common
Stock for delivery upon exercise of Adjusted PFI Options in accordance with
this Agreement. Within ten (10) Business Days after the Effective Date, NPB
shall file a registration statement on Form S-8 (or any successor other
appropriate forms), with respect to the shares of NPB Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Adjusted PFI Options and shall use its reasonable best
efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement or
registration statements (and maintain the current status of the prospectus or
prospectuses contained thereon) for so long as such options remain
outstanding.   (e) With respect to those individuals who, subsequent to the
Merger, will be subject to the reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act, where applicable, NPB shall administer the PFI Option Plan
in a manner consistent with the exemptions provided by Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act.   2.08 Surrender and Exchange of PFI Stock
Certificates.   (a) Exchange Fund. On or prior to the Effective Date,
NPB shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit of
holders of       16   shares of PFI Common Stock, sufficient cash and
certificates representing shares of NPB Common Stock to make all payments and
deliveries to shareholders of PFI pursuant to this Article II. Any cash and
certificates for NPB Common Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent shall
hereinafter be referred to as the "Exchange Fund."   (b) Exchange
Procedures for Effective Election Forms Submitted by Election Deadline. As
soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date (and in any case no
later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter), NPB shall cause the Exchange
Agent to mail the Merger Consideration to shareholders of PFI who have
submitted effective Election Forms prior to the Election Deadline.   (c)
Exchange Procedures in Absence of Effective Election Forms Submitted by
Effective Deadline. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective
Date (and in any case no later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter), NPB
shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each record holder of PFI Common
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Date who has not surrendered PFI
Certificates representing all of the shares of PFI Common Stock owned by such
holder pursuant to Section 2.02(b), a letter of transmittal which
shall specify that delivery of the PFI Certificates shall be effected, and
risk of loss and title to the PFI Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery
of the PFI Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and which letter shall be in
customary form and have such other provisions as NPB may reasonably specify
and instructions for effecting the surrender of such PFI Certificates in
exchange for the Cash Consideration and/or the Common Stock Consideration, as
the case may be. Upon surrender of a PFI Certificate to the Exchange Agent
together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed and completed in
accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may
reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such PFI
Certificate shall be entitled to receive within ten (10) Business Days
thereafter and in exchange therefor (i) a certificate representing, in the
aggregate, the whole number of shares of NPB Common Stock that such holder
has the right to receive pursuant to this Article II and/or (ii) a check in
the amount equal to the cash that such holder has the right to receive
pursuant to this Article II. No interest will be paid or will accrue on any
cash payment pursuant to this Section 2.08.   (d) Each certificate for
shares of NPB Common Stock (each, a "NPB Certificate") issued in exchange for
PFI Certificates pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be dated the Effective
Date and be entitled to dividends, distributions and all other rights and
privileges pertaining to such shares of NPB Common Stock from the Effective
Date. Until surrendered, each PFI Certificate shall, from and after the
Effective Date, evidence solely the right to receive the Merger
Consideration.   (e) If a PFI Certificate is exchanged on a date following
one or more record dates after the Effective Date for the payment of
dividends or any other distribution on shares of NPB Common Stock, NPB shall
pay to the holder of such PFI Certificate cash in an amount equal to
dividends payable on the shares of NPB Common Stock issued in exchange
therefore and pay or deliver any other       17   distribution to
which such shareholder is entitled. No interest shall accrue or be payable in
respect of dividends or any other distribution otherwise payable under this
Section 2.02(e) upon surrender of PFI Certificates. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no party hereto shall be liable to any holder of PFI Common
Stock for any amount paid in good faith to a public official or agency
pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. Until
such time as PFI Certificates are surrendered to NPB for exchange, NPB shall
have the right to withhold dividends or any other distributions on the shares
of NPB Common Stock issuable to such shareholder.   (f) Upon the Effective
Date, the stock transfer books for PFI Common Stock will be closed and no
further transfers of PFI Common Stock will thereafter be made or recognized.
All PFI Certificates surrendered pursuant to this Section 2.08 will be
cancelled.   (g) If there is a transfer of ownership of PFI Common Stock
which is not registered in the transfer records of PFI, one or more NPB
Certificates evidencing, in the aggregate, the proper number of shares of NPB
Common Stock, a check in the proper amount of cash in lieu of any fractional
shares, the per share Cash Consideration, and any dividends or other
distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.08(e),
as applicable and appropriate, may be issued with respect to such PFI Common
Stock to such a transferee if the PFI Certificate representing such shares of
PFI Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all
documents required to evidence and effect such transfer and to evidence that
any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.   (h) If any PFI
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent
shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed PFI Certificate,
upon the making of a sworn affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof in
form satisfactory to the Exchange Agent, the Merger Consideration, and any
dividends or other distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to
this Section 2.08 as may be required pursuant to this Agreement; provided,
however, that the Exchange Agent may, in its sole discretion and as
a condition precedent to the delivery of the Merger Consideration to which
the holder of such PFI Certificate is entitled as a result of the Merger,
require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed PFI Certificate to
deliver a bond in such amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim
that may be made against PFI, NPB or the Exchange Agent or any other party
with respect to the PFI Certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or
destroyed.   2.09 Anti-Dilution Provisions. If NPB shall, at any time before
the Effective Date:   (i) declare a dividend in shares of NPB Common Stock
with a record date on or prior to the Closing Date;      18    (ii)
combine the outstanding shares of NPB Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares;   (iii) resolve to effect a split or subdivide the
outstanding shares of NPB Common Stock with a record date on or prior to the
Closing Date; or   (iv) reclassify the shares of NPB Common Stock;  then,
in any such event, the number of shares of NPB Common Stock to be delivered
to PFI shareholders who are entitled to receive shares of NPB Common Stock in
exchange for shares of PFI Common Stock shall be adjusted so that each PFI
shareholder shall be entitled to receive such number of shares of NPB
Common Stock as such shareholder would have been entitled to receive if the
Effective Date had occurred prior to the happening of such event. (By way of
illustration, if NPB shall declare a stock dividend of 3% payable with
respect to a record date on or prior to the Effective Date, the Exchange
Ratio shall be adjusted upward by 3%.) In addition, in the event that, prior
to the Effective Date, NPB enters into an agreement pursuant to which shares
of NPB Common Stock would be converted into shares or other securities or
obligations of another corporation, proper provision shall be made in such
agreement so that each PFI shareholder entitled to receive shares of NPB
Common Stock in the Merger shall be entitled to receive such number of shares
or other securities or amount or obligations of such other corporation as
such shareholder would be entitled to receive if the Effective Date had
occurred immediately prior to the happening of such event.    ARTICLE III 
-----------   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PFI 
-------------------------------------   PFI hereby represents and warrants
to NPB as follows:   3.01 Organization.   (a) PFI is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. PFI is a bank holding company duly registered
under the BHC Act. PFI has the corporate power and authority to carry on its
businesses and operations as now being conducted and to own and operate the
properties and assets now owned and being operated by it. PFI is duly
licensed, registered or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location
of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing,
registration or qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
licensed, registered or qualified would not have a Material     
19   Adverse Effect, and all such licenses, registrations and
qualifications are in full force and effect in all material respects.   (b)
Peoples Bank is a bank duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Peoples Bank has the
corporate power and authority to carry on its business and operations as
now being conducted and to own and operate the properties and assets now
owned and being operated by it. Peoples Bank is duly licensed, registered or
qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and
assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing, registration or
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed,
registered or qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and all
such licenses, registrations and qualifications are in full force and effect
in all material respects.   (c) The deposits of Peoples Bank are insured by
the Bank Insurance Fund of the FDIC to the extent provided in the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act.   (d) PFI has no Subsidiaries other than Peoples Bank
and those identified in PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.01(d).   (e) The
respective minute books of PFI and each PFI Subsidiary accurately record, in
all material respects, all material corporate actions of their respective
shareholders and boards of directors, including committees, in each case in
accordance with normal business practice of PFI and the PFI Subsidiary.  
(f) PFI has delivered to NPB true and correct copies of the articles
of incorporation and bylaws of PFI and Peoples Bank, and the articles
of incorporation and bylaws of each other PFI Subsidiary, each as in effect
on the date hereof.   3.02 Capitalization.   (a) The authorized capital
stock of PFI consists of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $1.00
per share ("PFI Common Stock"), of which at the date hereof 2,956,288 shares
are validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable, and free of
preemptive rights, and 96,920 are held as treasury shares. PFI has not issued
nor is PFI bound by any subscription, option, warrant, call, commitment,
agreement or other Right of any character relating to the purchase, sale, or
issuance of, or right to receive dividends or other distributions on, any
shares of PFI Common Stock or any other security of PFI or any securities
representing the right to vote, purchase or otherwise receive any shares of
PFI Common Stock or any other security of PFI, except (i) for PFI Options for
85,950 shares of PFI Common Stock issued and outstanding under the PFI Stock
Option Plan, (ii) pursuant to PFI\'s Dividend Reinvestment Plan, and (iii)
this Agreement.     20     (b) Except as set forth in PFI Disclosure
Schedule 3.02(b), PFI owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock
of Peoples Bank and the other PFI Subsidiaries, free and clear of any liens,
security interests, pledges, charges, encumbrances, agreements and
restrictions of any kind or nature. Except for the Bank Plan of Merger, there
are no subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments, agreements or
other Rights outstanding with respect to the capital stock of Peoples Bank or
any other PFI Subsidiary. Except for the PFI Subsidiaries, PFI does not
possess, directly or indirectly, any material equity interest in any
corporation, except for (i) equity interests in Peoples Bank\'s investment
portfolio, (ii) equity interests held in connection with Peoples Bank\'s
commercial loan activities and (iii) as set forth on PFI Disclosure Schedule
3.02(b).   (c) To the Knowledge of PFI, except as set forth on PFI
Disclosure Schedule 3.02(c) or as disclosed in PFI\'s proxy materials used in
connection with its 2003 annual meeting of shareholders, no person or group
is the beneficial owner of 5% or more of the outstanding shares of PFI Common
Stock (the terms "person", "group" and "beneficial owner" are as defined in
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations
thereunder).   3.03 Authority; No Violation.   (a) PFI has full corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the Contemplated Transactions. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by PFI and the consummation by PFI of the Contemplated Transactions have been
duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of PFI and, except for
approval by the shareholders of PFI as required by the BCL, no other
corporate proceedings on the part of PFI are necessary to consummate the
Merger. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
PFI and, subject to approval by the shareholders of PFI and subject to
receipt of the required approvals of Regulatory Authorities described
in Section 4.04 hereof, constitutes the valid and binding obligation of
PFI, enforceable against PFI in accordance with its terms, subject to
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\'
rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of
equity.   (b) (i) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by PFI,
(ii) subject to receipt of approvals from the PFI shareholders and the
Regulatory Authorities referred to in Section 4.04 hereof and PFI\'s and
NPB\'s compliance with any conditions contained therein, the consummation of
the Merger, and (iii) compliance by PFI or any PFI Subsidiary with any of the
terms or provisions hereof, do not and will not:   (A) conflict with or
result in a breach of any provision of the respective articles of
incorporation or bylaws of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary;   (B) violate any
statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction
applicable to PFI or any PFI Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
or assets; or      21    (C) except as described in PFI Disclosure
Schedule 3.03, violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provisions
of, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or
both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of, or
acceleration of, the performance required by, or result in a right of
termination or acceleration or the creation of any lien, security interest,
charge or other encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of PFI or
any PFI Subsidiary under any of the terms or conditions of any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, license, lease, agreement, commitment or other
instrument or obligation to which PFI or any PFI Subsidiary is a party, or by
which they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or
affected,  excluding from clauses (B) and (C) hereof, any items which, in
the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   3.04 Consents.
No consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any public
body or authority are necessary, and except as described in PFI Disclosure
Schedule 3.04, no consents or approvals of any third parties are necessary,
in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by PFI or the
Bank Plan of Merger by Peoples Bank or, subject to the consents, approvals,
filings and registrations from or with the Regulatory Authorities referred to
in Section 4.04 hereof and compliance with any conditions contained therein
and subject to the approval of this Agreement by the shareholders of PFI as
required under the BCL, the consummation by PFI or Peoples Bank of
the Contemplated Transactions.   3.05 Financial Statements.   (a) PFI has
delivered to NPB the PFI Financials, except those pertaining to quarterly
periods commencing after September 30, 2003, which it will deliver to NPB
within 45 days after the end of the respective quarter. The delivered PFI
Financials fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows of PFI as of and for
the periods ended on the dates thereof, in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied, and, in the case of interim period financial statements, which are
subject to normal year-end adjustments and footnotes thereto.   (b) To the
Knowledge of PFI and except as set forth in PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.05(b),
PFI did not, as of the date of the balance sheets referred to below,have any
liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise, which are not fully reflected or reserved against in
the balance sheets included in the PFI Financials at the date of such balance
sheets which would have been required to be reflected therein in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied or disclosed in a footnote thereto, except for
liabilities and obligations which were incurred in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, and except for liabilities
and       22   obligations which are within the subject matter of a
specific representation and warranty herein or which otherwise have not had a
Material Adverse Effect.   3.06 No Material Adverse Change. Neither PFI nor
any PFI Subsidiary has suffered any adverse change in their respective
assets, business, financial condition or results of operations since
September 30, 2003 which change has had a Material Adverse Effect.   3.07
Taxes.   (a) PFI and the PFI Subsidiaries are members of the same
affiliated group within the meaning of IRC Section 1504(a) of which PFI is a
common parent. PFI has filed, and will file, all material federal, state and
local tax returns required to be filed by, or with respect to, PFI and the
PFI Subsidiaries on or prior to the Closing Date, except to the extent that
any failure to file or any inaccuracies would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and has paid or will pay, or made
or will make, provisions for the payment of all federal, state and local
taxes which are shown on such returns to be due for the periods covered
thereby from PFI or any PFI Subsidiary to any applicable taxing authority, on
or prior to the Closing Date, other than taxes which (i) are not delinquent
or are being contested in good faith, (ii) have not been finally determined,
or (iii) the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect.   (b) No consent pursuant to IRC Section 341(f)
has been filed, or will be filed prior to the Closing Date, by or with
respect to PFI or any PFI Subsidiary.   (c) To the Knowledge of PFI, there
are no material disputes pending, or claims asserted in writing, for taxes or
assessments upon PFI or any PFI Subsidiary, nor has PFI or any PFI Subsidiary
been requested in writing to give any currently effective waivers extending
the statutory period of limitation applicable to any federal, state, county
or local income tax return for any period.   (d) Proper and accurate
amounts have been withheld by PFI and each PFI Subsidiary from their
employees for all prior periods in compliance in all material respects with
the tax withholding provisions of applicable federal, state and local laws,
except where failure to do so is not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect.   3.08 Contracts.   (a) Except as described in PFI
Disclosure Schedule 3.08(a) or 3.12, neither PFI nor any PFI Subsidiary is a
party to or subject to:   (i) any employment, consulting, severance,
"change-in-control"       23   or termination contract or arrangement
with any officer, director, employee, independent contractor, agent or other
person, except for "at will" arrangements;   (ii) any plan, arrangement or
contract providing for bonuses, pensions, options, deferred compensation,
retirement payments, profit sharing or similar arrangements for or with any
officer, director, employee, independent contractor, agent or other
person;   (iii) any collective bargaining agreement with any labor
union relating to employees;   (iv) any agreement which by its terms limits
the payment of dividends by PFI or any PFI Subsidiary;   (v) except in the
ordinary course of business, any material instrument evidencing or related to
indebtedness for borrowed money, whether directly or indirectly, by way of
purchase money obligation, conditional sale, lease purchase, guaranty or
otherwise, in respect of which PFI or any PFI Subsidiary is an obligor to any
person, other than deposits, repurchase agreements, bankers acceptances and
"treasury tax and loan" accounts established in the ordinary course of
business, instruments relating to transactions entered into in the customary
course of the banking business of Peoples Bank, and transactions in "federal
funds", or which contains financial covenants or other restrictions, other
than those relating to the payment of principal and interest when due, which
would be applicable on or after the Closing Date;   (vi) any contract, other
than this Agreement, which restricts or prohibits it from engaging in any
type of business permissible under applicable law;   (vii) any contract,
plan or arrangement which provides for payments or benefits in certain
circumstances which, together with other payments or benefits payable to any
participant therein or party thereto, might render any portion of any such
payments or benefits subject to disallowance of deduction therefor as a
result of the application of Section 280G of the IRC;   (viii) except in the
ordinary course of business, any lease for real property;   (ix) any
contract or arrangement with any broker-dealer or investment adviser;   (x)
any investment advisory contract with any investment company registered under
the Investment Company Act of 1940; or   (xi) any contract or arrangement
with, or membership in, any local clearing house or self-regulatory
organization.      24    (b) (i) All the contracts, plans,
arrangements and instruments listed in PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.08(a) or
3.12 are in full force and effect on the date hereof, and neither PFI, any
PFI Subsidiary nor, to the Knowledge of PFI, any other party to any such
contract, plan, arrangement or instrument, has breached any provision of, or
is in default under any term of, any such contract, plan, arrangement or
instrument the breach of which or default under which will have a Material
Adverse Effect, and no party to any such contract, plan, arrangement or
instrument will have the right to terminate any or all of the provisions
thereof as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the
termination of which will have a Material Adverse Effect.   (ii) Except as
otherwise described in PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.08(a) or 3.12, no plan,
employment agreement, termination agreement or similar agreement or
arrangement to which PFI or any PFI Subsidiary is a party or by which PFI or
any PFI Subsidiary may be bound:   (A) contains provisions which permit an
employee or an independent contractor to terminate it without cause and
continue to accrue future benefits thereunder;   (B) provides for
acceleration in the vesting of benefits thereunder upon the occurrence of a
change in ownership or control or merger or other acquisition of PFI or any
PFI Subsidiary; or   (C) requires PFI or any PFI Subsidiary to provide
a benefit in the form of PFI Common Stock or determined by reference to the
value of PFI Common Stock.   3.09 Ownership of Property; Insurance
Coverage.   (a) PFI and each PFI Subsidiary has, and will have as to
property acquired after the date hereof, good, and as to real property,
marketable, title to all material assets and properties owned by PFI or such
PFI Subsidiary, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, including
securities, assets and properties reflected in the balance sheets contained
in the PFI Financials or acquired subsequent thereto (except to the extent
that such securities are held in any fiduciary or agency capacity and except
to the extent that such assets and properties have been disposed of for fair
value, in the ordinary course of business, or have been disposed of as
obsolete since the date of such balance sheets), subject to no encumbrances,
liens, mortgages, security interests or pledges, except:   (i) those items
that secure liabilities for borrowed money and that are described in PFI
Disclosure Schedule 3.09(a) or permitted under Article V hereof;   (ii)
statutory liens for amounts not yet delinquent or which are being contested
in good faith;       25    (iii) liens for current taxes not yet due
and payable;   (iv) pledges to secure deposits and other liens incurred
in the ordinary course of banking business;   (v) such imperfections of
title, easements and encumbrances, if any, as are not material in character,
amount or extent; and   (vi) dispositions and encumbrances for adequate
consideration in the ordinary course of business.  PFI and each PFI
Subsidiary have the right under leases of material properties used by PFI or
such PFI Subsidiary in the conduct of their respective businesses to occupy
and use all such properties in all material respects as presently occupied
and used by them.   (b) With respect to all agreements pursuant to which PFI
or any PFI Subsidiary has purchased securities subject to an agreement to
resell, if any, PFI or such PFI Subsidiary has a valid, perfected first lien
or security interest in the securities or other collateral securing the
repurchase agreement, and the value of such collateral equals or exceeds the
amount of the debt secured thereby, except to the extent that any failure to
obtain such a lien or maintain such collateral would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) PFI and each PFI
Subsidiary maintain insurance in amounts considered by PFI to be reasonable
for their respective operations, and such insurance is similar in scope and
coverage in all material respects to that maintained by other businesses
similarly situated. Neither PFI nor any PFI Subsidiary has received notice
from any insurance carrier that:   (i) such insurance will be cancelled or
that coverage thereunder will be reduced or eliminated; or   (ii) premium
costs with respect to such insurance will be substantially
increased;  except to the extent such cancellation, reduction, elimination
or increase would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   (d) PFI and each
PFI Subsidiary maintain such fidelity bonds and errors and omissions
insurance as may be customary or required under applicable laws
or regulations.      26    3.10 Legal Proceedings. Except as set
forth in PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.10, neither PFI nor any PFI Subsidiary is
a party to any, and there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of PFI,
threatened, legal, administrative, arbitration or other proceedings, claims,
actions, customer complaints, or governmental investigations or inquiries of
any nature:   (a) against PFI or any PFI Subsidiary;   (b) to which the
assets of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary are subject;   (c) challenging the
validity or propriety of any of the Contemplated Transactions; or   (d)
which could materially adversely affect the ability of PFI, Peoples Bank or
any other PFI Subsidiary to perform their respective obligations under this
Agreement and the Bank Plan of Merger;  except for any proceedings, claims,
actions, investigations, or inquiries referred to in clauses (a) or (b)
which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.   3.11 Compliance with Applicable Law.   (a) PFI and each PFI
Subsidiary hold all licenses, franchises, permits and authorizations
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses under, and
have complied in all material respects with, applicable laws, statutes,
orders, rules or regulations of any Regulatory Authority relating to them,
other than where such failure to hold or such noncompliance will neither
result in a limitation in any material respect on the conduct of its
businesses nor otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect.   (b) PFI and each
PFI Subsidiary have filed all reports, registrations and statements, together
with any amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that they were
required to file with any Regulatory Authority, and have filed all other
reports and statements required to be filed by them, including without
limitation any report or statement required to be filed pursuant to the laws,
rules or regulations of the United States, any state or any
Regulatory Authority, and have paid all fees and assessments due and payable
in connection therewith, except where the failure to file such report,
registration or statement or to pay such fees and assessments, either
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (c) No Regulatory Authority has initiated any proceeding or, to
the Knowledge of PFI, investigation into the business or operations of PFI or
any PFI Subsidiary, except where any such proceedings or investigations will
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, or
such proceedings or investigations have been terminated or otherwise
resolved.      27    (d) Neither PFI nor any PFI Subsidiary has
received any notification or communication from any Regulatory Authority:  
(i) asserting that PFI or any PFI Subsidiary is not in substantial compliance
with any of the statutes, regulations or ordinances which such Regulatory
Authority enforces, unless such assertion has been waived, withdrawn or
otherwise resolved;   (ii) threatening to revoke any license, franchise,
permit or governmental authorization which is material to PFI or any PFI
Subsidiary;   (iii) requiring or threatening to require PFI or any
PFI Subsidiary, or indicating that PFI or any PFI Subsidiary may be required,
to enter into a cease and desist order, agreement or memorandum of
understanding or any other agreement restricting or limiting, or purporting
to restrict or limit, in any manner the operations of PFI or any PFI
Subsidiary, including without limitation any restriction on the payment of
dividends; or   (iv) directing, restricting or limiting, or purporting
to direct, restrict or limit, in any manner the operations of PFI or any
PFI Subsidiary (any such notice, communication, memorandum, agreement or
order described in this sentence herein referred to as a "Regulatory
Agreement");  in each case except as heretofore disclosed to NPB.   (e)
Neither PFI nor any PFI Subsidiary has received, consented to, or entered
into any Regulatory Agreement, except as heretofore disclosed to NPB.   (f)
To the Knowledge of PFI, except as heretofore disclosed to NPB, there is no
unresolved violation, criticism, or exception by any Regulatory Authority
with respect to any Regulatory Agreement which if resolved in a
manner adverse to PFI or any PFI Subsidiary would have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (g) There is no injunction, order, judgment or decree imposed upon
PFI or any PFI Subsidiary or the assets of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary which
has had, or, to the Knowledge of PFI, would have, a Material Adverse
Effect.   3.12 ERISA.   (a) PFI has delivered to NPB true and complete
copies of any employee pension benefit plans within the meaning of ERISA
Section 3(2), profit sharing plans, stock purchase plans, deferred
compensation and supplemental income plans, supplemental executive retirement
plans, annual incentive plans, group       28   insurance plans, and
all other employee welfare benefit plans within the meaning of ERISA Section
3(1) (including vacation pay, sick leave, short-term disability, long-term
disability, and medical plans) and all other material employee benefit plans,
policies, agreements and arrangements, all of which are set forth in PFI
Disclosure Schedule 3.12, currently maintained or contributed to for the
benefit of the employees or former employees (including retired employees)
and any beneficiaries thereof or directors or former directors of PFI or any
other entity (a "PFI ERISA Affiliate") that, together with PFI, is treated as
a single employer under IRC Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) (collectively, the
"PFI Benefit Plans"), together with:   (i) the most recent actuarial reports
(if any) and financial reports relating to those PFI Benefit Plans which
constitute "qualified plans" under IRC Section 401(a);   (ii) the most
recent Form 5500 (if any) relating to such PFI Benefit Plans filed with the
IRS; and   (iii) the most recent IRS determination letters which pertain to
any such PFI Benefit Plans.   (b) Neither PFI nor any PFI ERISA Affiliate,
and no pension plan (within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(2)) maintained or
contributed to by PFI or any PFI ERISA Affiliate, has incurred any liability
to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or to the IRS with respect to any
pension plan qualified under IRC Section 401(a), except liabilities to the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation pursuant to ERISA Section 4007, all of
which have been fully paid, nor has any reportable event under ERISA Section
4043(b) (with respect to which the 30 day notice requirement has not been
waived) occurred with respect to any such pension plan.   (c) Neither PFI
nor any PFI ERISA Affiliate has ever contributed to or otherwise incurred any
liability with respect to a multi-employer plan (within the meaning of ERISA
Section 3(37)).   (d) Each PFI Benefit Plan has been maintained, operated
and administered in compliance in all respects with its terms and related
documents or agreements and the applicable provisions of all laws, including
ERISA and the IRC, except where any such non-compliance would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (e) There is no existing, or, to the Knowledge
of PFI, contemplated, audit of any PFI Benefit Plan by the IRS, the U.S.
Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other
governmental authority. In addition, there are no pending or threatened
claims by, on behalf of or with respect to any PFI Benefit Plan, or by or on
behalf of any individual participant or beneficiary of any PFI Benefit Plan,
alleging any violation of ERISA or any other applicable laws, or claiming
benefits (other than claims for benefits not in dispute and expected to be
granted promptly in the ordinary course of business), nor to the Knowledge of
PFI, is there any basis for such claim.      29    (f) With respect
to any services which PFI or any PFI Subsidiary may provide as a record-
keeper, administrator, custodian, fiduciary, trustee or otherwise for any
plan, program, or arrangement subject to ERISA (other than any PFI Benefit
Plan), PFI and each PFI Subsidiary:   (i) have correctly computed all
contributions, payments or other amounts for which it is responsible;  
(ii) have not engaged in any prohibited transactions (as defined in ERISA
Section 406 for which an exemption does not exist);   (iii) have not
breached any duty imposed by ERISA: and   (iv) have not otherwise incurred
any liability to the IRS, the Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation, or to any beneficiary, fiduciary or sponsor of any
ERISA plan in the performance (or non-performance) of services;  except
where any such action or inaction would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.   3.13 Brokers and Finders. Neither PFI, any PFI
Subsidiary, nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
independent contractors or agents, has employed any broker, finder,
investment banker or financial advisor, or incurred any liability for any
fees or commissions to any such person, in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except for Sandler O\'Neill and Partners, L.P.
("Sandler"), whose engagement letter with PFI is included in PFI Disclosure
Schedule 3.13.   3.14 Environmental Matters.   (a) Except as set forth on
PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.14, to the Knowledge of PFI, neither PFI nor any
PFI Subsidiary, nor any property owned or operated by PFI or any PFI
Subsidiary, has been or is in violation of or liable under any Environmental
Law, except for such violations or liabilities that, individually or in the
aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on
PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.14, there are no actions, suits or proceedings, or
demands, claims or notices, including without limitation notices, demand
letters or requests for information from any Regulatory Authority, instituted
or pending, or to the Knowledge of PFI, threatened, or any investigation
pending, relating to the liability of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary with respect
to any property owned or operated by PFI or any PFI Subsidiary under any
Environmental Law, except as to any such actions or other matters which would
not result in a Material Adverse Effect.      30    (b) Except as set
forth on PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.14, to the Knowledge of PFI, no property,
now or formerly owned or operated by PFI or any PFI Subsidiary or on which
PFI or any PFI Subsidiary holds or held a mortgage or other security interest
or has foreclosed or taken a deed in lieu of foreclosure, has been listed or
proposed for listing on the National Priority List under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended
("CERCLA"), on the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and
Liabilities Information System, or any similar state list, or which is the
subject of federal, state or local enforcement actions or
other investigations which may lead to claims against PFI or any PFI
Subsidiary for response costs, remedial work, investigation, damage to
natural resources or for personal injury or property damage claim, including,
but not limited to, claims under CERCLA, which would have a Material Adverse
Effect.   3.15 Business of PFI. Since September 30, 2003, neither PFI nor
any PFI Subsidiary has, in any material respect:   (a) increased the wages,
salaries, compensation, pension or other employee benefits payable to any
executive officer, employee or director, except as is permitted in Section
5.01(d);   (b) eliminated employee benefits;   (c) deferred routine
maintenance of real property or leased premises;   (d) eliminated a reserve
where the liability related to such reserve has remained;   (e) failed to
depreciate capital assets in accordance with past practice or to eliminate
capital assets which are no longer used in its business; or   (f) had
extraordinary reduction or deferral of ordinary or necessary expenses.  
3.16 CRA Compliance. PFI and Peoples Bank are in material compliance with the
applicable provisions of the CRA, and, as of the date hereof, Peoples Bank
has received a CRA rating of "satisfactory" or better from the FDIC. To
the Knowledge of PFI, there is no fact or circumstance or set of facts
or circumstances which would cause PFI or Peoples Bank to fail to comply with
such provisions in a manner which would have a Material Adverse Effect.  
3.17 Bank Merger.   (a) Peoples Bank has full corporate power and authority
to execute and deliver the Bank Plan of Merger and to consummate the Bank
Merger. The execution and delivery of the Bank Plan of Merger by Peoples Bank
and the consummation by       31   Peoples Bank of the Bank Merger
have been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of Peoples Bank
and by PFI as sole shareholder of Peoples Bank, and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Peoples Bank are necessary to consummate the Bank
Merger. Subject to receipt of required approvals of Regulatory Authorities,
the Bank Plan of Merger, upon its execution and delivery by Peoples Bank
concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of Peoples Bank,
enforceable against Peoples Bank in accordance with its terms, subject to
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\'
rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of
equity.   (b) The execution and delivery of the Bank Plan of Merger and
the consummation of the Bank Merger will not:   (i) conflict with or result
in a breach of any provision of the respective articles of incorporation or
bylaws of PFI or Peoples Bank;   (ii) subject to receipt of required
Regulatory Approvals, violate any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order,
writ, decree or injunction applicable to PFI or Peoples Bank or any of their
respective properties or assets; or   (iii) violate, conflict with, result
in a breach of any provisions of, constitute a default (or an event which,
with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under,
result in the termination of, or acceleration of the performance required by,
or result in a right of termination or acceleration or the creation of any
lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the
respective properties or assets of PFI or Peoples Bank under, any of the
terms or conditions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, lease,
agreement, commitment or other instrument or obligation to which PFI or
Peoples Bank is a party, or by which they or any of their respective
properties or assets may be bound or affected;  excluding from clauses (ii)
and (iii) any such items which, in the aggregate, would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.   3.18 Information to be Supplied.   (a) The information
supplied by PFI for inclusion in the Registration Statement (including the
Prospectus/Proxy Statement) will not, at the time the Registration Statement
is declared effective pursuant to the Securities Act, and as of the date the
Prospectus/Proxy Statement is mailed to shareholders of PFI, and up to and
including the date of the PFI Shareholders Meeting, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in
order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.        32   
(b) The information supplied by PFI for inclusion in the Applications will,
at the time each such document is filed with any Regulatory Authority and up
to and including the dates of any required regulatory approvals or
consents, as such Applications may be amended by subsequent filings, be
accurate in all material respects.   3.19 Related Party Transactions.  
(a) Except as set forth on PFI Disclosure Schedule 3.19, or as is disclosed
in the footnotes to the PFI Financials, as of the date hereof, neither PFI
nor any PFI Subsidiary is a party to any transaction (including any loan
or other credit accommodation but excluding deposits in the ordinary course
of business) with any Affiliate of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary, and all
such transactions were made on substantially the same terms, including
interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable
transactions with other "persons" (as defined in Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder), except with respect
to variations in such terms as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Except as set forth in PFI Disclosure
Schedule 3.19, as of the date hereof, no loan or credit accommodation to any
PFI Affiliate is presently in default or, during the three-year period prior
to the date of this Agreement, has been in material default or has been
restructured, modified or extended in any manner which would have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of PFI, as of the date hereof, principal and
interest with respect to any such loan or other credit accommodation will be
paid when due and the loan grade classification accorded such loan or credit
accommodation is appropriate.   3.20 Loans. All loans reflected as assets in
the PFI Financials are evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences of
indebtedness which are true, genuine and correct, and to the extent secured,
are secured by valid liens and security interests which have been perfected,
excluding loans as to which the failure to satisfy the foregoing standards
would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   3.21 Allowance for Loan Losses.
The allowance for loan losses shown, and to be shown, on the balance sheets
contained in the PFI Financials have been, and will be, established in
accordance with GAAP and all applicable regulatory criteria.   3.22
Reorganization. As of the date hereof, PFI does not have any reason to
believe that the Merger will fail to qualify as a reorganization
under Section 368(a) of the IRC.   3.23 Fairness Opinion. PFI has received
an oral opinion from Sandler to the effect that, as of the date hereof, the
consideration to be received by shareholders of PFI pursuant to this
Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to such shareholders.  
3.24 Securities Documents. PFI has delivered to NPB copies of:     
33    (a) PFI\'s annual reports on SEC Form 10-K for the years ended
December 31, 2002 and 2001;   (b) PFI\'s quarterly report on SEC Form 10-Q
for the quarters ended March 31, 2003, June 30, 2003 and September 30,
2003.   (c) all other reports, registration statements and filings of PFI
filed with the SEC since January 1, 2003; and   (d) PFI\'s proxy materials
used in connection with its meetings of shareholders held in 2003 and
2002.  Such reports and proxy materials complied, in all material respects,
and all future SEC reports, filings, and proxy materials will comply, in all
material respects, with the rules and regulations of the SEC to the extent
applicable thereto, and all such SEC reports, filings and proxy materials did
not and will not, at the time of their filing, contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.   3.25 Quality of
Representations. To the Knowledge of PFI, no representation made by PFI in
this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading.    ARTICLE IV  ----------  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NPB 
-------------------------------------   NPB hereby represents and warrants
to PFI as follows:   4.01 Organization.   (a) NPB is a corporation duly
incorporated, organized and subsisting under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. NPB is a bank holding company duly registered under the BHC Act
of 1956, as amended. NPB has the corporate power to carry on its businesses
and operations as now being conducted and to own and operate the properties
and assets now owned and being operated by it. NPB is duly licensed,
registered or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the
nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the
properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing,
registration or qualification necessary, except where the      
34   failure to be so licensed, registered or qualified will not have a
Material Adverse Effect, and all such licenses, registrations and
qualifications are in full force and effect in all material respects.   (b)
NPBank is a national banking association duly organized and validly existing
under the laws of the United States. NPBank has the corporate power to carry
on its business and operations as now being conducted and to own and operate
the properties and assets now owned and being operated by it. NPBank is duly
licensed, registered or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction
in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or
location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such
licensing, registration or qualification necessary, except where the failure
to be so licensed, registered or qualified will not have a Material Adverse
Effect, and all such licenses, registrations and qualifications are in full
force and effect in all material respects.   (c) The deposits of NPBank are
insured by the Bank Insurance Fund of the FDIC to the extent provided in the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act.   (d) NPB has no Subsidiaries other than
those identified in NPB Disclosure Schedule 4.01(d).   (e) The respective
minute books of NPB and each NPB Subsidiary accurately record, in all
material respects, all material corporate actions of their respective
shareholders and boards of directors, including committees, in each case in
accordance with the normal business practice of NPB and the
NPB Subsidiary.   (f) NPB has delivered to PFI true and correct copies of
the respective articles of incorporation, articles of association and bylaws
of NPB and NPBank, as in effect on the date hereof.   4.02
Capitalization.   (a) The authorized capital stock of NPB consists of (a)
62,500,000 shares of common stock, without par value ("NPB Common Stock"), of
which, as of December 15, 2003, 45,806 shares are validly issued and held by
NPB as treasury stock and 24,213,107 shares are validly issued and
outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, and
(b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value, of which none are
issued. NPB has not issued nor is NPB bound by any subscription, option,
warrant, call, commitment, agreement or other Right of any character relating
to the purchase, sale, or issuance of, or right to receive dividends or other
distributions on, any shares of NPB Common Stock or any other security of NPB
or any securities representing the right to vote, purchase or otherwise
receive any shares of NPB Common Stock or any other security of NPB, except
(i) for options to acquire shares of NPB Common Stock issued under NPB\'s
various stock option plans, (ii) pursuant to NPB\'s employee stock purchase
plan, dividend reinvestment plan and directors\' fee plan, (iii) pursuant to
the Rights Agreement, and (iv) this Agreement.      35    (b) NPB
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock of NPBank and the
other NPB Subsidiaries, free and clear of any liens, security interests,
pledges, charges, encumbrances, agreements and restrictions of any kind or
nature. There are no subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments,
agreements or other Rights outstanding with respect to the capital stock of
NPBank or any other NPB Subsidiary. Except for the NPB Subsidiaries, NPB does
not possess, directly or indirectly, any material equity interest in any
corporation, except for equity interests in the investment portfolios
of NPB\'s Subsidiaries, equity interests held by NPB\'s Subsidiaries in a
fiduciary capacity, and equity interests held in connection with the
commercial loan activities of NPB\'s Subsidiaries.   4.03 Authority; No
Violation.   (a) NPB has full corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by NPB and the consummation by NPB
of the Contemplated Transactions (including, without limitation, the issuance
of the Adjusted PFI Options) have been duly and validly approved by the Board
of Directors of NPB by unanimous vote and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of NPB are necessary to consummate the Merger. This Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by NPB and, subject to receipt
of the required approvals of Regulatory Authorities described in Section 4.04
hereof, constitutes the valid and binding obligation of NPB, enforceable
against NPB in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\' rights generally and
subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.   (b) (i)
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by NPB, (ii) subject to receipt
of approvals from the Regulatory Authorities referred to in Section 4.04
hereof and NPB\'s and PFI\'s compliance with any conditions
contained therein, the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, and
(iii) compliance by NPB or any NPB Subsidiary with any of the terms or
provisions hereof, do not and will not:   (A) conflict with or result in a
breach of any provision of the respective articles of incorporation, articles
of association or bylaws of NPB or any NPB Subsidiary;   (B) violate any
statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction
applicable to NPB or any NPB Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
or assets; or   (C) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of
any provisions of, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of, or acceleration of the performance required by, or result in
a right of termination or acceleration or the creation of any lien, security
interest,       36   charge or other encumbrance upon any of the
properties or assets of NPB or any NPB Subsidiary under, any of the terms or
conditions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, lease, agreement,
commitment or other instrument or obligation to which NPB or any NPB
Subsidiary is a party, or by which they or any of their respective properties
or assets may be bound or affected,  excluding from clauses (B) and (C) any
such items which, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.   4.04 Consents. Except for consents and approvals of, or filings
with, the SEC, the FRB, the OCC, the PDB, the NASD and state securities or
"blue sky" authorities, no consents or approvals of, or filings or
registrations with, any public body or authority are necessary in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by NPB or the consummation
of the Contemplated Transactions.   4.05 Financial Statements.   (a) NPB
has delivered to PFI the NPB Financials, except those pertaining to quarterly
periods commencing after September 30, 2003, which it will deliver to PFI
within 45 days after the end of the respective quarter. The delivered NPB
Financials fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows of NPB as of and for
the periods ended on the dates thereof, in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied, and, in the case of interim period financial statements, which are
subject to normal year-end adjustments and footnotes thereto.   (b) To the
Knowledge of NPB, NPB did not have any liabilities or obligations of any
nature, whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise, which are not
fully reflected or reserved against in the balance sheets included in the NPB
Financials at the date of such balance sheets which would have been required
to be reflected therein in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
or disclosed in a footnote thereto, except for liabilities and obligations
which were incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, and except for liabilities and obligations which are within the
subject matter of a specific representation and warranty herein or which
otherwise have not had a Material Adverse Effect.   4.06 No Material
Adverse Change. Neither NPB nor any NPB Subsidiary has suffered any adverse
change in their respective assets, business, financial condition or results
of operations since September 30, 2003 which change has had a Material
Adverse Effect.   4.07 Taxes.   (a) NPB and the NPB Subsidiaries are
members of the same affiliated group within the meaning of IRC Section
1504(a) of which NPB is the common parent. NPB has filed, and will file, all
material federal, state and local tax       37   returns required to
be filed by, or with respect to, NPB and the NPB Subsidiaries on or prior to
the Closing Date, except to the extent that any failure to file or any
inaccuracies would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect, and has paid or will pay, or made or will make, provisions
for the payment of all federal, state and local taxes which are shown on such
returns to be due for the periods covered thereby from NPB or any
NPB Subsidiary to any applicable taxing authority, on or prior to the Closing
Date, other than taxes which (i) are not delinquent or are being contested in
good faith, (ii) have not been finally determined, or (iii) the failure to
pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) To the Knowledge of NPB, there are no material disputes
pending, or claims asserted in writing, for taxes or assessments upon NPB or
any NPB Subsidiary, nor has NPB or any NPB Subsidiary been requested in
writing to give any currently effective waivers extending the statutory
period of limitation applicable to any federal, state, county or local income
tax return for any period.   (c) Proper and accurate amounts have been
withheld by NPB and each NPB Subsidiary from their employees for all prior
periods in compliance in all material respects with the tax withholding
provisions of applicable federal, state and local laws, except where failure
to do so is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.08
Contracts. Except as described on NPB Disclosure Schedule 4.08, neither NPB
nor any NPB Subsidiary is a party to or subject to: (i) any agreement which
by its terms limits the payment of dividends by NPB or any NPB Subsidiary, or
(ii) any contract, other than this Agreement, which restricts or prohibits it
from engaging in any type of business permissible under applicable law.  
4.09 Ownership of Property; Insurance Coverage.   (a) NPB and each NPB
Subsidiary has, and will have as to property acquired after the date hereof,
good, and as to real property, marketable, title to all material assets and
properties owned by NPB or such NPB Subsidiary, whether real or personal,
tangible or intangible, including securities, assets and properties reflected
in the balance sheets contained in the NPB Financials or acquired subsequent
thereto (except to the extent that such securities are held in any fiduciary
or agency capacity and except to the extent that such assets and properties
have been disposed of for fair value, in the ordinary course of business, or
have been disposed of as obsolete since the date of such balance sheets),
subject to no encumbrances, liens, mortgages, security interests or pledges,
except:   (i) those items that secure liabilities for borrowed money
and that are described in NPB Disclosure Schedule 4.08 or permitted under
Article V hereof;   (ii) statutory liens for amounts not yet delinquent or
which are being contested in good faith;      38    (iii) liens for
current taxes not yet due and payable;   (iv) pledges to secure deposits and
other liens incurred in the ordinary course of banking business;   (v) such
imperfections of title, easements and encumbrances, if any, as are not
material in character, amount or extent; and   (vi) dispositions and
encumbrances for adequate consideration in the ordinary course of
business.  NPB and each NPB Subsidiary have the right under leases of
material properties used by NPB or such NPB Subsidiary in the conduct of
their respective businesses to occupy and use all such properties in all
material respects as presently occupied and used by them.   (b) With
respect to all agreements pursuant to which NPB or any NPB Subsidiary has
purchased securities subject to an agreement to resell, if any, NPB or such
NPB Subsidiary has a valid, perfected first lien or security interest in the
securities or other collateral securing the repurchase agreement, and the
value of such collateral equals or exceeds the amount of the debt secured
thereby, except to the extent that any failure to obtain such a lien or
maintain such collateral would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (c) NPB and each NPB Subsidiary maintain
insurance in amounts considered by NPB to be reasonable for their respective
operations, and such insurance is similar in scope and coverage in all
material respects to that maintained by other businesses similarly situated.
Neither NPB nor any NPB Subsidiary has received notice from any insurance
carrier that:   (i) such insurance will be cancelled or that
coverage thereunder will be reduced or eliminated; or   (ii) premium costs
with respect to such insurance will be substantially increased;  except to
the extent such cancellation, reduction, elimination or increase would not
have a Material Adverse Effect.   (d) NPB and each NPB Subsidiary maintain
such fidelity bonds and errors and omissions insurance as may be customary or
required under applicable laws or regulations.      39    4.10
Financing. At the Effective Date, NPB will have available cash sufficient to
pay the amounts required to be paid to PFI shareholders pursuant to this
Agreement and shares available and reserved to pay the Common
Stock Consideration, upon consummation of the Merger.   4.11 Legal
Proceedings. Neither NPB nor any NPB Subsidiary is a party to any, and there
are no pending or, to the Knowledge of NPB, threatened,
legal, administrative, arbitration or other proceedings, claims, actions,
customer complaints, or governmental investigations or inquiries of any
nature:   (a) against NPB or any NPB Subsidiary;   (b) to which the assets
of NPB or any NPB Subsidiary are subject;   (c) challenging the validity or
propriety of any of the Contemplated Transactions; or   (d) which could
materially adversely affect the ability of NPB or any other NPB Subsidiary to
perform their respective obligations under this Agreement and the Bank Plan
of Merger;  except for any proceedings, claims, actions, investigations, or
inquiries referred to in clauses (a) or (b) which, individually or in the
aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.12 Compliance with
Applicable Law.   (a) NPB and each NPB Subsidiary hold all licenses,
franchises, permits and authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of
their respective businesses under, and have complied in all material respects
with, applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules or regulations of any
Regulatory Authority relating to them, other than where such failure to hold
or such noncompliance will neither result in a limitation in any material
respect on the conduct of their respective businesses nor otherwise have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (b) NPB and each NPB Subsidiary have filed all
reports, registrations and statements, together with any amendments required
to be made with respect thereto, that they were required to file with any
Regulatory Authority, and have filed all other reports and statements
required to be filed by them, including without limitation any report or
statement required to be filed pursuant to the laws, rules or regulations of
the United States, any state or any Regulatory Authority, and have paid all
fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith, except where
the failure to file such report, registration or statement or to pay such
fees and assessments, either individually or in the aggregate, would not have
a Material Adverse Effect.      40    (c) No Regulatory Authority has
initiated any proceeding or, to the Knowledge of NPB, investigation into the
businesses or operations of NPB or any of its Subsidiaries, except where any
such proceedings or investigations will not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, or such proceedings or
investigations have been terminated or otherwise resolved.   (d) Neither NPB
nor any NPB Subsidiary has received any notification or communication from
any Regulatory Authority:   (i) asserting that NPB or any NPB Subsidiary is
not in substantial compliance with any of the statutes, regulations or
ordinances which such Regulatory Authority enforces, unless such assertion
has been waived, withdrawn or otherwise resolved;   (ii) threatening to
revoke any license, franchise, permit or governmental authorization which is
material to NPB or any NPB Subsidiary;   (iii) requiring or threatening to
require NPB or any NPB Subsidiary, or indicating that NPB or any NPB
Subsidiary may be required, to enter into a cease and desist order, agreement
or memorandum of understanding or any other agreement restricting or
limiting, or purporting to restrict or limit, in any manner the operations of
NPB or any NPB Subsidiary, including without limitation any restriction on
the payment of dividends; or   (iv) directing, restricting or limiting, or
purporting to direct, restrict or limit, in any manner the operations of NPB
or any NPB Subsidiary (any such notice, communication, memorandum, agreement
or order described in this sentence herein referred to as a "Regulatory
Agreement");  in each case except as heretofore disclosed to PFI.   (e)
Neither NPB nor any NPB Subsidiary has received, consented to, or entered
into any Regulatory Agreement except as heretofore disclosed to PFI.   (f)
To the Knowledge of NPB, there is no unresolved violation, criticism, or
exception by any Regulatory Authority with respect to any Regulatory
Agreement which if resolved in a manner adverse to NPB or any NPB Subsidiary
would have a Material Adverse Effect.   (g) There is no injunction, order,
judgment or decree imposed upon NPB or any NPB Subsidiary or the assets of
NPB or any NPB Subsidiary which has had, or, to the Knowledge of NPB, would
have, a Material Adverse Effect.       41    4.13 ERISA.   (a) NPB
has delivered to PFI true and complete copies of any employee pension benefit
plans within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(2), profit sharing plans, stock
purchase plans, deferred compensation and supplemental income plans,
supplemental executive retirement plans, annual incentive plans,
group insurance plans, and all other employee welfare benefit plans within
the meaning of ERISA Section 3(1) (including vacation pay, sick leave, short-
term disability, long-term disability, and medical plans) and all other
material employee benefit plans, policies, agreements and arrangements, all
of which are set forth in NPB Disclosure Schedule 4.13, currently maintained
or contributed to for the benefit of the employees or former employees
(including retired employees) and any beneficiaries thereof or directors or
former directors of NPB or any other entity (an "NPB ERISA Affiliate") that,
together with NPB, is treated as a single employer under IRC Sections
414(b),(c),(m) or (o) (collectively, the "NPB Benefit Plans"), together
with:   (i) the most recent actuarial reports (if any) and
financial reports relating to those NPB Benefit Plans which constitute
"qualified plans" under IRC Section 401(a);   (ii) the most recent Form
5500 (if any) relating to such NPB Benefit Plans filed by them, respectively,
with the IRS; and   (iii) the most recent IRS determination letters which
pertain to any such NPB Benefit Plans.   (b) Neither NPB nor any NPB ERISA
Affiliate, and no pension plan (within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(2))
maintained or contributed to by NPB or any NPB ERISA Affiliate, has incurred
any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or to the IRS with
respect to any pension plan qualified under IRC Section 401(a), except
liabilities to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation pursuant to ERISA
Section 4007, all of which have been fully paid, nor has any reportable event
under ERISA Section 4043(b) (with respect to which the 30 day notice
requirement has not been waived) occurred with respect to any such pension
plan.   (c) Neither NPB nor any NPB ERISA Affiliate has ever contributed to
or otherwise incurred any liability with respect to a multi-employer plan
(within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(37)).   (d) Each NPB Benefit Plan
has been maintained, operated and administered in compliance in all respects
with its terms and related documents or agreements and the applicable
provisions of all laws, including ERISA and the IRC, except where any such
non-compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   (e) There is no
existing, or, to the Knowledge of NPB, contemplated, audit of any NPB Benefit
Plan by the IRS, the U.S. Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation or any other governmental authority. In      
42   addition, there are no pending or threatened claims by, on behalf of
or with respect to any NPB Benefit Plan, or by or on behalf of any
individual participant or beneficiary of any NPB Benefit Plan, alleging any
violation of ERISA or any other applicable laws, or claiming benefits (other
than claims for benefits not in dispute and expected to be granted promptly
in the ordinary course of business), nor to the Knowledge of NPB, is there
any basis for such claim.   (f) With respect to any services which NPB or
any NPB Subsidiary may provide as a record-keeper, administrator, custodian,
fiduciary, trustee or otherwise for any plan, program, or arrangement subject
to ERISA (other than any NPB Benefit Plan), NPB and each NPB Subsidiary:  
(i) have correctly computed all contributions, payments or other amounts for
which it is responsible;   (ii) have not engaged in any prohibited
transactions (as defined in ERISA Section 406 for which an exemption does not
exist);   (iii) have not breached any duty imposed by ERISA: and   (iv)
have not otherwise incurred any liability to the IRS, the Department of
Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or to any beneficiary,
fiduciary or sponsor of any ERISA plan in the performance (or non-
performance) of services;  except where any such action or inaction would
not have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.14 Brokers and Finders. Neither
NPB, any NPB Subsidiary, nor any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, independent contractors or agents, has employed any broker,
finder, investment banker or financial advisor, or incurred any liability for
any fees or commissions to any such person, in connection with the
Contemplated Transactions, except for Griffin Financial Group LLC ("Griffin")
whose engagement letter with NPB is included in NPB Disclosure Schedule
4.14.   4.15 Environmental Matters.   (a) Except as set forth on NPB
Disclosure Schedule 4.15, to the Knowledge of NPB, neither NPB, any NPB
Subsidiary, nor any property owned or operated by NPB or any NPB Subsidiary,
has been or is in violation of or liable under any Environmental Law, except
for such violations or liabilities that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on NPB
Disclosure Schedule 4.15, there are no actions, suits or proceedings, or
demands, claims or notices, including without limitation notices, demand
letters or requests for information from any Regulatory Authority, instituted
or pending, or to the Knowledge of NPB, threatened, or any      
43   investigation pending, relating to the liability of NPB or any NPB
Subsidiary with respect to any property owned or operated by NPB or any NPB
Subsidiary under any Environmental Law, except as to any such actions or
other matters which would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.   (b)
Except as set forth on NPB Disclosure Schedule 4.15, to the Knowledge of NPB,
no property, now or formerly owned or operated by NPB or any NPB Subsidiary
or on which NPB or any NPB Subsidiary holds or held a mortgage or other
security interest or has foreclosed or taken a deed in lieu or foreclosure,
has been listed or proposed for listing on the National Priority List under
CERCLA on the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation
and Liabilities Information System, or any similar state list, or which is
the subject of federal, state or local enforcement actions or other
investigations which may lead to claims against NPB or any NPB Subsidiary for
response costs, remedial work, investigation, damage to natural resources or
for personal injury or property damage claim, including, but not limited to,
claims under CERCLA, which would have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.16
Business of NPB. Since September 30, 2003, neither NPB nor any NPB Subsidiary
has, in any material respect:   (a) increased the wages, salaries,
compensation, pension or other employee benefits payable to any executive
officer, employee or director;   (b) eliminated employee benefits;   (c)
deferred routine maintenance of real property or leased premises;   (d)
eliminated a reserve where the liability related to such reserve has
remained;   (e) failed to depreciate capital assets in accordance with
past practice or to eliminate capital assets which are no longer used in
its business; or   (f) had extraordinary reduction or deferral of ordinary
or necessary expenses.   4.17 CRA Compliance. NPB and NPBank are in
material compliance with the applicable provisions of the CRA, and, as of the
date hereof, NPBank has received a CRA rating of "satisfactory" or better
from the OCC. To the Knowledge of NPB, there is no fact or circumstance or
set of facts or circumstances which would cause NPBank to fail to comply with
such provisions in a manner which would have a Material Adverse Effect.  
4.18 Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses shown, and to
be shown, on the balance sheets contained in the NPB Financials have been,
and will be, established in accordance with GAAP and all
applicable regulatory criteria.      44    4.19 Bank Merger.   (a)
NPBank has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Bank
Plan of Merger and to consummate the Bank Merger. The execution and delivery
of the Bank Plan of Merger by NPBank and the consummation by NPBank of the
Bank Merger have been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of
NPBank and by NPB as sole shareholder of NPBank, and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of NPBank are necessary to consummate the
Bank Merger. Subject to receipt of required approvals of Regulatory
Authorities, the Bank Plan of Merger, upon its execution and delivery by
NPBank concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of NPBank, enforceable against
NPBank in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\' rights generally and
subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.   (b) The
execution and delivery of the Bank Plan of Merger and the consummation of the
Bank Merger will not:   (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any
provision of the respective articles of incorporation or association or
bylaws of NPB or NPBank;   (ii) subject to receipt of required approvals of
Regulatory Authorities, violate any statute, rule, regulation, judgment,
order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to NPB or NPBank or any of their
respective properties or assets; or   (iii) violate, conflict with, result
in a breach of any provisions of, constitute a default (or an event which,
with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under,
result in the termination of, or acceleration of the performance required by,
or result in a right of termination or acceleration or the creation of any
lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the
respective properties or assets of NPB or NPBank under, any of the terms or
conditions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, lease, agreement,
commitment or other instrument or obligation to which NPB or NPBank is a
party, or by which they or any of their respective properties or assets may
be bound or affected;  excluding from clauses (ii) and (iii) any such items
which, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.20
Information to be Supplied.   (a) The information supplied by NPB for
inclusion in the Registration Statement (including the Prospectus/Proxy
Statement) will not, as of the date the Registration Statement is declared
effective pursuant to the Securities Act, and as of the date the
Prospectus/Proxy Statement is mailed to shareholders of      
45   PFI, and up to and including the date of the PFI Shareholders Meeting,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of
the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.   (b) The
information supplied by NPB for inclusion in the Applications will, at the
time each such document is filed with any Regulatory Authority and up to and
including the dates of any required regulatory approvals or consents, as such
Applications may be amended by subsequent filings, be accurate in
all material respects.   4.21 Related Party Transactions.   (a) Except as
set forth on NPB Disclosure Schedule 4.21 or in the footnotes to the NPB
Financials, as of the date hereof, neither NPB nor any NPB Subsidiary is a
party to any transaction (including any loan or other credit accommodation
but excluding deposits in the ordinary course of business) with any Affiliate
of NPB or any NPB Subsidiary, and all such transactions were made on
substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral,
as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other
"persons" (as defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder), except with respect to variations in such terms as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) Except as set forth in NPB Disclosure Schedule 4.21, as of the
date hereof, no loan or credit accommodation to any Affiliate of NPB or any
NPB Subsidiary is presently in default or, during the three-year period prior
to the date of this Agreement, has been in material default or has been
restructured, modified or extended in any manner which would have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of NPB, as of the date hereof, principal and
interest with respect to any such loan or other credit accommodation will be
paid when due and the loan grade classification accorded such loan or credit
accommodation is appropriate.   4.22 Loans. All loans reflected as assets
in the NPB Financials are evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences
of indebtedness which are true, genuine and correct, and to the extent
secured, are secured by valid liens and security interests which have been
perfected, excluding loans as to which the failure to satisfy the foregoing
standards would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.23 Reorganization.
As of the date hereof, NPB does not have any reason to believe that the
Merger will fail to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
IRC. NPB shall not take any action which would preclude the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the
IRC.   4.24 Fairness Opinion. NPB has received an oral opinion from Griffin
to the effect that, as of the date hereof, the consideration to be paid by
NPB       46   pursuant to this Agreement is fair, from a financial
point of view, to NPB and the NPB Shareholders.   4.25 NPB Common Stock.
The shares of NPB Common Stock to be issued and delivered to PFI shareholders
in accordance with this Agreement, and the shares of NPB Common Stock
issuable pursuant to the Adjusted PFI Options, when so issued and delivered,
will be validly authorized and issued and fully paid and non-assessable, and
no shareholder of NPB shall have any pre-emptive right with respect
thereto.   4.26 Securities Documents. NPB has delivered to PFI copies
of:   (a) NPB\'s annual reports on SEC Form 10-K for the years ended
December 31, 2001 and 2002;   (b) all other reports, registration
statements and filings of NPB filed with the SEC since January 1, 2003;
and   (c) NPB\'s proxy materials used in connection with its meetings
of shareholders held in 2002 and 2003.  Such reports and proxy materials
complied, in all material respects, and any future SEC reports, filings, and
proxy materials will comply, in all material respects, with the rules and
regulations of the SEC to the extent applicable thereto. All such SEC
reports, filings and proxy materials did not and will not, at the time of
their filing, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they
were made, not misleading.   4.27 Rights Agreement. No event or
circumstance has occurred resulting in, and the execution of this Agreement
by NPB will not result in the grant, issuance or triggering of any right or
entitlement or the obligation to grant or issue any interest in NPB Common
Stock or enable or allow any right or other interest associated with the
Rights Agreement to be exercised, distributed or triggered.   4.28 "Well
Capitalized". NPB and NPBank are "well capitalized" within the meaning of the
FRB\'s and OCC\'s regulations, respectively. NPB and NPBank will be "well
capitalized" on the Closing Date.   4.29 Quality of Representations. To the
Knowledge of NPB, no representation made by NPB in this Agreement contains
any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.      47     ARTICLE V  ---------   COVENANTS OF THE
PARTIES  ------------------------   5.01 Conduct of PFI\'s Business.
Through the Closing Date, PFI shall, and shall cause each PFI Subsidiary to,
in all material respects, conduct its businesses and engage in transactions
only in the ordinary course and consistent with past practice, except as
otherwise required or contemplated by this Agreement or with the written
consent of NPB. PFI shall, and shall cause each PFI Subsidiary to, use its
reasonable good faith efforts to preserve its business organization intact,
maintain good relationships with employees, and preserve the good will of
customers of PFI or the PFI Subsidiaries and others with whom business
relationships exist, provided that non-customer contact job vacancies that
occur prior to the Effective Date through attrition shall not be filled or
any new employees hired, in each case without the prior written consent of
NPB. PFI shall have the right to replace customer contact employees in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. Through
the Closing Date, except as otherwise consented to in writing by NPB (such
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) or as permitted by this
Agreement, PFI shall not, and shall not permit any PFI Subsidiary to:   (a)
change any provision of its articles of incorporation or of its bylaws;  
(b) change the number of authorized or issued shares of its capital stock;
repurchase any shares of capital stock; or issue or grant any
option, warrant, call, commitment, subscription, Right or agreement of any
character relating to its authorized or issued capital stock or any
securities convertible into shares of capital stock; declare, set aside or
pay any dividend or other distribution in respect of capital stock; or redeem
or otherwise acquire any shares of PFI capital stock; except that:   (i)
PFI may issue shares of PFI Common Stock upon the valid exercise of any PFI
Options issued and outstanding on the date hereof, but excluding any options
where the exercise thereof would breach a signed Letter Agreement;   (ii)
PFI may declare and pay quarterly cash dividends at a rate of $0.17 per share
each quarter until the Closing Date in accordance with past practice;  (iii)
PFI may declare and pay a special 2003 year-end dividend in an amount not to
exceed $0.10 per share; and   (iv) subject to applicable regulatory
restrictions, if any, Peoples Bank may pay cash dividends to PFI sufficient
for PFI to fund any dividend by PFI permitted hereunder,   (c) grant any
severance or termination pay, other than pursuant to policies or agreements
of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary in effect on the date hereof, to, or enter into
or amend any employment, consulting, severance, "change-in-control" or
termination contract or arrangement with, any officer, director, employee,
independent contractor, agent or other person associated with PFI or any PFI
Subsidiary;      48    (d) grant job promotions or increase the rate
of compensation of, or pay any bonus to, any director, officer, employee,
independent contractor, agent or other person associated with PFI or any PFI
Subsidiary, except for:   (i) routine periodic pay increases, selective
merit pay increases and pay-raises in connection with promotions, all in
accordance with past practice; provided, however, that such pay increases and
raises shall not exceed five percent (5%) in the aggregate; and   (ii)
annual bonuses in the ordinary course for 2003, determined consistently with
past practice, to be payable on or before December 31, 2003, to persons
designated by PFI and approved by NPB (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld); and   (iii) annual bonuses in the ordinary course
for 2004, determined consistently with past practice but pro-rated to the
Closing Date, to be payable on or immediately prior to the Closing Date, to
persons designated by PFI and approved by NPB (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld); and   (iv) retention bonuses on account of the
Contemplated Transactions granted in good faith reasonable amounts not to
exceed $250,000 in the aggregate and to be payable to persons designated by
PFI and approved by NPB (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld)
not earlier than 30 days, nor later than 45 days, after the operational
merger of Peoples Bank and NPBank (including conversion of PFI\'s computer
system), which operational merger NPB presently anticipates will occur within
sixty (60) days of the Effective Date;   (e) merge or consolidate with any
other corporation; sell or lease all or any substantial portion of its assets
or businesses; make any acquisition of all or any substantial portion of the
business or assets of any other person, firm, association, corporation or
business organization; enter into a purchase and assumption transaction with
respect to deposits, loans or liabilities; relocate or surrender its
certificate of authority to maintain, or file an application for the
relocation of, any existing office; file an application for a certificate of
authority to establish a new office; change the status of any office as to
its supervisory jurisdiction; or fail to maintain and enforce in any material
respect its code of ethics and applicable compliance procedures;   (f) sell
or otherwise dispose of any material asset, other than in the ordinary course
of business, consistent with past practice; subject any asset to a lien,
pledge, security interest or other encumbrance, other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice; modify in any      
49   material manner the manner in which it has heretofore conducted its
business or enter into any new line of business; incur any indebtedness for
borrowed money, except in the ordinary course of business, consistent with
past practice;   (g) take any action which would result in any of the
conditions set forth in Article VI hereof not being satisfied;   (h) change
any method, practice or principle of accounting, except as required by
changes in GAAP concurred in by its independent certified public accountants;
or change any assumption underlying, or any method of calculation of,
depreciation of any type of asset or establishment of any reserve;   (i)
waive, release, grant or transfer any rights of material value or modify or
change in any material respect any existing material agreement to which it is
a party, other than in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
practice;   (j) implement any pension, retirement, profit-sharing, bonus,
welfare benefit or similar plan or arrangement that was not in effect on the
date of this Agreement, or amend any existing plan or arrangement except as
required by law;   (k) amend or otherwise modify its underwriting and other
lending guidelines and policies in effect as of the date hereof or otherwise
fail to conduct its lending activities in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;   (l) enter into, renew, extend or modify
any other transaction with any Affiliate, other than deposit and loan
transactions in the ordinary course of business and which are in compliance
with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations;   (m) enter into
any interest rate swap, floor or cap or similar commitment, agreement or
arrangement;   (n) take any action that would give rise to a right of
payment to any individual under any employment agreement, except (i) in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and (ii) for the
execution of this Agreement;   (o) purchase any security for its investment
portfolio (i) rated less than "AAA" by either Standard and Poor\'s Corporation
or Moody\'s Investor Services, Inc., or (ii) with a remaining maturity more
than five (5) years;   (p) except as set forth on PFI Disclosure Schedule
5.01(p), make any capital expenditure of $100,000 or more; or undertake or
enter into any lease, contract or other commitment for its account, other
than in the ordinary course of business, involving an unbudgeted expenditure
by PFI of more than $75,000, or extending beyond twelve (12) months from the
date hereof;   (q) take any action that would preclude the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the IRC;
or      50    (r) agree to do any of the foregoing.   5.02 Access;
Confidentiality.   (a) Through the Closing Date, each party hereto shall
afford to the other, including its authorized agents and representatives,
reasonable access to its and its Subsidiaries\' businesses, properties,
assets, books and records and personnel, at reasonable hours and after
reasonable notice; and the officers of each party shall furnish the other
party making such investigation, including its authorized agents and
representatives, with such financial and operating data and other information
with respect to such businesses, properties, assets, books and records and
personnel as the party making such investigation, or its authorized agents
and representatives, shall from time to time reasonably request.   (b) Each
party hereto agrees that it, and its authorized agents and representatives,
will conduct such investigation and discussions hereunder in a confidential
manner and otherwise in a manner so as not to interfere unreasonably with the
other party\'s normal operations and customer and employee relationships.
Neither PFI, NPB, nor any of their respective subsidiaries, shall be required
to provide access to or disclose information where such access or disclosure
would violate or prejudice the rights of customers, jeopardize attorney-
client privilege or similar privilege with respect to such information or
contravene any law, rule, regulation, decree, order, fiduciary duty
or agreement entered into prior to the date hereof.   (c) All information
furnished to NPB or PFI by the other in connection with the Contemplated
Transactions, whether prior to the date of this Agreement or subsequent
hereto, shall be held in confidence to the extent required by, and in
accordance with, the Confidentiality Agreement.   5.03 Regulatory Matters.
Through the Closing Date:   (a) NPB and PFI shall cooperate with one another
in the preparation of the Registration Statement (including the
Prospectus/Proxy Statement) and all Applications and the making of all
filings for, and shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain, as
promptly as practicable, all necessary permits, consents, approvals, waivers
and authorizations of all Regulatory Authorities necessary or advisable to
consummate the Contemplated Transactions. NPB and PFI shall each give the
other reasonable time to review any Application to be filed by it prior to
the filing of such Application with the relevant Regulatory Authority, and
each shall consult the other with respect to the substance and status of such
filings.   (b) PFI and NPB shall each promptly furnish the other with copies
of       51   written communications to, or received by them from,
any Regulatory Authority in respect of the Contemplate Transactions.   (c)
PFI and NPB shall cooperate with each other in the foregoing matters and
shall furnish the other with all information concerning itself as may be
necessary or advisable in connection with any Application or
filing, including any report filed with the SEC, made by or on behalf of such
party to or with any Regulatory Authority in connection with the
Contemplated Transactions, and in each such case, such information shall be
accurate and complete in all material respects. In connection therewith, PFI
and NPB shall use their reasonable good faith efforts to provide each other
certificates, "comfort" letters and other documents reasonably requested by
the other.   5.04 Taking of Necessary Actions. Through the Closing Date, in
addition to the specific agreements contained herein, each party hereto shall
use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken by each of
its Subsidiaries, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done by each of
its Subsidiaries, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable
laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the Contemplated
Transactions including, if necessary, appealing any adverse ruling in respect
of any Application.   5.05 No Solicitation. PFI shall not, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its officers, directors or employees or any
investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other
representative retained by it to:   (a) initiate, solicit, encourage
(including by way of furnishing information), or take any other action to
facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal which constitutes any
Acquisition Proposal (as defined herein);   (b) enter into or maintain or
continue discussions or negotiate with any person in furtherance of an
Acquisition Proposal; or   (c) agree to or endorse any Acquisition
Proposal.  PFI shall (unless it believes, after consultation with its
counsel, that such notification would violate the PFI Board of Directors\'
fiduciary duties) notify NPB as promptly as practicable, in reasonable
detail, as to any inquiries and proposals which it or any of its
representatives or agents may receive; provided, however, that,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement:   (i)
PFI may furnish or cause to be furnished confidential and non-public
information concerning PFI and its businesses, properties or assets to a
third party;   (ii) PFI may engage in discussions or negotiations with
a third party;      52    (iii) following receipt of an Acquisition
Proposal, PFI may take and disclose to its shareholders a position with
respect to such Acquisition Proposal; and/or   (iv) following receipt of an
Acquisition Proposal, the PFI Board of Directors may withdraw or modify its
recommendation of the Merger;  but in respect of the foregoing clauses (i)
through (iv) only if the PFI Board of Directors shall conclude in good faith
after consultation with its legal and financial advisors, that failure to do
so would result in a breach by such directors of their fiduciary duties to
PFI\'s shareholders.  As used herein, the term "Acquisition Proposal" means
the public announcement of a bona fide proposal (including a written
communication that is or becomes the subject of public disclosure) for: (A)
any merger, consolidation or acquisition of all or substantially all the
assets or liabilities of PFI, any PFI Subsidiary, or any other business
combination involving PFI or any PFI Subsidiary; or (B) a transaction
involving the transfer of beneficial ownership of securities representing, or
the right to acquire beneficial ownership or to vote securities representing,
10% or more of the then outstanding shares of PFI Common Stock or the then
outstanding shares of common stock of any PFI Subsidiary.   5.06 Update of
Disclosure Schedules. Through the Closing Date, PFI shall update the PFI
Disclosure Schedule, and NPB shall update the NPB Disclosure Schedule, as
promptly as practicable after the occurrence of any event which, if such
event had occurred prior to the date hereof, would have been disclosed on
such schedule.   5.07 Other Undertakings by NPB and PFI.   (a)
Undertakings of PFI.   (i) Shareholder Approval. PFI shall submit this
Agreement to its shareholders for approval at a meeting (the "PFI
Shareholders Meeting") with the recommendation (unless it believes, after
consultation with its legal counsel, that such recommendation would violate
the PFI Board of Directors\' fiduciary duties) of its Board of Directors to
such shareholders to approve this Agreement. The PFI Shareholders Meeting
may, in PFI\'s sole discretion, be held after all consents of any Regulatory
Authorities have been obtained. If any such consent has not been obtained
prior to the date established in the Prospectus/Proxy Statement for such
meeting, such meeting may be postponed or adjourned at the sole discretion of
PFI. The PFI Shareholders Meeting shall be held not later than 45 days after
all consents of Regulatory Authorities have been received and all other
conditions have been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions which
are to be fulfilled at the Closing).   (ii) Updated Fairness Opinion. PFI
shall use its reasonable       53   best efforts to obtain an updated
written opinion from Sandler to the effect that the consideration to be
received by shareholders of PFI pursuant to this Agreement is fair, from a
financial point of view, to such shareholders, dated not more than ten days
prior to the date of mailing of the Prospectus/Proxy Statement to the
shareholders of PFI, for inclusion in such Prospectus/Proxy Statement.  
(iii) Phase I Environmental Audit. PFI shall permit NPB, if NPB elects to do
so, at its own cost and expense, to cause a "phase I environmental audit" to
be performed at any physical location owned or occupied by PFI or any PFI
Subsidiary. NPB must commence a "phase I environmental audit" within sixty
(60) days of the date of this Agreement or NPB\'s right to perform such an
audit shall be waived.   (iv) Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Within ten days
after the date of this Agreement, PFI shall suspend, effective the date of
this Agreement and through the earlier of the Closing Date or the termination
of this Agreement, the operation of PFI\'s Dividend Reinvestment Plan.  
(b) Undertakings of NPB and PFI.   (i) Filings and Approvals. NPB and PFI
shall cooperate with each other in the preparation and filing, as soon as
practicable, of:   (A) the Applications;   (B) the Registration Statement
(including the Prospectus/Proxy Statement) and related filings, if any, under
state securities laws relating to the Merger; and   (C) all other documents
necessary to obtain any other approvals and consents required to effect
consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.   (ii) Public Announcements.
NPB and PFI shall agree upon the form and substance of any press release
related to this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, but nothing
contained herein shall prohibit either party, following notification to the
other party, from making any disclosure which its counsel deems necessary
under applicable law.   (iii) Maintenance of Insurance. NPB and each NPB
Subsidiary, and PFI and each PFI Subsidiary, shall maintain insurance in such
amounts as NPB and PFI, respectively, believe are reasonable to cover such
risks as are customary in relation to the character and location of its and
their respective Subsidiaries\' properties and the nature of its and their
respective Subsidiaries\' businesses.   (iv) Maintenance of Books and
Records. NPB and each NPB       54   Subsidiary, and PFI and each PFI
Subsidiary, shall maintain books of account and records on a basis consistent
with past practice.   (v) Taxes. NPB and each NPB Subsidiary, and PFI and
each PFI Subsidiary, shall file all federal, state, and local tax returns
required to be filed by it on or before the date such returns are due,
including any extensions, and pay all taxes shown to be due on such returns
on or before the dates such payments are due, except those being contested in
good faith.   (vi) Integration Team. NPB and PFI shall cooperate with
each other in the selection of an integration team, which team shall plan
and implement an orderly, cost-effective consolidation of Peoples Bank\'s
back room operations presently located in Oxford, Pennsylvania, into NP
Bank\'s operations in Boyertown, Pennsylvania. Consistent with PFI
maintaining its independent status prior to the Effective Date, NPB will
provide sufficient resources and personnel to effectively guide the
integration team.   (vii) Outside Service Bureau Contracts. NPB and PFI
shall cooperate with each other, and if mutually agreed in the interest of an
orderly, cost-effective consolidation of operations, terminate any contract
or arrangement PFI or any PFI Subsidiary may have with an outside service
bureau or other vendor of services and substitute a contract or arrangement
between NPB or any NPB Subsidiary (as NPB shall elect) and PFI for the
provision of similar services to PFI or any PFI Subsidiary on terms and
conditions mutually acceptable to PFI and NPB.   (viii) In-House
Operations. NPB and PFI shall, subject to applicable legal requirements,
cooperate with each other, and if mutually agreed in the interest of an
orderly, cost-effective consolidation of operations, terminate any in-house
back office, support, processing or other operational activities or services
of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary, including without limitation accounting, loan
processing and deposit services, and substitute a contract or arrangement
between NPB or any NPB Subsidiary (as NPB shall select) and PFI for the
provision of similar services to PFI or any PFI Subsidiary on terms and
conditions mutually acceptable to PFI and NPB.   (ix) Delivery of Financial
Statements. NPB and PFI shall each deliver to the other, as soon as
practicable after the end of each month and after the end of each calendar
quarter prior to the Effective Date, commencing with the month ended December
31, 2003, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of such date and related
unaudited consolidated statements of income for the periods then ended, which
financial statements shall fairly present, in all material respects, its
consolidated financial condition, results of operations for the periods then
ended in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and
footnotes.   (x) Delivery of SEC Documents. NPB and PFI shall each
deliver to the other copies of all reports filed with the SEC under the
Exchange Act promptly upon the filing thereof.      55    (c)
Undertakings of NPB.   (i) Employees, Severance Policy.   (A) Subject to
NPB\'s usual personnel and qualification policies, NPB will endeavor to
continue the employment of all current non-management employees of PFI in
positions that will contribute to the successful performance of the combined
organization. More specifically, NPB will, after consultation with George C.
Mason and Hugh J. Garchinsky, prior to or soon after the Closing Date, inform
each PFI employee of the likelihood of such employee having continued
employment with NPB, NPBank or any other NPB Subsidiary following the
Closing, and will permit any PFI employee to apply for any employment
position posted as available with NPB, NPBank or any other NPB Subsidiary.
NPB will give any PFI applicant priority consideration. Where there is a
coincidence of responsibilities, NPB will try to reassign the
affected individual to a needed position that utilizes the skills and
abilities of the individual. If that is impracticable or if NPB elects to
eliminate a position or does not offer the employee comparable employment
(i.e., a position of substantially similar job descriptions or
responsibilities at substantially the same salary level in a work location
within twenty five (25) miles of the employee\'s then current work location
with PFI), NPB will make severance payments to the displaced employee as set
forth in this Section 5.07(c)(i).   (B) Subject to the following minimum and
maximum benefits, NPB will grant an eligible employee two weeks of severance
pay (at his then current pay rate) for each year of an employee\'s service
with PFI or any PFI Subsidiary prior to the employment termination date. The
minimum benefit shall be eight weeks\' salary for full-time employees, which
will be pro-rated for part-time employees. The maximum severance benefit will
be 26 weeks\' salary.   (C) All employees of PFI or of any PFI Subsidiary
on the date hereof will be eligible for severance benefits set forth in
this Section 5.07(c)(i), except that:   (1) No employee of PFI or of any
PFI Subsidiary who shall receive any payment or benefit pursuant to any
"change in control" agreement or similar plan or right shall be eligible for
any severance benefits; and   (2) No employee of PFI or of any
PFI Subsidiary with an operating systems conversion support role of any kind
shall be eligible for any severance benefits unless such employee continues
in employment for 30 days following the actual consolidation and conversion
of Peoples Bank\'s operating systems with and into NPBank\'s operating
systems, which, as of the date hereof, is scheduled to be completed not later
than sixty days after the Effective Date.      56    (D) Each person
eligible for severance benefits will remain eligible for such benefits if his
or her employment is terminated, other than for "cause", within twelve months
after the Effective Date. Any person whose employment with NPB or any NPB
Subsidiary is terminated without "cause" after twelve months from the
Effective Date shall receive such severance benefit from NPB or such NPB
Subsidiary as is provided for in NPB\'s general severance policy for such
terminations (with full credit being given for each year of service with PFI
or any PFI Subsidiary).   (E) For purposes of this Section 5.07(c)(i),
"cause" means the employer\'s good faith reasonable belief that the employee
(1) committed fraud, theft or embezzlement; (2) falsified corporate records;
(3) disseminated confidential information concerning customers, NPB, any
NPB Subsidiary or any of its or their employees in violation of any
applicable confidentiality agreement or policy; (4) had documented
unsatisfactory job performance under NPB\'s dismissal policy; or (5) violated
NPB\'s Code of Conduct. The foregoing definition of "cause" is the definition
of "cause" used by NPB and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its
business.   (ii) Employee Benefits.   (A) As of the Effective Date, each
employee of PFI or of any PFI Subsidiary who becomes an employee of NPB or of
any NPB Subsidiary shall be entitled to full credit for each year of service
with PFI of the PFI Subsidiary for purposes of determining eligibility for
participation and vesting, but not benefit accrual, in NPB\'s, or as
appropriate, in the NPB Subsidiary\'s, employee benefit plans, programs and
policies. NPB shall use the original date of hire by PFI or a PFI Subsidiary
in making these determinations.   (B) The employee benefits provided to
former employees of PFI or a PFI Subsidiary after the Effective Date shall
be reasonably equivalent in the aggregate to the employee benefits provided
by NPB or its Subsidiaries to their similarly situated employees. The
medical, dental and life insurance plans, programs or policies, if any, that
become applicable to former employees of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary shall not
contain any exclusion or limitation with respect to any pre-existing
condition of any such employees or their dependents.   (C) NPB shall, or
shall cause NP Bank to, honor the supplemental retirement benefit plans for
George C. Mason and Carl R. Fretz, and honor the change in control agreements
among PFI, Peoples Bank and Scott W. Gundaker and Susan H. Reeves, as in
effect on the date hereof.   (D) Subject to the other provisions of this
Section 5.07(c)(ii) and Section 2.07, after the Effective Date, NPB may
discontinue, amend, convert to, or merge with, an NPB or NPB Subsidiary plan
any PFI Benefit Plan, subject to such plan\'s provisions and applicable
law.      57    (iii) Election of NPBank Directors.   (A) Upon
consummation of the Bank Merger and subject to compliance with all applicable
legal requirements, NPB shall cause NPBank to elect one person selected by
PFI\'s Board of Directors and approved by NPB (which approval is hereby
granted as to Hugh J. Garchinsky and will not otherwise be unreasonably
withheld) (a "PFI NPBank Nominee") as a director of NPBank, effective the
effective date of the Bank Merger, to hold office until his successor is
elected and qualified or otherwise in accordance with applicable law, the
articles of association and bylaws of NPBank; and NPB and NPBank shall take
all steps necessary to insure that the PFI NPBank Nominee is re-elected
to NPBank\'s Board of Directors for each of the three years following the
effective date of the Bank Merger if such person is in office as director of
NPBank on the annual election dates.   (B) If the PFI NPBank Nominee, or
any successor, resigns, dies or is otherwise removed from NPBank\'s Board of
Directors prior to the end of the third one-year term, the former PFI
directors who are then serving on the Peoples Bank Board, by a plurality
vote, shall have the right to select the successor to such PFI NPBank
Nominee, or any successor, subject to (A) compliance with the NPB/NPBank
Bylaws Restrictions, (B) such person being "independent" as defined by the
SEC and Nasdaq, and (C) approval of such person by NPB (which approval will
not be unreasonably withheld). NPB shall take all reasonable steps to elect
such successor to the NPBank Board of Directors.   (iv) PFI Division, PFI
Board.   (A) Upon consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, NPB shall
cause NPBank to establish and operate a separate banking division called
"Peoples Bank of Oxford, a Division of National Penn Bank" (the "Peoples Bank
Division"). Subject to the next sentence, the Peoples Bank Division will
consist of all Peoples Bank\'s present community offices and two additional
high profile community offices to be opened by the Peoples Bank Division
within the four years following the Effective Date unless otherwise mutually
agreed by the Peoples Bank Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Georgetown office of Peoples Bank will be combined with the Georgetown
office of NPBank\'s HomeTowne Heritage Bank division, and the combined office
will become and remain part of the HomeTowne Heritage Bank Division.   (B)
NPB will utilize the Peoples Bank Division in the further expansion of its
business in Southern Chester County, Pennsylvania, as well as points
immediately south, including Cecil County and Harford County, Maryland, and
New Castle County, Delaware. NPB will accomplish the expansion of the
community office system through, among other things, the opening of de
novo offices or the acquisition of branch deposits or assets from other
financial institutions.      58    (C) All offices and operations of
the Peoples Bank Division will be branded using the name "Peoples Bank of
Oxford, a Division of National Penn Bank", including without limitation all
branch signage, statements, communications, business cards, stationary,
brochures, web site, marketing materials, promotional items, billing and all
other aspects of the Peoples Bank Division.   (D) Upon consummation of the
Contemplated Transactions, NPB shall cause NPBank to establish the "Peoples
Bank of Oxford Division Board of Directors" (the "Peoples Bank Board"). The
Peoples Bank Board shall initially consist of the members of PFI\'s Board of
Directors at the Effective Date and one or two NPB or NPBank representatives
selected by NPB. In accordance with NPB corporate governance procedures and
guidelines, the Peoples Bank Board will have authority to add additional
members from time to time. NPB anticipates that the emphasis of the Peoples
Bank Board will be on business development, marketing and expansion of the
Peoples Bank Division throughout Southern Chester County, Pennsylvania and
points immediately south.   (E) PFI\'s current non-employee directors who
become Peoples Bank Board Members shall receive a $10,000 annual cash
retainer. Other persons who may be selected for service on the Peoples Bank
Board shall be compensated in accordance with NPB\'s standard compensation
arrangements for divisional board members, which is partially fixed and
partially incentive-based compensation. PFI\'s current non-employee directors
who become Peoples Bank Board Members shall have the option of electing to
receive such NPB standard compensation. The Peoples Bank Board shall have
indemnification and insurance coverage no less favorable than members of the
Board of Directors of NPBank.   (F) NPB shall operate the Peoples Bank
Division, and maintain the Peoples Bank Board at the foregoing compensation
level, for a period of at least two years after the Effective Date, except
that this covenant shall expire if and when NPB shall be acquired or
otherwise sold, or if agreed to by a majority vote of both the Peoples Bank
Board and the NPBank Board of Directors. In the event that the Peoples Bank
Board is discontinued for any reason at any time prior to three (3) years
after the Effective Date, any remaining compensation due to Peoples Bank
Board members for the balance of the three (3) year period shall be
accelerated and become immediately due and payable.   (v) Indemnification,
Insurance.   (A) NPB shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the
directors, officers, employees and agents of PFI and the PFI
Subsidiaries (each, an "Indemnified Party") against all losses, expenses
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees), claims, damages or liabilities and
amounts paid in settlement arising out of actions or omissions or alleged
acts or omissions       59   (collectively, "Prior Acts") occurring
at or prior to the Effective Date (including the Contemplated Transactions)
to the fullest extent permitted by Pennsylvania law, including provisions
relating to advances of expenses incurred in the defense of any proceeding to
the full extent permitted by Pennsylvania law upon receipt of any undertaking
required by Pennsylvania law. Without limiting the foregoing, in a case (if
any) in which a determination by NPB is required to effectuate any
indemnification, NPB shall direct, at the election of the Indemnified Party,
that the determination shall be made by independent counsel mutually agreed
upon between NPB and the Indemnified Party.   (B) NPB shall, and it shall
cause NPBank to, keep in effect provisions in its articles of incorporation
or association and bylaws providing for exculpation of director and officer
liability and its indemnification of the Indemnified Parties to the fullest
extent permitted by Pennsylvania law, which provisions shall not be amended
except as required by applicable law or except to make changes permitted by
law that would enlarge the Indemnified Parties\' right to
indemnification.   (C) NPB shall use its reasonable best efforts (and PFI
shall cooperate and assist prior to the Effective Date in these efforts),
at no expense to the beneficiaries, to:   (1) maintain directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance ("DandO; Insurance") for the Indemnified Parties
with respect to matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Date, issued
by a carrier assigned a claims-paying ability rating by A.M. Best and Co. of "A
(Excellent)" or higher; or   (2) obtain coverage for Prior Acts for
the Indemnified Parties under the directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance policies currently maintained by NPB;  in either case, providing
at least the same coverage as the DandO; Insurance currently maintained by PFI
and containing terms and conditions which are no less favorable to the
beneficiaries, for a period of at least six (6) years from the Effective
Date; provided, that NPB shall not be obligated to make annual premium
payments for such six-year period in respect of the DandO; Insurance
which exceed, for the portion related to PFI\'s directors and officers,
$69,064 (150% of the annual premium payment, as of December 1, 2003, under
PFI\'s current policy in effect on the date of this Agreement) (the "Maximum
Amount"). If the amount of the premiums necessary to maintain or procure such
insurance coverage exceeds the Maximum Amount, NPB shall use its reasonable
best efforts to maintain the most advantageous policies of directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance obtainable for a premium equal to the Maximum
Amount.   (D) If any claim is made against present or former directors,
officers or employees of PFI or any PFI Subsidiary who are covered
or potentially covered by insurance, neither NPBank nor NPB shall do anything
that would forfeit, jeopardize, restrict or limit the insurance coverage
available       60   for that claim until the final disposition
thereof.   (E) If NPB or any of its successors or assigns shall consolidate
with or merge into any other person and shall not be the continuing or
surviving person of such consolidation or merger or shall transfer all
or substantially all of its assets to any person, then and in each case,
proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of NPB
shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.07(c)(v).   (F)
The provisions of this Section 5.07(c)(v) are intended to be for the benefit
of and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her heirs and
representatives.   (G) NPB shall pay all expenses, including
reasonable attorneys\' fees, that may be incurred by any Indemnified Party in
enforcing the indemnity and other obligations provided for in this Section
5.07(c)(v).   (vi) Retention Bonuses. NPB shall cause the retention
bonuses described in Section 5.01(d) of this Agreement to be paid in
accordance with such Section 5.01(d).   (vii) Reorganization. Through the
Closing Date, NPB shall not take any action that would preclude the Merger
from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the
IRC.   (viii) Conduct of NPB\'s Business. Through the Closing Date, NPB
shall use its reasonable good faith efforts to preserve its
business organization intact, maintain good relationships with employees, and
preserve the good will of customers of NPB and others with whom business
relationships exist.    ARTICLE VI  ----------   CONDITIONS 
----------   6.01 Conditions to PFI\'s Obligations under this Agreement.
The obligations of PFI hereunder shall be subject to satisfaction at or prior
to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, unless waived by PFI
pursuant to Section 8.03 hereof:   (a) Corporate Proceedings. All action
required to be taken by, or on the part of, NPB and NPBank to authorize the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Bank Plan of
Merger, respectively, and the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions,
shall have been duly and validly taken by NPB and NPBank, respectively, and
PFI shall have received certified copies of the resolutions evidencing such
authorizations.     61    (b) Covenants; Representations. The
obligations of NPB and NPBank required by this Agreement to be performed by
NPB or NPBank at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been duly performed
and complied with in all material respects; and the representations and
warranties of NPB set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in
all material respects, as of the date of this Agreement, and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, except as to any
representation or warranty which specifically relates to an earlier date and
except as to any representation or warranty to the extent the breach of such
representation or warranty does not have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c)
Approvals of Regulatory Authorities. Procurement by PFI and NPB of all
requisite approvals and consents of Regulatory Authorities and the expiration
of the statutory waiting period or periods relating thereto for
the Contemplated Transactions; and no such approval or consent shall have
imposed any condition or requirement (other than conditions or requirements
previously disclosed) which would so materially and adversely impact the
economic or business benefits to PFI or NPB of the Contemplated Transactions
that, had such condition or requirement been known, such party would not, in
its reasonable judgment, have entered into this Agreement.   (d) No
Injunction. There shall not be in effect any order, decree or injunction of a
court or agency of competent jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits
consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.   (e) Officer\'s Certificate.
NPB shall have delivered to PFI a certificate, dated the Closing Date and
signed, without personal liability, by its Chairman or President, to the
effect that the conditions set forth in subsections (a) through (d) of this
Section 6.01 have been satisfied.   (f) Registration Statement. The
Registration Statement shall be effective under the Securities Act, and no
proceedings shall be pending or threatened by the SEC to suspend the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement; and all approvals deemed
necessary by NPB\'s counsel from state securities or "blue sky" authorities
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have
been obtained.   (g) Tax Opinion. PFI shall have received an opinion of
Stevens and Lee, P.C., special counsel to PFI, dated the Closing Date, to the
effect that (a) the Merger constitutes a reorganization under Section 368(a)
of the IRC, and (b) any gain realized in the Merger will be recognized only
to the extent of cash or other property (other than NPB Common Stock)
received in the Merger, including cash received in lieu of fractional share
interests; in rendering their opinion, such counsel may require and rely upon
representations and reasonable assumptions, including those contained in
certificates of officers of PFI, NPB and others.     62    (h)
Approval by PFI\'s Shareholders. This Agreement shall have been approved by
the shareholders of PFI by such vote as is required by the BCL and the
articles of incorporation and bylaws of PFI.   (i) Other Documents. PFI
shall have received such other certificates, documents or instruments from
NPB or its officers or others as PFI shall have reasonably requested in
connection with accounting or income tax treatment of the Contemplated
Transactions, or related securities law compliance.   (j) Nasdaq Listing.
The NPB Common Stock, including the NPB Common Stock to be issued in the
Merger and pursuant to the Adjusted PFI Options, shall be authorized for
quotation on Nasdaq.   (k) Rights Agreement. No event shall have occurred
which shall result in the grant, issuance or triggering of any right or
entitlement or the obligation to grant or issue any interest in NPB Common
Stock or enable or allow any right or other interest associated with the
Rights Agreement to be exercised, distributed or triggered, and no other
event shall have occurred under the Rights Agreement which would materially
adversely affect any current or future right or interest of any holders of
PFI Common Stock.   (l) Key Management Agreements. Neither NPB nor NPBank
shall have violated, or taken any action to renounce or repudiate, the Key
Management Agreements.   6.02 Conditions to NPB\'s Obligations under this
Agreement. The obligations of NPB hereunder shall be subject to satisfaction
at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, unless
waived by NPB pursuant to Section 8.03 hereof:   (a) Corporate Proceedings.
All action required to be taken by, or on the part of, PFI and Peoples Bank
to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the Bank Plan of Merger, respectively, and the consummation of the
Contemplated Transactions, shall have been duly and validly taken by PFI and
Peoples Bank, respectively, and NPB shall have received certified copies of
the resolutions evidencing such authorizations.   (b) Covenants;
Representations. The obligations of PFI and Peoples Bank required by this
Agreement to be performed by PFI and Peoples Bank at or prior to the Closing
Date shall have been duly performed and complied with in all material
respects; and the representations and warranties of PFI set forth in this
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects, as of the date
of this Agreement, and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the
Closing Date, except as to any representation or warranty which
specifically relates to an earlier date and except as to any representation
or warranty to the extent the breach of such representation or warranty does
not have a Material Adverse Effect.     63    (c) Approvals of
Regulatory Authorities. Procurement by NPB and PFI of all requisite approvals
and consents of Regulatory Authorities and the expiration of the statutory
waiting period or periods relating thereto for the Contemplated Transactions;
and no such approval or consent shall have imposed any condition or
requirement (other than conditions or requirements previously disclosed)
which would so materially and adversely impact the economic or business
benefits to NPB or PFI of the Contemplated Transactions that, had
such condition or requirement been known, such party would not, in its
reasonable judgment, have entered into this Agreement.   (d) No Injunction.
There shall not be in effect any order, decree or injunction of a court or
agency of competent jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits consummation of
the Contemplated Transactions.   (e) Officer\'s Certificate. PFI shall have
delivered to NPB a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed, without
personal liability, by its Chairman or President, to the effect that the
conditions set forth in subsections (a) through (d) of this Section 6.02 have
been satisfied.   (f) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement
shall be effective under the Securities Act, and no proceedings shall be
pending or threatened by the SEC to suspend the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement; and all approvals deemed necessary by NPB\'s counsel
from state securities or "blue sky" authorities with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained.   (g)
Tax Opinion or Letter. NPB shall have received an opinion of Ellsworth,
Carlton, Mixell and Waldman, P.C., special counsel to NPB, or a letter from
Grant Thornton LLP, NPB\'s independent certified public accountants,
dated the Closing Date, to the effect that (a) the Merger constitutes a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the IRC, and (b) any gain realized in
the Merger will be recognized only to the extent of cash or other property
(other than NPB Common Stock) received in the Merger, including cash received
in lieu of fractional share interests; in rendering their opinion, such
counsel or firm may require and rely upon representations and reasonable
assumptions, including those contained in certificates of officers of PFI,
NPB and others.   (h) Approval by PFI\'s Shareholders. This Agreement shall
have been approved by the shareholders of PFI by such vote as is required by
the BCL and the articles of incorporation and bylaws of PFI.   (i) Other
Documents. NPB shall have received such other certificates, documents or
instruments from PFI or its officers or others as NPB shall have reasonably
requested in connection with accounting or income tax treatment of the
Contemplated Transactions, or related securities law compliance.     
64    (j) Phase I Environmental Audit Results. The results of any Phase
I environmental audit conducted pursuant to Section 5.07(a)(iii) hereof shall
not result in a Material Adverse Effect on PFI; provided, however that (i)
any such environmental audit must be initiated within thirty (30) days of the
date of this Agreement and (ii) NPB must terminate or irrevocably waive its
right to terminate the Agreement for failure of the condition set forth in
this Section 6.02(j) within fifteen (15) days of receiving the results of
such environmental audit.   (k) Key Peoples Management. Each Key Peoples
Management member shall remain employed by PFI or any Peoples Subsidiary
through the Effective Date.     ARTICLE VII  -----------  
TERMINATION  -----------   7.01 Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated on or at any time prior to the Closing Date:   (a) By the mutual
written consent of the parties hereto.   (b) By NPB or PFI:   (i) If there
shall have been any breach of any representation, warranty or obligation of
the other party hereto (subject to the same standards as set forth in
Sections 6.01(b) or 6.02(b), as the case may be) and such breach cannot be,
or shall not have been, remedied within 30 days after receipt by such party
of written notice specifying the nature of such breach and requesting that it
be remedied; provided, that, if such breach cannot reasonably be cured
within such 30-day period but may reasonably be cured within 60 days, and
such cure is being diligently pursued, no such termination shall occur prior
to the expiration of such 60-day period;   (ii) If the Closing Date shall
not have occurred prior to September 30, 2004 (except that if the Closing
Date shall not have occurred by such date because of a breach of this
Agreement by a party hereto, such breaching party shall not be entitled to
terminate this Agreement in accordance with this provision);   (iii) If any
Regulatory Authority whose approval or consent is required for consummation
of the Contemplated Transactions shall issue a definitive written denial of
such approval or consent and the time period for appeals and requests for
reconsideration has run; or      65    (iv) If the PFI Shareholders
vote but fail to approve the Merger at the PFI Shareholders Meeting.   (c)
By PFI, no later than 5:00 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time on the Business Day
immediately preceding the Closing Date, if both of the following conditions
occur as of the close of business on the Determination Date:   (i) the NPB
Market Value shall be less than $26.57 per share, but not less than $24.24
per share; and   (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing the NPB Market Value
by $33.21 per share shall be less than (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing
the Average Index Price by the Index Price on the Starting Date and
subtracting 0.10 from the quotient in this clause (ii).   For purposes of
this Section 7.01(c), the following terms have the meanings indicated.  
"Index Group" means the bank holding companies listed below, the
common stocks of all of which shall be publicly traded and as to which there
shall not have been, since the Starting Date and before the Determination
Date, any public announcement of a proposal for such company to be acquired
or for such company to acquire another company or companies in transactions
with a value exceeding 25% of the acquiror\'s market capitalization. The bank
holding companies are as follows: (1) Susquehanna Bancshares, Inc.; (2)
Fulton Financial Corporation; (3) Harleysville National Corporation; (4)
Univest Corp.; (5) SandT; Bancorp; (6) First Commonwealth Financial; (7) Omega
Financial Corp.; and (8) Sterling Financial Corporation.   "Index Price" on
a given date means the average of the closing sale prices of the companies
comprising the Index Group.   "Average Index Price" means the average of the
Index Prices for the ten (10) trading days ending on the Determination
Date.   "Starting Date" means the last trading day immediately preceding
the date of the first public announcement of entry into this Agreement.  
If any company belonging to the Index Group declares or effects a
stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination,
exchange of shares, or similar transaction between the Starting Date and the
Determination Date, the prices for the common stock of such company shall be
appropriately adjusted for the purposes of applying this Section 7.01(c).  
(d) By PFI, no later than 5:00 p.m. prevailing Eastern Time on the     
66   Business Day immediately preceding the Closing Date, if the NPB Market
Value shall be less than $24.24 per share.   7.02 Effect of Termination. If
this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.01 hereof or otherwise,
this Agreement shall forthwith become void, other than Sections 5.02(c) and
8.01 hereof which shall remain in full force and effect, and there shall be
no further liability on the part of NPB or PFI to the other, except for any
liability of NPB or PFI under such sections of this Agreement and except for
any liability arising out of a willful breach of this Agreement giving rise
to such termination.    ARTICLE VIII  ------------   MISCELLANEOUS 
-------------   8.01 Expenses and Other Fees.   (a) Except as set forth in
Section 8.01(b), each party hereto shall bear and pay all costs and expenses
incurred by it in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, including
fees and expenses of its own financial consultants, accountants and
counsel.   (b) If PFI fails to complete the Merger after the occurrence of
one of the following events, and NPB shall not be in material breach of this
Agreement, PFI shall immediately pay NPB a fee of Seven Million Dollars
($7,000,000):   (i) a person or group (as those terms are defined in
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder),
other than NPB or an Affiliate of NPB:   (A) acquires beneficial ownership
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 25% or more of
the then outstanding shares of PFI Common Stock; or   (B) enters into an
agreement, letter of intent or memorandum of understanding with PFI pursuant
to which such person or group or any affiliate of such person or group
would:   (1) merge or consolidate, or enter into any similar transaction,
with PFI;   (2) acquire all or substantially all of the assets or
liabilities of PFI; or   (3) acquire beneficial ownership of      
67   securities representing, or the right to acquire beneficial ownership
or to vote securities representing, 25% or more of the then outstanding
shares of PFI Common Stock; or   (ii) PFI authorizes, recommends or
publicly proposes, or publicly announces an intention to authorize, recommend
or propose, an agreement, letter of intent or memorandum of understanding
described in subsection (b)(i)(B) above; or   (iii) the PFI shareholders
vote but fail to approve the Merger at the PFI Shareholders Meeting, or the
PFI Shareholders Meeting is cancelled, if prior to the shareholder vote or
cancellation:   (A) the PFI Board of Directors shall have withdrawn or
modified its recommendation that PFI shareholders approve this Agreement;  
(B) there has been an announcement by a person or group (as those terms are
defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder), other than NPB or an Affiliate of NPB, of an offer or proposal
to acquire 10% or more of the PFI Common Stock then outstanding, or to
acquire, merge, or consolidate with PFI, or to purchase all or substantially
all of PFI\'s assets; or   (C) any one or more directors or officers of PFI
or other persons who have signed a Letter Agreement, acting jointly or
severally, and who, individually or in the aggregate, beneficially own one
percent (1%) or more of the PFI Common Stock shall have failed to maintain
continued ownership of the shares of PFI Common Stock over which he, she or
they exercise sole or shared voting power (as identified on his, her or their
signed Letter Agreements), as required by such signed Letter Agreements;
or   (D) any director or officer of PFI or other person who has signed a
Letter Agreement shall have failed to vote at the PFI Shareholders Meeting
the shares of PFI Common Stock over which he or she exercises sole or shared
voting power (as identified on his or her signed Letter Agreement), as
required by such signed Letter Agreement.  .   8.02 Non-Survival of
Representations and Warranties; Disclosure Schedules. All representations,
warranties and, except to the extent specifically provided otherwise herein,
agreements and covenants shall terminate on the Closing Date. Without
limiting the foregoing, Sections 1.02(d), 2.07, 2.08, and 5.07(c)(i), (ii),
(iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) shall survive the Closing.   8.03 Amendment,
Extension and Waiver. Subject to applicable law, at any time prior to the
Closing Date, the parties may:   (a) amend this Agreement;     
68    (b) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations
or other acts of either party hereto;   (c) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto; or   (d) to the extent permitted by law, waive compliance
with any of the agreements or conditions contained in Articles V and VI
hereof or otherwise.   This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed, by authorized officers, on behalf of the
parties hereto. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any extension
or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed
by a duly authorized officer on behalf of such party, but such waiver or
failure to insist on strict compliance with such obligation, covenant,
agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with
respect to, any subsequent or other failure.   8.04 Entire Agreement.  
(a) This Agreement, including the documents referred to herein or delivered
pursuant hereto, contains the entire agreement and understanding of the
parties with respect to its subject matter. This Agreement supersedes
all prior arrangements and understandings between the parties, both written
and oral, with respect to its subject matter other than the
Confidentiality Agreement.   (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the parties hereto and its successors; provided,
however, that nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to
confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto and their respective
successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities, and provided,
further, that the Peoples Bank Board Members may enforce the provisions of
Sections 1.02(d), 2.07, 2.08, 5.07(c)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi),
and any Indemnified Party may enforce Section 5.07(c)(v).   8.05 No
Assignment. Neither party hereto may assign any of its rights or obligations
hereunder to any other person, without the prior written consent of the other
party hereto.   8.06 Notices. All notices or other communications hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given upon delivery if delivered
personally, two business days after mailing if mailed by prepaid registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, or upon confirmation of good
transmission if sent by telecopy, addressed as follows:   (a) If to NPB or
NPBank, to:      69    National Penn Bancshares, Inc.  National Penn
Bank  Philadelphia and Reading Avenues  P.O. Box 547  Boyertown,
Pennsylvania 19512-0547   Attention: Wayne R. Weidner, Chairman and CEO 
Glenn E. Moyer, President   Telecopy No.: 610-369-6349   with a copy
to:   H. Anderson Ellsworth, Esquire  Jay W. Waldman, Esquire  Ellsworth,
Carlton, Mixell and Waldman, P.C.  1105 Berkshire Boulevard  Suite 320 
Wyomissing, Pennsylvania 19610   Telecopy No.: 610-371-9510   (b) If to
PFI, to:   Peoples First Inc.  24 South Third Street  P O Box 500 
Oxford, Pennsylvania 19363   Attention: George C. Mason, Chairman  Hugh J.
Garchinsky, President and CEO   Telecopy No.:   with a copy to:   David
W. Swartz, Esquire  Stevens and Lee, P.C.  111 North Sixth Street  P.O. Box
679  Reading, Pennsylvania 19603-0679   Telecopy No.:
610-376-5610      70    8.07 Disclosure Schedules. Information
contained on either the PFI Disclosure Schedule or the NPB Disclosure
Schedule shall be deemed to cover the express disclosure requirement
contained in a representation or warranty of this Agreement and any other
representation or warranty of this Agreement of such party where it is
readily apparent it applies to such provision. The mere inclusion of an item
in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty
shall not be deemed an admission by a party that such item represents a
material exception or fact, event or circumstance or that such item is or
could result in a Material Adverse Effect.   8.08 Tax Disclosure.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, each party
hereto (and each employee, representative or other agent of any party) may
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the federal
income tax treatment and federal income tax structure of any and all
transaction(s) contemplated herein and all materials of any kind (including
opinions or other tax analyses) that are or have been provided to any party
(or to any employee, representative, or other agent of any party) relating to
such tax treatment or tax structure; provided, however, that
this authorization of disclosure shall not apply to restrictions reasonably
necessary to comply with securities laws. This authorization of disclosure is
not effective until the earlier of (i) the date of the public announcement
of discussions relating to the Contemplated Transactions, (ii) the date of
the public announcement of the Contemplated Transactions, or (iii) the date
of execution of an agreement (with or without conditions) to enter into
the Contemplated Transactions.   8.09 Captions. The captions contained in
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of this
Agreement.   8.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an
original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but
one agreement.   8.11 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or
the application thereof to any person or circumstance shall be invalid
or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement and the
application of such provisions to other persons or circumstances shall not be
affected thereby and shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by
law.   8.12 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the domestic internal law of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, except to the extent the National Bank Act is applicable by
its terms.     71    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the day and
year first above written.   NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.   (Corporate
Seal) By: /s/ Wayne R. Weidner  ----------------------------  Wayne R.
Weidner  Chairman and CEO    Attest: /s/ Sandra L. Spayd 
----------------------------  Sandra L. Spayd  Secretary    PEOPLES
FIRST, INC.   (Corporate Seal) By: /s/ George C. Mason 
----------------------------  George C. Mason  Chairman    By: /s/ Hugh
J. Garchinsky  ----------------------------  Hugh J. Garchinsky  President
and CEO    Attest: /s/ Carl R. Fretz  ----------------------------  Carl
R. Fretz  Vice Chairman and  Secretary     72     '

