 EXHIBIT 2.1    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER   BY AND AMONG   MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION   INDIANA MERGER
CORPORATION   AND   INNOVEDA, INC.   DATED AS OF APRIL 23, 2002    
TABLE OF CONTENTS    Page  ----  ~~  ARTICLE 1 THE
OFFER.....................................................................
2   Section 1.1 The
Offer.......................................................... 2  Section
1.2 Actions in Connection With the Offer............................... 3 
Section 1.3
Directors..........................................................
4  ARTICLE 2 THE
MERGER....................................................................
5   Section 2.1 The
Merger......................................................... 5  Section
2.2 Effective Time..................................................... 5 
Section 2.3 Effect of the
Merger............................................... 5  Section 2.4
Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws............................... 6 
Section 2.5 Directors and
Officers............................................. 6  Section 2.6
Conversion of Securities........................................... 6 
Section 2.7 Intentionally
Omitted.............................................. 6  Section 2.8
Stockholders\' Meeting.............................................. 6 
Section 2.9 Merger Without Meeting of
Stockholders............................. 7  Section 2.10 Dissenting
Shares.................................................. 7  Section 2.11
Payment for Shares................................................. 8 
Section 2.12 Top-Up
Option...................................................... 9  ARTICLE 3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.................................
9   Section 3.1 Organization and Qualification;
Subsidiaries....................... 10  Section 3.2 Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws............................ 10  Section 3.3
Capitalization..................................................... 10 
Section 3.4
Authority.......................................................... 11 
Section 3.5 No Conflict; Required Filings and
Consents......................... 12  Section 3.6 Permits; Compliance With
Law....................................... 13  Section 3.7 SEC Filings;
Financial Statements.................................. 13  Section 3.8
Disclosure Documents............................................... 14 
Section 3.9 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events............................... 15  Section 3.10 Employee Benefit
Plans............................................. 15  Section 3.11 Labor and
Other Employment Matters................................. 17  Section 3.12
Contracts.......................................................... 18 
Section 3.13
Litigation......................................................... 19 
Section 3.14 Environmental
Matters.............................................. 19  Section 3.15
Intellectual Property.............................................. 20 
Section 3.16
Taxes.............................................................. 22 
Section 3.17
Insurance.......................................................... 24 
Section 3.18 Opinion of Financial
Advisor....................................... 24  Section 3.19
Brokers............................................................ 24 
Section 3.20 Vote
Required...................................................... 25  Section
3.21 Customers and Suppliers; Backlog................................... 25 
Section 3.22 Restrictions on Business
Activities................................ 25  Section 3.23 Affiliate
Transactions............................................. 25    i    ~~
  Section 3.24 Accounts
Receivable................................................ 25  Section 3.25
Distributors.......................................................
26  ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND THE
PURCHASER.................... 26   Section 4.1 Organization and
Qualification; Capitalization of the Purchaser.... 26  Section 4.2
Authority.......................................................... 26 
Section 4.3 No Conflict; Required Filings and
Consents......................... 27  Section 4.4
Litigation......................................................... 27 
Section 4.5 Disclosure
Documents............................................... 27  Section 4.6 No
Prior Activities................................................ 28  Section
4.7 Financing.......................................................... 28 
Section 4.8
Brokers............................................................
28  ARTICLE 5
COVENANTS.....................................................................
29   Section 5.1 Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the
Closing............. 29  Section 5.2
Cooperation........................................................ 31 
Section 5.3 Access to Information;
Confidentiality............................. 32  Section 5.4 No Solicitation
of Transactions.................................... 32  Section 5.5
Appropriate Action; Consents; Filings.............................. 33 
Section 5.6 Certain
Notices.................................................... 35  Section 5.7
Public Announcements............................................... 35 
Section 5.8 Employee Benefit Matters; Stock
Options............................ 35  Section 5.9 Indemnification of
Directors and Officers.......................... 37  Section 5.10 Parent
Agreement Concerning the Purchaser; Parent Guaranty......... 37  Section 5.11
FIRPTA Certificate.................................................
37  ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE
MERGER...................................... 38   Section 6.1 Conditions to
Obligations of Each Party............................ 38  ARTICLE 7
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.............................................
38   Section 7.1
Termination........................................................ 38 
Section 7.2 Effect of
Termination.............................................. 39  Section 7.3
Amendment.......................................................... 41 
Section 7.4
Waiver.............................................................
41  ARTICLE 8 GENERAL
PROVISIONS............................................................ 41  
Section 8.1 Non-Survival of Representations and
Warranties..................... 41  Section 8.2 Fees and
Expenses.................................................. 41  Section 8.3
Notices............................................................ 41 
Section 8.4 Certain
Definitions................................................ 42  Section 8.5
Terms Defined Elsewhere............................................ 47 
Section 8.6
Headings........................................................... 50 
Section 8.7
Severability....................................................... 50 
Section 8.8 Entire
Agreement................................................... 50  Section 8.9
Assignment......................................................... 50   
ii    ~~   Section 8.10 Parties in
Interest................................................ 50  Section 8.11
Mutual Drafting.................................................... 51 
Section 8.12 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Trial by
Jury.... 51  Section 8.13
Counterparts....................................................... 52   
iii   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of April 23, 2002 (this
"Agreement"), is by and among Mentor Graphics Corporation, an
Oregon corporation ("Parent"), Indiana Merger Corporation, a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Purchaser"), and
Innoveda, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").   WHEREAS, the
respective Boards of Directors of Parent, the Purchaser and the Company have
approved the acquisition of the Company by Parent on the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement;   WHEREAS, pursuant to this
Agreement the Purchaser has agreed to commence a tender offer (the "Offer")
to purchase all of the common stock, par value $0.01 share, of the Company
(the "Shares"), at a price per Share of $3.95 net to the seller in cash, or
any higher price actually paid by the Purchaser to purchase Shares pursuant
to the Offer (such price to constitute the "Offer Price");   WHEREAS, the
Board of Directors of the Company (the "Company Board") has, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein, (i) approved the Offer and (ii)
adopted this Agreement and hereby recommends that the Company\'s stockholders
accept the Offer, tender their Shares to the Purchaser and approve this
Agreement;   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent,
the Purchaser and the Company have approved the merger of the Purchaser with
and into the Company with the Company as the surviving corporation, as set
forth below (the "Merger"), in accordance with the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (the "DGCL") and upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby each issued and outstanding
Share not owned directly or indirectly by Parent, the Purchaser or the
Company will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price in
cash;   WHEREAS, as a condition to and inducement to Parent\'s and
the Purchaser\'s willingness to enter into this Agreement, simultaneously
with the execution of this Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company are
entering into tender and stockholder support agreements with Parent and the
Purchaser (the "Support Agreements") and certain stockholders of the Company
are entering into non-competition agreements with Parent, the Purchaser and
the Company (the "Non-Competition Agreements"); and   WHEREAS, Parent, the
Purchaser and the Company desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Offer and the Merger and also
to prescribe various conditions to the Offer and the Merger;   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this
Agreement and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree
as follows:   ARTICLE 1   THE OFFER   Section 1.1 The Offer.   Section
1.1.1 Provided that this Agreement shall not have been terminated in
accordance with Article 7 hereof and none of the events set forth in Annex I
hereto (the "Tender Offer Conditions") shall have occurred, Parent shall
cause the Purchaser to (A) commence (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "Exchange Act")) as promptly
as practicable (and in any event within five business days after the date of
this Agreement), an offer to purchase all outstanding Shares at the Offer
Price, (B) after affording the Company a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment thereon, file a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO and all other
necessary documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"),
make all deliveries, mailings and telephonic notices required by Rule 14d-3
under the Exchange Act, and publish, send or give the disclosure required by
Rule 14d-6 under the Exchange Act by complying with the dissemination
requirements of Rule 14d-4 under the Exchange Act in each case in connection
with the Offer (collectively, together with any amendments or supplements
thereto, the "Offer Documents") and (C) use reasonable efforts to consummate
the Offer, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. Each of Parent and
the Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, agrees
promptly to correct any information provided by it for use in the Offer
Documents if and to the extent that it shall have become false or misleading
in any material respect, and the Purchaser further agrees to take all steps
necessary to cause the Offer Documents as so corrected to be filed with the
SEC and to be disseminated to stockholders of the Company, in each case as
and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. The
obligation of the Purchaser to accept for payment or pay for any Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer will be subject only to the satisfaction of
the Tender Offer Conditions.   Section 1.1.2 Without the prior written
consent of the Company, the Purchaser shall not decrease the Offer Price or
change the form of consideration payable in the Offer, decrease the number of
Shares sought to be purchased in the Offer, waive the Minimum Condition,
impose additional conditions to the Offer or amend any other term of the
Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of Shares. The Offer shall remain
open until the date that is 20 business days (as such term is defined in Rule
14d-1(g)(3) under the Exchange Act) after the commencement of the Offer (the
"Expiration Date"), unless the Purchaser shall have extended the period of
time for which the Offer is open pursuant to, and in accordance with, the
terms of this Agreement or as may be required by applicable law, in which
event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date as the
Offer, as so extended, may expire. If, at any Expiration Date, any of the
Tender Offer Conditions are not satisfied or waived by the Purchaser, the
Purchaser may, but shall not be required to, extend the Offer; provided,
however, if the Offer shall not have been consummated at the Expiration Date
due to the failure to satisfy the condition to the Offer relating to the
expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act or under any applicable
foreign antitrust statutes or regulations, Parent will, at the request of the
Company, cause the Purchaser to extend the Expiration Date for one or more
periods (not in excess of ten business days each) but in no event later than
December 23, 2002. Subject to the terms of the Offer and this Agreement and
the satisfaction of all the Tender Offer Conditions as of any   
2  Expiration Date, the Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all
Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as
soon as practicable after such Expiration Date. The Purchaser may, but shall
not be required to, provide a subsequent offering period after the Expiration
Date, in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.   Section 1.2
Actions in Connection With the Offer.   Section 1.2.1 The Company shall,
after affording Parent a reasonable opportunity to review and comment
thereon, file with the SEC and mail to the holders of Shares, as promptly as
practicable on the date of the filing by Parent and the Purchaser of the
Offer Documents, a Solicitation/ Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9
(together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the "Schedule 14D-9")
reflecting the recommendation of the Company Board that holders of Shares
tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer and shall disseminate the Schedule
14D-9 as required by Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act; provided,
however, that such recommendation and approval may be withdrawn, modified or
amended to the extent provided for by Section 5.4.3. The Schedule 14D-9 will
set forth, and the Company hereby represents, that the Company Board, at a
meeting duly called and held at which a quorum was present throughout, has
(A) determined by unanimous vote of all of its directors in attendance that
each of the transactions contemplated hereby, including each of the Offer and
the Merger, is fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders, (B) approved the Offer and adopted this Agreement in accordance
with the DGCL, (C) recommended acceptance of the Offer and approval of this
Agreement by the Company\'s stockholders (if such approval is required
by applicable law), and (D) taken all other action necessary to render
the restrictions on business combinations contained in Section 203 of the
DGCL inapplicable to the Offer, the Merger and the Ancillary Agreements;
provided, however, that such recommendation and approval may be withdrawn,
modified or amended solely to the extent permitted by Section 5.4.3. In
addition, the Schedule 14D-9 will set forth, and the Company further
represents, that, prior to the execution hereof, Robertson Stephens, Inc.
(the "Company Financial Advisor") has delivered to the Company Board its
written opinion that, as of the date of such opinion, based upon and subject
to the assumptions, conditions and qualifications set forth therein, the cash
consideration to be received by the holders of Shares pursuant to the Offer
and the Merger is fair to the holders of Shares from a financial point of
view. Subject to Section 5.4.3, the Company hereby consents to the inclusion
in the Offer Documents of the recommendations of the Company Board described
in this Section 1.2.1 and the terms of the opinion of the Company Financial
Advisor. Each of the Company, on the one hand, and Parent and the Purchaser,
on the other hand, agrees promptly to correct any information provided by it
for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that it shall have become
false or misleading in any material respect, and the Company further agrees
to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be
filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to the stockholders of the Company,
in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities
laws. Parent and the Purchaser shall provide the Company and its counsel with
a copy of any written comments or telephonic notification of any oral
comments that Parent, the Purchaser or their counsel may receive from the SEC
or its staff with respect to the Offer promptly after the receipt thereof,
shall consult with the Company and its counsel prior to responding to any
such comments, and shall provide the Company and its counsel with a copy of
any written responses thereto and telephonic notification of any oral
responses thereto of Parent, the Purchaser or their counsel. The
Company shall provide Parent, the Purchaser and their   3  counsel with a
copy of any written comments or telephonic notification of any oral comments
that the Company or its counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with
respect to the Offer promptly after receipt thereof, shall consult with
Parent, the Purchaser and their counsel prior to responding to any
such comments, and shall provide Parent, the Purchaser and their counsel with
a copy of any written responses thereto and telephonic notification of any
oral responses thereto of the Company or its counsel.   Section 1.2.2 The
Company will promptly, and from time to time as requested by the Purchaser,
furnish the Purchaser with mailing labels, security position listings, any
available non-objecting beneficial owner lists and any available listing or
computer list containing the names and addresses of the record holders of the
Shares as of the most recent practicable date and shall furnish the Purchaser
with such additional available information (including, but not limited to,
updated lists of holders of Shares and their addresses, mailing labels and
lists of security positions and non-objecting beneficial owner lists) and
such other assistance as the Purchaser or its agents may reasonably request
in communicating to the Company\'s record and beneficial stockholders.  
Section 1.3 Directors.   Section 1.3.1 Subject to compliance with applicable
law, promptly upon the payment by the Purchaser for Shares pursuant to the
Offer representing at least such number of Shares as shall satisfy the
Minimum Condition, and from time to time thereafter, Parent shall be entitled
to designate such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number,
on the Company Board as is equal to the product of the total number of
directors on the Company Board (determined after giving effect to the
directors elected pursuant to this sentence) multiplied by the percentage
that the aggregate number of Shares beneficially owned by Parent or any of
its affiliates bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding, and the
Company shall, upon request of Parent, promptly take all actions necessary to
cause Parent\'s designees to be so elected, including, if necessary, seeking
the resignations of one or more existing directors; provided, however, that
prior to the Effective Time, the Company Board shall always have at least two
Continuing Directors.   Section 1.3.2 The Company\'s obligations to appoint
Parent\'s designees to the Company Board shall be subject to Section 14(f) of
the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 thereunder. The Company shall promptly take
all actions required pursuant to such Section and Rule in order to fulfill
its obligations under this Section 1.3 and shall include in the Schedule
14D-9 such information with respect to the Company and its officers and
directors as is required under such Section and Rule in order to fulfill its
obligations under this Section 1.3. Parent will supply to the Company any
information with respect to itself, the Purchaser, their respective officers,
directors and affiliates and proposed designees to the Company Board required
by such Section and Rule, and the Company shall include such information in
the Schedule 14D-9.   Section 1.3.3 Following the election or appointment
of Parent\'s designees to the Company Board pursuant to this Section 1.3 and
prior to the Effective Time, any Adverse Matter (as defined below) shall
require, in addition to any other affirmative votes required under the DGCL,
the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the entire Company Board,
which majority shall include the concurrence of a majority of the Continuing
Directors;    4  provided, however, that if the foregoing provisions of
this subsection are invalid or incapable of being enforced under applicable
law, then neither Parent nor the Purchaser shall approve (either in its
capacity as a stockholder or as a party to this Agreement, as applicable),
and Parent and the Purchaser shall use their reasonable efforts to prevent
the occurrence of, such action unless such actions shall have received the
unanimous approval of the entire Company Board. For purposes of this Section
1.3.3, an "Adverse Matter" shall mean any amendment or termination of this
Agreement by the Company, any extension by the Company of the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of Parent or the
Purchaser hereunder, or any waiver of any condition to the
Company\'s obligations hereunder or any of the Company\'s rights hereunder,
if such amendment, termination, extension or waiver would be reasonably
likely to have an adverse effect on the stockholders of the Company other
than the Purchaser or its affiliates. For purposes of this Section 1.3, the
term "Continuing Directors" shall mean any directors of the Company then
serving, if any, who are directors as of the date hereof. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 1.3, the parties hereto shall use their respective
reasonable best efforts to ensure that at least two of the members of the
Company Board shall, at all times prior to the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 2.2 hereof), be Continuing Directors, provided that, if there shall
be in office fewer than two Continuing Directors for any reason, the parties
shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause the Company Board to cause
the person designated by the remaining Continuing Director to fill such
vacancy, which person shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director for all
purposes of this Agreement. If no Continuing Directors then remain, the other
directors of the Company then in office shall designate two persons to fill
such vacancies who will not be directors, officers, employees or affiliates
of Parent or the Purchaser, and such persons shall be deemed to be Continuing
Directors for all purposes of this Agreement. The Company Board shall not
delegate any Adverse Matter to any committee of the Company Board unless such
committee consists only of Continuing Directors.   ARTICLE 2   THE
MERGER   Section 2.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance
with the DGCL, the Purchaser shall be merged with and into the Company. As a
result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser shall
cease, and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation of the
Merger (the "Surviving Corporation").   Section 2.2 Effective Time. As soon
as practicable after the satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver of the
conditions set forth in Sections 6.1.1 and 6.1.2, but subject to Sections
6.1.3 and 6.1.4, the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated
by filing a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, in such form as required by, and
executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of, the DGCL (the date
and time of such filing, or if another date and time is specified in such
filing, such specified date and time, being the "Effective Time").  
Section 2.3 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the
Merger shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, at the Effective Time, except as
otherwise provided herein, all the property, rights, privileges, powers
and franchises of the Company and the Purchaser shall vest   5  in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company
and the Purchaser shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of
the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.4 Certificate of Incorporation;
Bylaws. At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation and the
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended in their entirety to
read as set forth in Exhibits A and B hereto.   Section 2.5 Directors and
Officers. The directors of the Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to
hold office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of
the Surviving Corporation. The officers of the Company immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving
Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.6
Conversion of Securities. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the Purchaser, the Company or the holders
of any of the following securities:   Section 2.6.1 Conversion Generally.
Each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(other than (i) any Shares held by Parent, the Purchaser, any wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent or the Purchaser, in the treasury of the Company or by
any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, which Shares, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, shall be
cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist with no payment being made
with respect thereto and (ii) Dissenting Shares), shall be converted into the
right to receive the Offer Price (or any higher price actually paid by Parent
or the Purchaser to purchase Shares in the Offer) (the "Merger
Consideration"), payable to the holder thereof, without interest thereon,
upon surrender of the certificate formerly representing such Shares.  
Section 2.6.2 Purchaser Common Stock. Each share of common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, of the Purchaser (the "Purchaser Common Stock") issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
and become one newly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share
of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.7 Intentionally
Omitted.   Section 2.8 Stockholders\' Meeting.   Section 2.8.1 If required
by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger, the Company shall (A)
call and hold a special meeting of its stockholders (the "Company
Stockholders\' Meeting") as promptly as practicable following the later of
the Expiration Date or the expiration of any subsequent offering period as
permitted by Section 1.1.2, or upon the request of Parent, for the purpose of
considering and taking action upon the Merger and this Agreement; (B) prepare
and file with the SEC a preliminary proxy statement relating to this
Agreement, and use its reasonable efforts (1) to obtain and furnish the
information required to be included by the SEC in the Proxy Statement (as
defined below) and, after   6  consultation with Parent, to respond
promptly to any comments made by the SEC with respect to the preliminary
proxy statement and cause a definitive proxy statement (as the same may be
supplemented or amended from time to time, the "Proxy Statement") to be
mailed to its stockholders and (2) to obtain the necessary approvals of the
Merger and this Agreement by its stockholders; and (C) subject to Section
5.4.3, include in the Proxy Statement the recommendation of the Company Board
that stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the approval of the Merger
and this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
Company agrees that its obligations pursuant to the first sentence of this
Section 2.8.1 shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal,
public disclosure or communication to the Company of an Acquisition Proposal
or a Superior Proposal or any withdrawal or modification of the approval or
recommendation by the Company Board or any committee thereof of the Offer and
the Merger and the adoption and approval of this Agreement. In addition, the
Company shall prepare and file with the SEC any Other Filings as and when
required or requested by the SEC. The Company, after consultation
with Parent, will use all reasonable efforts to respond to any comments made
by the SEC with respect to any Other Filings. Each of the Company, on the one
hand, and Parent and the Purchaser, on the other hand, agree promptly to
correct any information provided by either of them for use in the Proxy
Statement if and to the extent that it shall have become false or misleading,
and the Company further agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Proxy
Statement as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to
the holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by
applicable federal securities laws.   Section 2.8.2 Parent and the
Purchaser shall not, and they shall cause their direct and indirect
subsidiaries not to, sell, transfer, assign, encumber or otherwise dispose of
the Shares beneficially owned by Parent or the Purchaser, as of the date of
this Agreement, or acquired pursuant to the Offer or otherwise prior to the
meeting of the Company\'s stockholders, if any is required, pursuant to which
the Shares are voted with respect to the Merger; provided, however, that this
Section 2.8.2 shall not apply to the sale, transfer, assignment, encumbrance
or other disposition of any or all of such Shares in transactions involving
solely Parent, the Purchaser and/or one or more of their direct or indirect
subsidiaries or following the Company\'s receipt of any Superior Proposal.
Parent agrees that it will vote, or cause to be voted, all of the Shares then
owned by it, the Purchaser or any Parent Subsidiary in favor of the approval
of the Merger and this Agreement.   Section 2.9 Merger Without Meeting of
Stockholders. Notwithstanding Section 2.8, in the event that Parent, the
Purchaser and the Parent Subsidiaries shall acquire and then hold at least
90% of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, the parties
hereto agree to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger
to become effective as soon as practicable after the acceptance for payment
of and payment for Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer without a
meeting of stockholders of the Company, in accordance with Section 253 of the
DGCL.   Section 2.10 Dissenting Shares. Notwithstanding Section 2.6.1,
Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by a
holder who has not voted in favor of the Merger or consented thereto in
writing and who has demanded appraisal for such Shares in accordance with the
DGCL ("Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into a right to receive the
Merger Consideration, unless such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or
otherwise    7  loses such holder\'s right to appraisal. If after the
Effective Time such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or loses his right
to appraisal, such Shares shall be treated as if it had been converted as of
the Effective Time into a right to receive the Merger Consideration. The
Company shall give Parent prompt notice of any demands received by the
Company for appraisal of Shares, and Parent shall have the right to
participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands.
The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Parent, make
any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any
such demands.   Section 2.11 Payment for Shares.   Section 2.11.1 From
and after the Effective Time, such bank or trust company as shall be
designated by Parent and reasonably acceptable to the Company shall act as
paying agent (the "Paying Agent") in effecting the payment of the Merger
Consideration in respect of certificates (the "Certificates") that, prior to
the Effective Time, represented Shares entitled to payment of the Merger
Consideration pursuant to Section 2.6.1. Promptly following the
Effective Time, Parent or the Purchaser shall deposit, or cause to be
deposited, with the Paying Agent the aggregate Merger Consideration to which
holders of Shares shall be entitled at the Effective Time pursuant to Section
2.6.1.   Section 2.11.2 Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent
shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each record holder of Certificates
that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented Shares a form of
letter of transmittal which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,
and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper
delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent, and instructions for use in
surrendering such Certificates and receiving the Merger Consideration in
respect thereof. Upon the surrender of each such Certificate, the Paying
Agent shall pay the holder of such Certificate the Merger Consideration
multiplied by the number of Shares formerly represented by such Certificate,
in consideration therefor, and such Certificate shall forthwith be cancelled.
Until so surrendered, each such Certificate (other than Certificates
representing Shares held by Parent or the Purchaser, any wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent or the Purchaser, in the treasury of the Company or by
any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company or Dissenting Shares) shall
represent solely the right to receive the aggregate Merger Consideration
relating thereto. No interest or dividends shall be paid or accrue on the
Merger Consideration. If the Merger Consideration (or any portion thereof) is
to be delivered to any person other than the person in whose name the
Certificate formerly representing Shares surrendered therefor is
registered, it shall be a condition to such right to receive such Merger
Consideration that the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed
or otherwise be in proper form for transfer as reasonably determined by the
Purchaser and that the person surrendering such Shares shall pay to the
Paying Agent any transfer or other similar taxes required by reason of the
payment of the Merger Consideration to a person other than the registered
holder of the Certificate surrendered, or shall establish to the satisfaction
of the Paying Agent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.  
Section 2.11.3 If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the
posting by such person of a bond, in such reasonable amount as Parent may
direct, as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with
respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent will pay to the holder of such
lost,   8  stolen or destroyed Certificate the aggregate Merger
Consideration relating thereto, without any interest thereon.   Section
2.11.4 Promptly following the date which is 270 days after the Effective
Time, the Paying Agent shall deliver to the Surviving Corporation all cash,
Certificates and other documents in its possession relating to the
transactions described in this Agreement, and the Paying Agent\'s duties
shall terminate. Thereafter, each holder of a Certificate
formerly representing a Share may surrender such Certificate to the Surviving
Corporation and (subject to applicable abandoned property, escheat and
similar Laws) receive in consideration therefor the aggregate Merger
Consideration relating thereto, without any interest thereon. None of Parent,
the Company or the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to any holder of
Shares for any cash delivered to a public official pursuant to any abandoned
property, escheat or similar Law.   Section 2.11.5 After the Effective Time,
there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving
Corporation of any Shares which were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates formerly
representing Shares are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Paying
Agent, they shall be surrendered and cancelled in return for the payment of
the aggregate Merger Consideration relating thereto, as provided in this
Article 2.   Section 2.12 Top-Up Option.   Section 2.12.1 The Company
hereby irrevocably grants to the Purchaser an irrevocable option (the "Top-Up
Option"), such Top-Up Option to be exercisable only on or after the
Expiration Date, to purchase that number of Shares (the "Top-Up Option
Shares") equal to the lowest number of Shares that, when added to the number
of Shares owned by the Purchaser at the time of such exercise, shall
constitute one share more than 90% of the Shares then outstanding (assuming
the issuance of the Top-Up Option Shares and the exercise of all outstanding
exercisable options to purchase Shares with an exercise price less than the
Offer Price) at a price per share equal to the Offer Price; provided,
however, that the Top-Up Option shall not be exercisable unless immediately
after such exercise the Purchaser would own more than 90% of the Shares then
outstanding.   Section 2.12.2 The Purchaser may exercise the Top-Up
Option, in whole but not in part, at any one time after the occurrence for a
Top-Up Exercise Event (as defined below) and prior to the Effective Time.  
Section 2.12.3 For purposes of this Agreement, a "Top-Up Exercise Event"
shall occur only upon the Purchaser\'s acceptance for payment pursuant to the
Offer of Shares or acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Support Agreements
constituting at least 85% of the Shares then outstanding.   ARTICLE 3  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   The Company hereby
represents and warrants to Parent and the Purchaser that the statements
contained in this Article 3 are true and correct, except as expressly set
forth herein or   9  in the disclosure schedule delivered by Company to
Parent and the Purchaser on or before the date of this Agreement (the
"Company Disclosure Schedule"). The Company Disclosure Schedule shall be
arranged in sections corresponding to the numbered sections contained in this
Article 3 and the disclosure in any section of the Company Disclosure
Schedule shall qualify (1) the corresponding section in this Article 3 and
(2) the other sections in this Article 3 to the extent that (a) a reasonable
person would determine that the disclosure contained in such section of the
Company Disclosure Schedule could qualify such other sections in this Article
3 and (b) the Company and its representatives have used their respective
reasonable best efforts to include all relevant disclosure in each applicable
section of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   Section 3.1 Organization and
Qualification; Subsidiaries. The Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware. Each subsidiary of the Company (each a "Company Subsidiary" and,
collectively, the "Company Subsidiaries") has been duly organized, and is
validly existing and in good standing, under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation or organization, as the case may be. Each of the Company
and each Company Subsidiary has the requisite power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted. Each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary is
duly qualified or licensed to do business, and is in good standing, in
each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned, leased or
operated by it or the nature of its business makes such qualification,
licensing or good standing necessary, except for such failures to be so
qualified, licensed or in good standing that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Exhibit 21 to the Company Form 10-K sets forth a true and complete
list of all of the Company Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 3.1
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary holds an Equity Interest in any other person.   Section 3.2
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. The copies of the Company\'s
Certificate of Incorporation (the "Company Certificate") and Bylaws (the
"Company Bylaws") that are listed as exhibits to the Company Form 10-K
are complete and correct copies thereof as in effect on the date hereof. The
Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of the Company
Certificate or the Company Bylaws. True and complete copies of all minute
books of the Company for the period commencing April 1, 2000 have been made
available by the Company to Parent.   Section 3.3 Capitalization. The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Company Common Stock"), and
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Company
Preferred Stock"). As of the close of business on the business day
immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, (A) 40,086,376 shares of
Company Common Stock (other than treasury shares) were issued and
outstanding, all of which were validly issued and fully paid
and nonassessable and free of preemptive rights under the DGCL, the
Company Certificate, the Company Bylaws or any agreement to which the Company
is a party, (B) 550,606 shares of Company Common Stock were held in the
treasury of the Company or by any Company Subsidiary, (C) 8,933,746 shares of
Company Common Stock were issuable (and such number was reserved for
issuance) upon exercise of Company Options outstanding as of such date, and
(D) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding. Except
for Company Options to purchase not more than 8,933,746 shares of Company
Common Stock, there are no    10  options, warrants or other rights,
agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character to which the Company
or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is bound relating to the issued or unissued capital stock or other
Equity Interests of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for such capital stock or other Equity
Interests, or obligating the Company or any Company Subsidiary to issue or
sell any shares of capital stock or other Equity Interests, or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for such capital stock of, or other Equity
Interests in, the Company or any Company Subsidiary. The Company has no stock
appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other similar rights
outstanding. The Company has previously provided Parent with a true
and complete list, as of the close of business on the business day
immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, of the prices at which
outstanding Company Options may be exercised under the applicable Company
Stock Option Plans, the number of Company Options outstanding at each such
price and the vesting schedule of the Company Options for each executive
officer and key employee of the Company. All shares of Company Common Stock
subject to issuance under the Company Stock Option Plans, upon issuance prior
to the Effective Time on the terms and conditions specified in the
instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights under
the DGCL, the Company Certificate, the Company Bylaws or any agreement to
which the Company is a party. There are no outstanding contractual
obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary (A) restricting the
transfer of, (B) affecting the voting rights of, (C) requiring the
repurchase, redemption or disposition of, or containing any right of
first refusal with respect to, (D) requiring the registration for sale of, or
(E) granting any preemptive or antidilutive right with respect to, any shares
of Company Common Stock or any capital stock of, or other Equity Interests
in, the Company or any Company Subsidiary. Each outstanding share of capital
stock of each Company Subsidiary is owned, beneficially and of record, by the
Company or another Company Subsidiary free and clear of all security
interests, liens, claims, pledges, options, rights of first refusal,
limitations on the Company\'s or any Company Subsidiary\'s voting rights,
charges and other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever. There are no
outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
to provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in, any Company Subsidiary or any other person,
other than guarantees by the Company of any indebtedness or other obligations
of a wholly-owned Company Subsidiary.   Section 3.4 Authority.   Section
3.4.1 The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a
party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement
to be consummated by the Company. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the
Company and no stockholder votes are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
any Ancillary Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby other than, with respect to the Merger, as provided in Section
2.8. This Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which the Company is a
party have been duly authorized and validly executed and delivered by the  
11  Company and constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective
terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors\' rights and by general principles of equity that
restrict the availability of equitable remedies.   Section 3.4.2 The
Company has taken all appropriate actions so that the restrictions on
business combinations contained in Section 203 of the DGCL will not apply
with respect to or as a result of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the Offer and
the Merger, without any further action on the part of the stockholders or the
Company Board. No other state takeover statute or similar statute or
regulation applies to or purports to apply to this Agreement, the Offer, the
Merger or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement. True and complete copies of all Company Board
resolutions reflecting such actions have been previously provided to
Parent.   Section 3.5 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.  
Section 3.5.1 The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary
Agreement to which it is a party by the Company does not, and the performance
of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party by the
Company will not, (A) assuming, the stockholder approval set forth in Section
2.8.1 is obtained, conflict with or violate any provision of the Company
Certificate or Company Bylaws or any equivalent organizational documents of
any Company Subsidiary, (B) assuming that all consents,
approvals, authorizations and permits described in Section 3.5.2 have been
obtained and all filings and notifications described in Section 3.5.2 have
been made and any waiting periods thereunder have terminated or expired,
conflict with or violate any material Law applicable to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is bound or affected or (C) require any consent or
approval under, result in any breach of or any loss of any benefit under, or
constitute a change of control or default (or an event which with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any
right of termination, vesting, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or
result in the creation of a lien or other encumbrance on any property or
asset of the Company or any Company Subsidiary pursuant to any Company
Material Contract.   Section 3.5.2 The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party by the Company
do not, and the performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to
which it is a party by the Company will not, require any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any
Governmental Entity or any other person, except (A) under the Exchange Act,
Securities Act, any applicable Blue Sky Law, the rules and regulations of the
Exchange, the HSR Act, foreign or supranational antitrust and competition
laws and the filing and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required
by the DGCL and (B) where failure to obtain such consents, approvals,
authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or notifications to a
person other than a Governmental Entity, would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to (1) prevent or materially delay
consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (2) otherwise prevent    12  or
materially delay performance by the Company of any of its
material obligations under this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements or (3)
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.6 Permits; Compliance
With Law. Each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary is in possession of
all authorizations, licenses, permits, certificates, approvals and clearances
of any Governmental Entity necessary for the Company and each Company
Subsidiary, as the case may be, to own, lease and operate its properties or
to carry on their respective businesses substantially in the manner described
in the Company SEC Filings filed prior to the date hereof and substantially
as it is being conducted as of the date hereof (the "Company Permits"), and
all such Company Permits are valid, and in full force and effect, except
where the failure to have, or the suspension or cancellation of, or failure
to be valid or in full force and effect of, any of the Company Permits would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to (A) prevent
or materially delay consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (B) otherwise
prevent or materially delay performance by the Company of any of its material
obligations under this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements or (C) have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is in material conflict with, or in material default or
violation of, (1) any Law applicable to the Company or any Company Subsidiary
or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is
bound or affected or (2) any Company Permits.   Section 3.7 SEC Filings;
Financial Statements.   Section 3.7.1 The Company has timely filed all
registration statements, prospectuses, forms, reports, definitive proxy
statements, schedules and documents required to be filed by it under the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, since December 31,
1999 (the "Company SEC Filings"). Each Company SEC Filing (A) as of its date,
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (B) did not, at the time it was
filed (or in the case of a registration statement, at the time it became
effective), contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement, no Company
Subsidiary is subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act.   Section 3.7.2 Each of the consolidated financial
statements (including, in each case, any notes thereto), other than pro forma
financial statements, contained in the Company SEC Filings (A) was prepared
in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
indicated (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and, in the case
of unaudited quarterly financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q under
the Exchange Act), and (B) each presented fairly the consolidated financial
position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and the
consolidated Company Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and for
the respective periods indicated therein (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal year-end adjustments which did not and would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect). The books and records of the Company and each
Company Subsidiary have been, and are being, maintained in all material
respects in accordance with applicable legal and
accounting requirements.    13   Section 3.7.3 Except as and to the
extent set forth on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the
consolidated Company Subsidiaries as of December 29, 2001 included in the
Company\'s Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2001, including the
notes thereto (the "Company Form 10-K"), none of the Company or any
consolidated Company Subsidiary has any liabilities or obligations of a
nature required under GAAP to be set forth on a balance sheet (whether
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), except for liabilities or
obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business since December 29,
2001 that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to (A) prevent or materially delay consummation of the Offer or the Merger,
(B) otherwise prevent or materially delay performance by the Company of any
of its material obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement or (C) have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.7.4
The Company has previously provided to Parent a complete and correct copy of
any amendment or modification which has not yet been filed with the SEC to
any agreement, document or other instrument which previously had been filed
by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act; provided, that, such amendment or modification is required to be filed
with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.   Section
3.8 Disclosure Documents   Section 3.8.1 The Schedule 14D-9 and the Proxy
Statement, and any amendments or supplements thereto, when and if filed by
the Company with the SEC, or when and if distributed or otherwise
disseminated to the Company\'s stockholders, as applicable, will comply as to
form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
Exchange Act.   Section 3.8.2 (A) The Proxy Statement, as supplemented
or amended, if any, at the time such Proxy Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto is first mailed to stockholders of the Company and at the
time such stockholders vote on adoption of this Agreement, and (B) the
Schedule 14D-9 or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the time of the
filing and at the time of any distribution or dissemination thereof to the
Company\'s stockholders, in each case, will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties
contained in this Section 3.8.2 will not apply to statements or omissions
included in the Schedule 14D-9 or the Proxy Statement (if any), each as
supplemented or amended, based upon information furnished to the Company by
Parent or the Purchaser specifically for use therein.   Section 3.8.3 The
information with respect to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
that the Company furnishes to Parent specifically for use in the Offer
Documents, at the time of the filing thereof, at the time of any distribution
or dissemination thereof to the Company\'s stockholders and at the time of
the consummation of the Offer, will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.    14   Section 3.9 Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. Since December 29, 2001, except as specifically
contemplated by, or as disclosed in, this Agreement, the Company and each
Company Subsidiary have conducted their businesses in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice and, since such date, there has not been (A)
any Company Material Adverse Effect or any event or development that would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, (B) any event or development that would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to prevent
or materially delay the performance of this Agreement or the Ancillary
Agreements by the Company or (C) any action taken by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary during the period from January 1, 2002 through the date of
this Agreement that, if taken during the period from the date of this
Agreement through the Effective Time, would constitute a breach of Section
5.1.   Section 3.10 Employee Benefit Plans.   Section 3.10.1 Section
3.10.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list
of each "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and any other
plan, policy, program, practice, agreement, understanding or arrangement
(whether written or oral) providing compensation or other benefits to any
current or former director, officer, employee or consultant (or to any
dependent or beneficiary thereof) of the Company which are maintained,
sponsored or contributed to by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or under
which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any obligation or liability,
whether actual or contingent, including, without limitation, all incentive,
bonus, deferred compensation, vacation, holiday, cafeteria,
medical, disability, stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation,
phantom stock, restricted stock or other stock-based compensation plans,
policies, programs, practices or arrangements (each a "Company Benefit
Plan"). None of the Company, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other
person or entity, has any express or implied commitment, whether legally
enforceable or not, to modify, change or terminate any Company Benefit Plan,
other than with respect to a modification, change or termination required by
ERISA or the Code.   With respect to each Company Benefit Plan, the Company
has delivered to Parent true, correct and complete copies of (A) each Company
Benefit Plan (or, if not written a written summary of its material terms),
including without limitation all plan documents, trust agreements, insurance
contracts or other funding vehicles and all amendments thereto, (B) all
summaries and summary plan descriptions, including any summary of material
modifications (C) the most recent annual reports (Form 5500 series) filed
with the IRS with respect to such Company Benefit Plan and (D) the most
recent determination or opinion letter, if any, issued by the IRS with
respect to any Company Benefit Plan.   Section 3.10.2 Each Company Benefit
Plan has been administered in all material respects in accordance with its
terms and all applicable Law, including ERISA and the Code, and contributions
required to be made under the terms of any of the Company Benefit Plans as of
the date of this Agreement have been timely made or, if not yet due, have
been properly reflected to the extent required by GAAP on the most recent
consolidated balance sheet filed or incorporated by reference in the Company
SEC Filings prior to the date of this Agreement. With respect to the Company
Benefit Plans, no event has occurred and, to the knowledge of the Company,
there exists no condition or set of circumstances in connection with  
15  which the Company could be subject to any material liability (other than
for routine benefit liabilities) under the terms of, or with respect to,
such Company Benefit Plans, ERISA, the Code or any other applicable Law.  
Section 3.10.3 (A) each Company Benefit Plan which is intended to qualify
under Section 401(a), Section 401(k), Section 401(m) or Section 4975(e)(6) of
the Code has either received a favorable determination letter from the IRS as
to its qualified status or the remedial amendment period for such Company
Benefit Plan has not yet expired, and each trust established in connection
with any Company Benefit Plan which is intended to be exempt from federal
income taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code is so exempt, and to the
Company\'s knowledge no fact or event has occurred that could reasonably
be expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any such Company
Benefit Plan or the exempt status of any such trust; (B) to the Company\'s
knowledge there has been no prohibited transaction (within the meaning of
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and other than a transaction
that is exempt under a statutory or administrative exemption) with respect to
any Company Benefit Plan that could result in material liability to the
Company; (C) no suit, administrative proceeding, action or other litigation
has been brought, or to the knowledge of the Company is threatened, against
or with respect to any such Company Benefit Plan, including any audit or
inquiry by the IRS or United States Department of Labor (other than routine
benefits claims) which could reasonably be expected to result in material
liability to the Company or any Company Benefit Plan; (D) no Company Benefit
Plan is a multiemployer pension plan (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA)
("Multiemployer Plan") or other pension plan subject to Title IV of ERISA and
neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has sponsored or contributed to
or been required to contribute to a Multiemployer Plan or other pension plan
subject to Title IV of ERISA; (E) no material liability under Title IV of
ERISA has been incurred by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate that has not
been satisfied in full, and no condition exists that presents a material risk
to the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of incurring or being subject (whether
primarily, jointly or secondarily) to a material liability thereunder; (F)
neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has any material liability under
ERISA Section 502; (G) all tax, annual reporting and other governmental
filings required by ERISA and the Code with respect to any Company Benefit
Plan have been timely filed with the appropriate Governmental Entity and all
notices and disclosures have been timely provided to participants; (H) all
contributions and payments to such Company Benefit Plan are deductible under
Code sections 162 or 404; and (I) no material excise tax could be imposed
upon the Company under Chapter 43 of the Code.   Section 3.10.4 Except as
required by Law, no Company Benefit Plan provides medical or life benefits
following termination of employment. The Company and each ERISA Affiliate are
in material compliance with (i) the requirements of the applicable health
care continuation and notice provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and the regulations (including
proposed regulations) thereunder and any similar state law and (ii) the
applicable requirements of the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, and the regulations (including
the proposed regulations) thereunder.   Section 3.10.5 With respect to
employee benefit plans, programs, and other arrangements providing incentive
compensation or other benefits similar to those provided under any Company
Benefit Plan to any employee or former employee or dependent thereof,  
16  which plan, program or arrangement is subject to the laws of any
jurisdiction outside of the United States ("Foreign Plans"): (A) the Foreign
Plans have been maintained in all material respects in accordance with all
applicable requirements and all applicable Laws, (B) if intended to qualify
for special tax treatment, the Foreign Plans meet all requirements for such
treatment, (C) if intended to be funded and/or book-reserved the Foreign
Plans are fully funded and/or book reserved, as appropriate, based upon
reasonable actuarial assumptions, and (D) no material liability exists or
reasonably could be imposed upon the assets of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary by reason of such Foreign Plans.   Section 3.11 Labor and Other
Employment Matters.   Section 3.11.1 Each of the Company and each Company
Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws
respecting labor, employment, fair employment practices, terms and conditions
of employment, workers\' compensation, occupational safety, plant closings,
and wages and hours. None of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is liable
for any payment to any trust or other fund or to any Governmental Entity,
with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other
benefits or obligations for employees (other than routine payments to be made
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice). None
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party to any collective
bargaining or other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary, and no collective bargaining agreement
or other labor union contract is being negotiated by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary. There is no labor dispute, strike, slowdown or work
stoppage against the Company or any Company Subsidiary pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened that would reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect. No labor union or similar
organization has otherwise been certified to represent any persons employed
by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or to the Company\'s knowledge has
applied to represent such employees or is attempting to organize so as to
represent such employees. There is no charge or complaint against the Company
or any Company Subsidiary by the National Labor Relations Board or
any comparable state or foreign agency pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened, except where such charge or complaint would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is
materially delinquent in payments to any of its employees for any wages,
salaries, commissions, bonuses or other direct compensation for any services
performed for it. To the Company\'s knowledge, there are no material
controversies pending or threatened, between the Company or any Company
Subsidiary and any of their current or former employees, which controversies
have or could reasonably be expected to result in action, suit, proceeding,
claim, arbitration or investigation before any Governmental Entity. To the
Company\'s knowledge, no employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is
in any material respect in violation of any term of any employment contract,
non-disclosure agreement, non-competition agreement or any restrictive
covenant to a former employer relating to the right of any such employee to
be employed by the Company or such Company Subsidiary because of the nature
of the business conducted or presently proposed by the Company to
be conducted by it or to the use of trade secrets or proprietary information
of others. To the Company\'s knowledge, no executive officer or key employee
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has given notice that such executive
officer or key employee intends to terminate his or her employment with the
Company or such Company Subsidiary.    17   Section 3.11.2 The Company
has identified in Section 3.11.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and has
made available to Parent true and complete copies of (A) all severance and
employment agreements with directors, executive officers and key employees of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary, (B) all generally applicable severance
programs and policies of each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary with
or relating to its employees and (C) all plans, programs, agreements and
other arrangements of the Company and each Company Subsidiary with or
relating to its directors, officers, employees or key consultants which
contain provisions increasing or accelerating compensation or vesting of
benefits in connection with a change of control of the Company. None of the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will
(either alone or in conjunction with any other event, such as termination of
employment) (A) result in any payment (including, without limitation,
severance, unemployment compensation, parachute or otherwise) becoming due to
any director or any employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or
affiliate from the Company or any Company Subsidiary or affiliate under any
Company Benefit Plan or otherwise, (B) significantly increase any benefits
otherwise payable under any Company Benefit Plan or (C) result in any
acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any material benefits.  
Section 3.11.3 There are no pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge,
threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the ordinary course),
lawsuits or arbitrations which have been asserted or instituted against any
Company Benefit Plan, any fiduciaries thereof with respect to their duties to
such Company Benefit Plans or the assets of any of the trusts under
any Company Benefit Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in
any material liability of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, the Department of Treasury, the
Department of Labor or any Multiemployer Plan.   Section 3.12 Contracts.
The term "Company Material Contract" shall mean any agreement to which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party and which, as of the date
hereof: (1) is a "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC); (2) requires aggregate expenditures
in excess of $250,000; (3) requires annual expenditures in excess of $150,000
and is not cancelable within one year; (4) contains any non-compete or
exclusivity obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary with
respect to any material line of business or material geographic area with
respect to the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or which materially
restricts the conduct of any material line of business by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary; (5) grants to any person or entity any exclusive rights
or licenses relating to the Intellectual Property of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary; or (6) would prohibit or materially delay the
consummation of the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements. Each Company
Material Contract is set forth in Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or is filed as an exhibit to the Company Form 10-K and is valid and
binding on the Company and each Company Subsidiary party thereto and, to the
Company\'s knowledge, each other party thereto, as applicable, and in full
force and effect. Except for any such breaches or defaults that would not
reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, (1) prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (2) otherwise
prevent or materially delay performance by the Company of any of its
obligations under this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements or (3) result in
a Company Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of the Company
Subsidiaries is in breach of or default under,   18  and there are no
facts which with notice or the passage of time would cause the Company to be
in breach or default under, or, to the Company\'s knowledge, give rise to any
right of termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration of other
parties under, whether as a result of the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements, or
otherwise, any Company Material Contract.   Section 3.13 Litigation. Except
as and to the extent set forth in Company SEC Filings filed prior to the date
of this Agreement, (A) there is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company
or any Company Subsidiary or for which the Company or any Company Subsidiary
is obligated to indemnify a third party that (1) has had or would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect or (2) challenges the validity or propriety, or seeks
to prevent or materially delay consummation of, the Offer, the Merger or any
other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements
and (B) none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is subject to any
outstanding order, writ, injunction, decree or arbitration ruling, award or
other finding which has had or would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to (1) prevent or materially delay consummation of the
Offer or the Merger, (2) otherwise prevent or materially delay performance by
the Company of its material obligations under this Agreement or the Ancillary
Agreements or (3) result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section
3.14 Environmental Matters. Except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect:   Section 3.14.1 Each of the Company and each Company
Subsidiary is in compliance with all, and is not subject to any liability
with respect to any, applicable Environmental Laws, holds or has applied for
all Environmental Permits necessary to conduct their current operations and
is in compliance with their respective Environmental Permits.   Section
3.14.2 None of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has received any written
notice, demand, letter, claim or request for information alleging that the
Company or any Company Subsidiary may be in violation of, or liable under,
any Environmental Law.   Section 3.14.3 None of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary (A) has entered into or agreed to any consent decree or order or
is subject to any judgment, decree or judicial order relating to compliance
with Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits or the investigation,
sampling, monitoring, treatment, remediation, removal or cleanup of Hazardous
Materials and, to the knowledge of the Company, no investigation, litigation
or other proceeding is pending or threatened in writing with respect thereto,
or (B) is an indemnitor in connection with any liability under any
Environmental Law or relating to any Hazardous Materials.   Section 3.14.4
To the knowledge of the Company, none of the real property owned or leased by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary is listed or proposed for listing on
the "National Priorities List" under the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended as of the date
hereof ("CERCLA"), as   19  updated through the date hereof, or any
similar state or foreign list of sites requiring investigation or
cleanup.   Section 3.15 Intellectual Property. Section 3.15.1 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all
United States and foreign (a) Patents and pending Patent applications, (b)
Trademark registrations, Trademark applications, and material unregistered
Trademarks, and (c) Copyright registrations and Copyright applications. For
purposes of this Section 3.15, references to the Company shall include the
Company Subsidiaries.   Section 3.15.2 (A) all trademark registrations and
pending trademark applications of the Company are currently in compliance
with all legal requirements, other than any requirement that, if not
satisfied, would not result in a cancellation of any such registration or
otherwise affect the use, priority or enforceability of the Trademark in
question, (B) no registered Trademark of the Company has been or is now
involved in any opposition or cancellation proceeding in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, (C) to the Company\'s knowledge the Company is
the owner of all right, title and interest in and to all of the Trademarks
used in the Company\'s business, in each case free and clear of any and all
encumbrances, covenants, conditions and restrictions or other adverse claims
or interests of any kind or nature, and the Company has not received any
written notice or claim or to its knowledge, any oral notice or claim,
challenging the Company\'s complete and exclusive ownership of the Trademarks
or suggesting that any other person has any claim of legal or beneficial
ownership with respect thereto, and (D) there is no agreement, decree,
arbitral award or other provision or contingency which obligates the Company
to grant licenses in future Trademarks owned by the Company.   Section
3.15.3 All Patents of Company are currently in compliance with legal
requirements (including payment of filing, examination, and maintenance fees
and proofs of working or use) other than any requirement that, if not
satisfied, would not result in a revocation or lapse or otherwise affect the
enforceability of the Patent in question. Company is the owner of all right,
title and interest in and to all of the Patents, in each case free and clear
of any and all encumbrances, covenants, conditions and restrictions or other
adverse claims or interests of any kind or nature, and Company has
not received any written notice or claim (or to the knowledge of the Company,
oral notice or claim), challenging the Company\'s complete and exclusive
ownership of the Patents or suggesting that any other person has any claim of
legal or beneficial ownership with respect thereto. There is no agreement,
decree, arbitral award or other provision or contingency which obligates
Company to grant licenses in future Patents.   Section 3.15.4 The Company
is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to each of the
Copyrights covering materials used by the Company other than those as to
which the rights being exercised by the Company have been licensed from
another person (collectively, "Company Owned Copyrights"), free and clear of
any and all encumbrances, covenants, conditions and restrictions or other
adverse claims or interests of any kind or nature, and the Company has not
received any written notice or claim (or, to the knowledge of the Company,
any oral notice or claim) challenging the Company\'s complete and exclusive
ownership of the Copyrights or suggesting that any other person has any claim
of legal or beneficial ownership with respect thereto.    20   Section
3.15.5 The Company has not received any written notice or claim (or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any oral notice or claim) challenging or
questioning the validity or enforceability of any of the Company Owned
Copyrights or indicating an intention on the part of any person to bring
a claim that any Company Owned Copyright is invalid, is unenforceable or has
been misused and, to the Company\'s knowledge, no Company Owned Copyright
otherwise has been challenged or threatened in any way.   Section 3.15.6
The Company has not taken any action or, to the Company\'s knowledge, failed
to take any action, or used or enforced or failed to use or enforce any of
the Company Owned Copyrights, in each case in a manner that would result in
the unenforceability of any of the Company Owned Copyrights. To the knowledge
of the Company, no other person has infringed or is infringing in any
material respect any of the Company Owned Copyrights.   Section 3.15.7 The
Company has not granted to any person any right, license or permission to
exercise any rights under any of the Company Owned Copyrights other than non-
exclusive licenses granted in the ordinary course of business to
customers.   Section 3.15.8 The Company has taken all reasonable steps
in accordance with normal industry practice to protect its rights in Trade
Secrets. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
enforces a policy of requiring each relevant employee, consultant and
contractor to execute proprietary information, confidentiality and assignment
agreements substantially in the Company\'s standard forms that assign to the
Company all rights to any Intellectual Property relating to the Company\'s
business that are developed by the employees, consultants or contractors, as
applicable, and, except under nondisclosure or confidentiality agreements, or
in connection with the release or distribution of products, to the knowledge
of the Company there has been no disclosure by the Company of its
confidential information or Trade Secrets at such time as the Company
generally treated such information as confidential or proprietary.  
Section 3.15.9 Section 3.15.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
complete and accurate list of: (a) all license agreements granting to the
Company any right to use or practice any rights under any Intellectual
Property (other than software commercially available to any person for a
license fee of no more than Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) (collectively, the
"Company Inbound License Agreements"), indicating for each the title and
the parties thereto, and (b) all current forms of standard license agreements
used by the Company in the ordinary course of business under which the
Company grants licenses of Software or grants other rights in or to use or
practice any rights under any Intellectual Property (collectively, the
"Company Outbound License Agreements"). There is no outstanding or, to the
Company\'s knowledge, threatened dispute or disagreement with respect to any
Company Inbound License Agreement or any Company Outbound License Agreement
that would reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. True,
correct and complete executed copies of all Company Inbound License
Agreements and material Company Outbound License Agreements have been made
available to the Purchaser.   Section 3.15.10 The Company owns or possesses
adequate licenses or other rights to use, free and clear of encumbrances
(except in the case of licenses, the interests   21  of the licensing
party), orders, arbitration awards and contingent licenses arising from
termination provisions (or other causes) in agreements between the Company
and any other person all of its Intellectual Property. The
Intellectual Property, together with Trade Secrets, Company Owned Copyrights
and the Company\'s unregistered Copyrights and the Company\'s rights granted
to it under the Company Inbound License Agreements, constitute all the
Intellectual Property rights and Company Inbound License Agreements used in
the operation of the Company\'s businesses as currently conducted and are all
such Intellectual Property rights and Company Inbound License Agreements
necessary to operate such business after the Effective Time in substantially
the same manner as such businesses have been operated by the Company during
the six months prior to the Effective Time.   Section 3.15.11 (a) No
Intellectual Property that is owned by the Company is subject to any
outstanding order, judgment, decree, stipulation or agreement restricting the
use thereof by the Company or, in the case of Intellectual Property licensed
by the Company to others, restricting the sale, transfer, assignment or
licensing thereof by the Company to any person, and (b) to the knowledge of
the Company, no third party is misappropriating, infringing, diluting or
violating any Intellectual Property owned or exclusively licensed to the
Company, and no claims for any of the foregoing have been brought against any
third party by the Company.   Section 3.15.12 The Software owned or
purported to be owned by the Company was: (i) developed by employees of the
Company within the scope of their employment; (ii) developed by independent
contractors who have assigned their Intellectual Property rights to the
Company pursuant to written agreements; or (iii) otherwise acquired by the
Company from a third party who assigned all Intellectual Property rights in
the Software to the Company. The Company currently is not experiencing an
abnormal level (as compared to industry standard levels) of bugs, viruses or
programming errors in any of its Software. None of the Software is, in whole
or in part, subject to the provisions of any open source or quasi-open source
license agreement. The Company has made no submission or suggestion and is
not subject to any agreement with standards bodies or other entities which
would obligate the Company to grant licenses to or otherwise impair its
control of its Intellectual Property.   Section 3.16 Taxes.   Section
3.16.1 Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has timely filed all
Tax Returns with the appropriate taxing authority required to be filed
through the date hereof, taking into account any extensions of time within
which to file such Tax Returns. All such Tax Returns were complete and
correct, subject to such exceptions as would not be reasonably likely to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.
All Taxes that are shown as due on such filed Tax Returns have been paid, and
the unpaid Taxes of the Company and each Company Subsidiary (whether or not
shown as being due on any Tax Returns) does not exceed the reserve for Tax
Liability (excluding any reserve for deferred Taxes established to
reflect timing differences between book and Tax income) set forth on the face
of the Company\'s most recent consolidated balance sheet contained in their
financial statements (rather than in any notes thereto) filed with the SEC as
of the date hereof, subject to such exceptions as would not be reasonably
likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is the  
22  beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Tax
Return. No material claim has ever been made by an authority in a
jurisdiction where the Company or a Company Subsidiary does not file Tax
Returns that the Company or a Company Subsidiary, respectively, is or may be
subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.   Section 3.16.2 No deficiencies
for Taxes of the Company or any Company Subsidiary have been claimed,
proposed or assessed by any taxing or other Governmental Entity. There are no
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Company Subsidiary,
threatened audits, assessments or other administrative or court proceedings
with regard to any Taxes or Tax Returns of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, and none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has received a
written notice or announcement of any audits or proceedings, subject to such
exceptions as would not be reasonably likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Audits of federal, state and
local Tax Returns by the relevant taxing authorities with respect to the
Company or any Company Subsidiary have been completed for the periods set
forth on Schedule 3.16.2 and, except as set forth in such Schedule, none of
the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any predecessor to any such entity has
been notified that any taxing or other governmental authority intends to
audit a Tax Return for any other period. The Company has delivered or made
available to Parent complete and accurate copies of federal, state and local
Tax Returns of each of the Company, the Company Subsidiaries and their
predecessors for the years ended September 30, 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001, and
complete and accurate copies of all examination reports and statements
of deficiencies assessed against or agreed to by the Company, any
Company Subsidiary or any predecessor to any such entity since December 31,
1997. No requests for waivers of time to assess any Taxes are pending and
none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has waived any statute of
limitations with respect to Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with
respect to any Tax assessment or deficiency for any open tax year.  
Section 3.16.3 There are no Tax liens upon any property or assets of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary, except liens for current Taxes not yet due
and payable and liens for Taxes that are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings, subject to such exceptions as would not
be reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.16.4 Each of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries has withheld and paid all Taxes required to have been
withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
independent contractor, creditor, stockholder, or other third party, subject
to such exceptions as would not be reasonably likely to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.16.5 None
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is responsible for the Taxes of any
other person (other than Taxes of the Company or a Company Subsidiary) (i)
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of
state, local, or foreign law), (ii) as a transferee or successor, (iii) by
contract, or (iv) otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to give rise
to a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.16.6 None of the Company
or any Company Subsidiary has (i) filed a consent pursuant to Section 341(f)
of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of the   23  Code apply
to any disposition of any asset owned by it; (ii) agreed, or is required, to
make any adjustment under Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in
accounting method or otherwise; (iii) made an election, or is required, to
treat any asset as owned by another person pursuant to the provisions of
Section 168(f) of the Code or as tax-exempt bond financed property or tax-
exempt use property within the meaning of Section 168 of the Code;
(iv) acquired or owns any assets that directly or indirectly secure any debt
the interest on which is tax exempt under Section 103(a) of the Code; (v)
made or will make a consent dividend election under Section 565 of the Code;
or (vi) made any of the foregoing elections or is required to apply any of
the foregoing rules under any comparable state or local Tax provision.  
Section 3.16.7 The Company has not been a United States real property holding
corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the
applicable period described in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.  
Section 3.16.8 (i) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is party to
any Tax-sharing agreements or similar arrangements (including indemnity
arrangements) with respect to or involving the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or the assets of any such entity; and (ii) after the Closing Date,
none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or the assets of any such
entity shall be bound by any such Tax-sharing agreements or
similar arrangements or have any liability thereunder for amounts due in
respect of periods prior to the Closing Date.   Section 3.16.9 Except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, none of the interest payable by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary under outstanding indebtedness is nondeductible
under Code Section 163 or is treated as interest on corporate acquisition
indebtedness under Code Section 279.   Section 3.16.10 None of the Company
or any Company Subsidiary is a party to any contract, plan, or arrangement
under which it is obligated to make or to provide, or could become obligated
to make or to provide, a payment or benefit that would not be deductible as a
result of application of Section 280G of the Code.   Section 3.17
Insurance. The Company maintains insurance coverage with reputable insurers,
or maintains self-insurance practices, in such amounts and covering such
risks as are in accordance with normal industry practice for companies
engaged in businesses similar to that of the Company (taking into account the
cost and availability of such insurance).   Section 3.18 Opinion of
Financial Advisor. The Company Financial Advisor has delivered to the Company
Board its written opinion that, as of the date of such opinion, based upon
and subject to the assumptions, conditions and qualifications noted therein,
the consideration to be received by the holders of Shares pursuant to the
Offer and the Merger is fair to the holders of Shares from a financial point
of view.   Section 3.19 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker
(other than the Company Financial Advisor) is entitled to any brokerage,
finder\'s or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Offer,
the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by   24  this Agreement
or any Ancillary Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary. The Company has previously provided
Parent with a true and complete copy of each agreement between the Company
and the Company Financial Advisor pursuant to which such firm would
be entitled to any payment in connection with the Offer, the Merger or any
other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement.   Section 3.20 Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Shares is the only vote, if any, of the
holders of any class or series of capital stock or other Equity Interests of
the Company necessary to approve the Merger and this Agreement.   Section
3.21 Customers and Suppliers; Backlog. As of the date of this Agreement, none
of the Company\'s customers which individually accounted for more than five
percent (5%) of the Company\'s gross revenues during 2001 has terminated or
indicated in writing, or to the knowledge of the Company, otherwise to the
Company that it intends to terminate or materially reduce, any agreement with
the Company. As of the date of this Agreement, no material supplier of the
Company has indicated in writing, or to the knowledge of the Company,
otherwise that it will stop supplying materials, products or services to the
Company. All material orders contained in backlog have been accepted by the
Company and the customer, and, to its knowledge, the Company has received
no notice that any such customer intends to cancel any such material
order.   Section 3.22 Restrictions on Business Activities. There is
no agreement, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company
or any Company Subsidiary which has or reasonably could be expected to have,
whether before or after consummation of the Offer or the Merger, the effect
of prohibiting or materially impairing any material current business practice
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or the conduct by the Company or
any Company Subsidiary of its business in all material respects as
currently conducted or as currently proposed by the Company to be
conducted.   Section 3.23 Affiliate Transactions. Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Filings filed prior to the date of this Agreement, there are no
material contracts, commitments, agreements, arrangements or other
transactions required to be so disclosed between the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any (i) executive officer or director of the
Company or any of their immediate family members, (ii) record or beneficial
owner to the extent known by the Company of ten percent or more of the voting
securities of the Company or (iii) affiliate (to the extent known by the
Company) of any such executive officer, director, family member or beneficial
owner, on the other hand.   Section 3.24 Accounts Receivable. All of the
accounts and notes receivable of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries set
forth on the books and records of the Company (net of the applicable reserves
reflected on the books and records of the Company and in the financial
statements included in the Company SEC Filings) (i) represent sales actually
made or transactions actually effected in the ordinary course of business for
goods or services delivered or rendered to unaffiliated customers in bona
fide arm\'s length transactions and (ii) constitute valid claims of the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries.    25  Section 3.25 Distributors.
Section 3.25 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
complete list of the material distributors of the Company\'s products and, to
the Company\'s knowledge, the amount of inventory of the Company\'s products
held by each such distributor, and with respect to certain distributors,
additional information. Each such distributor has no right of return other
than warranty rights with respect to such inventory.   ARTICLE 4  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND THE PURCHASER   Except as set
forth in the Disclosure Schedule delivered by Parent and the Purchaser to the
Company prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Parent Disclosure
Schedule"), which shall identify exceptions by specific Section references,
Parent and the Purchaser hereby represent and warrant to the Company as
follows:   Section 4.1 Organization and Qualification; Capitalization of
the Purchaser. Each of Parent and the Purchaser is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state
of its incorporation, and has the requisite power and authority to own, lease
and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted. Each of Parent and the Purchaser is duly qualified or
licensed to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where
the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
of its business makes such qualification, licensing or good standing
necessary, except for such failures to be so qualified, licensed or in good
standing that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The authorized capital
stock of the Purchaser consists of 100 shares of Purchaser Common Stock,
$0.0001 par value, of which 100 shares are outstanding. All of the issued and
outstanding shares of Purchaser Common Stock are validly issued, fully paid
and non assessable and are owned, beneficially and of record, by Parent, free
and clear of all security interests, liens, claims, pledges, options, rights
of first refusal, agreements, limitations on Parent\'s voting rights, charges
and other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.   Section 4.2 Authority.
Each of Parent and the Purchaser has all necessary corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the each Ancillary
Agreement to which it is party, to perform its obligations hereunder and
thereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and each Ancillary Agreement to be consummated by it. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a
party by each of Parent and the Purchaser, as applicable, and
the consummation by each of Parent and the Purchaser of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action (including approval by Parent as
the sole stockholder of the Purchaser), and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of Parent or the Purchaser are necessary to authorize this Agreement
or any such Ancillary Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement
to which Parent or the Purchaser is a party have been duly authorized and
validly executed and delivered by Parent and the Purchaser, as applicable,
and constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and the
Purchaser, enforceable against Parent and the Purchaser in accordance with
their respective terms.    26   Section 4.3 No Conflict; Required Filings
and Consents.   Section 4.3.1 The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and each Ancillary Agreement to which Parent or the Purchaser is a party do
not, and the performance hereof and thereof by Parent and the Purchaser will
not (A) conflict with or violate any provision of the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of Parent or the Purchaser, (B) (assuming that all
consents, approvals, authorizations and permits described in Section 4.3.2
have been obtained and all filings and notifications described in Section
4.3.2 have been made and any waiting periods thereunder have terminated or
expired) conflict with or violate any material Law applicable to Parent or
the Purchaser or any other subsidiary of Parent (each a "Parent Subsidiary"
and, collectively, the "Parent Subsidiaries") or by which any property or
asset of Parent, the Purchaser or any Parent Subsidiary is bound or affected
or (C) require any consent or approval under, result in any breach of, any
loss of any benefit under or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to
others any right of termination, vesting, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or other encumbrance on
any property or asset of Parent, the Purchaser or any Parent Subsidiary
pursuant to, any material note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, other instrument or
obligation.   Section 4.3.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and each Ancillary Agreement to which Parent or the Purchaser is a party do
not, and the performance hereof and thereof by Parent and the Purchaser will
not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing
with or notification to, any Governmental Entity or any other person, except
(A) under the Exchange Act, Securities Act, any applicable Blue Sky Law, the
rules and regulations of the Exchange, the HSR Act, foreign or supranational
antitrust and competition laws, and the filing and recordation of the
Certificate of Merger as required by the DGCL and (B) where failure to obtain
such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings
or notifications, would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to (1) prevent or materially delay consummation of the Offer or the
Merger or (2) otherwise prevent or materially delay performance by Parent or
the Purchaser of any of their material obligations under this Agreement or
the Ancillary Agreements.   Section 4.4 Litigation. As of the date hereof,
(A) there is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the
knowledge of Parent, threatened against Parent or the Purchaser and (B)
neither Parent nor the Purchaser is subject to any outstanding order, writ,
judgment, injunction or decree or arbitration ruling, award or other finding
of any Governmental Entity which, in the case of (A) or (B), (1) challenges
the validity or propriety, or seeks to prevent the consummation of, the
Offer, the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or
the Ancillary Agreements or (2) would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay Parent\'s or the
Purchaser\'s ability to consummate the Offer or the Merger.   Section 4.5
Disclosure Documents.   Section 4.5.1 The information with respect to Parent
and the Purchaser that Parent or the Purchaser furnishes to the Company
specifically for use in the Schedule 14D-9, the Proxy Statement (if any) will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  
27  state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading (A) in the case of the Proxy Statement, as supplemented or
amended, if any, at the time such Proxy Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto is first mailed to stockholders of the Company and at the
time such stockholders vote on adoption of this Agreement, and (B) in the
case of the Schedule 14D-9 and any Other Filings, or any supplement or
amendment thereto, at the time of the filing thereof and at the time of any
distribution or dissemination thereof.   Section 4.5.2 The Offer Documents,
when filed, distributed or disseminated, as applicable, will comply as to
form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
Exchange Act and, at the time of the filing thereof, at the time of any
distribution or dissemination thereof and at the time of consummation of the
Offer, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
representations and warranties contained in this Section 4.5.2 will not apply
to statements or omissions included in the Offer Documents based upon
information furnished to Parent or the Purchaser by the Company specifically
for use therein.   Section 4.6 No Prior Activities. The Purchaser has not
incurred, directly or indirectly, any liabilities or obligations, except
those incurred in connection with its incorporation or with the negotiation
of this Agreement, each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party, the
performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Purchaser has not
engaged, directly or indirectly, in any business or activity of any type or
kind, or entered into any agreement or arrangement with any person or entity,
and is not subject to or bound by any obligation or undertaking, that is not
contemplated by or in connection with this Agreement, each Ancillary
Agreement to which it is a party, the Offer Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.   Section 4.7 Financing. Parent and the
Purchaser will have sufficient cash on hand and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, at such time or times as such funds are required, to the Purchaser
or, as the case may be, the Surviving Corporation, sufficient funds to pay
the aggregate Offer Price for Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer and the
aggregate Merger Consideration for Shares converted in the Merger and to pay
all of its fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. Parent and the Purchaser have, as of the date of this
Agreement, available funds or binding commitments for the funds described in
the preceding sentence.   Section 4.8 Brokers. No broker, finder or
investment banker (other than Needham and Company, Inc., Parent\'s financial
advisor) is entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other similar fee or
commission in connection with the Offer or the Merger based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary.    28   ARTICLE
5   COVENANTS   Section 5.1 Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the
Closing. The Company agrees that, between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time, except as set forth in Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or as specifically permitted by any other provision of this
Agreement, unless Parent shall otherwise agree in writing: the Company will,
and will cause each Company Subsidiary to, (A) conduct its operations only in
the ordinary and usual course of business consistent with past practice and
(B) use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep available the services of
the current officers, key employees and key consultants of the Company and
each Company Subsidiary and preserve the current relationships of the Company
and each Company Subsidiary with such of the customers, suppliers and other
persons with which the Company or any Company Subsidiary has significant
business relations as is reasonably necessary to preserve substantially
intact its business organization. Without limiting the foregoing, and as an
extension thereof, except as set forth in Section 5.1 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or as specifically permitted by any other provision of
this Agreement, the Company shall not (unless required by applicable Law or
the regulations or requirements of any stock exchange or other regulatory
organization applicable to the Company), and shall not permit any Company
Subsidiary to, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time,
directly or indirectly, do, or agree to do, any of the following without the
prior written consent of Parent:   Section 5.1.1 amend or otherwise change
its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or equivalent organizational
documents;   Section 5.1.2 (A) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of,
grant, transfer, encumber, or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge,
disposition, grant, transfer, or encumbrance of any shares of capital stock
of, or other Equity Interests in, the Company or any Company Subsidiary of
any class, or securities convertible or exchangeable or exercisable for any
shares of such capital stock or other Equity Interests, or any options,
warrants or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares of such capital
stock or other Equity Interests or such convertible or exchangeable
securities, or any other ownership interest, of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, other than the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of Company
Options outstanding as of the date hereof (or Company Options outstanding
that were otherwise approved by Parent) in accordance with their terms or (B)
sell, pledge, dispose of, transfer, lease, license, guarantee or encumber, or
authorize the sale, pledge, disposition, transfer, lease, license, guarantee
or encumbrance of, any material property or assets (including Intellectual
Property) of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except pursuant to
existing contracts or commitments or the sale, purchase or licensing
of goods, products and software in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice;   Section 5.1.3 declare, set aside, make or pay any
dividend or other distribution (whether payable in cash, stock, property or a
combination thereof) with respect to any of its capital stock (other than
dividends paid by a wholly-owned Company Subsidiary to the Company or to any
other wholly-owned Company Subsidiary) or enter into any agreement with
respect to the voting of its capital stock;    29   Section 5.1.4
reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem, purchase or otherwise
acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its capital stock, other Equity
Interests or any other securities;   Section 5.1.5 (A) acquire (including,
without limitation, by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or
assets) any ownership interest in any person or any division thereof or any
assets, other than acquisitions of assets in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice; (B) except for accounts payable incurred in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt securities or assume,
guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible
for, the obligations of any person (other than a wholly-owned Company
Subsidiary) for borrowed money; (C) terminate, cancel or agree to any
material change in any Company Material Contract other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice; or (D) make or authorize
any capital expenditure in excess of the Company\'s budget as disclosed to
Parent prior to the date hereof;   Section 5.1.6 except as may be required
by contractual commitments or corporate policies with respect to severance or
termination pay in existence on the date of this Agreement as disclosed in
Section 3.11.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule: (A) increase the
compensation or benefits payable or to become payable to its directors,
executive officers or employees (except for increases in accordance with past
practices in salaries or wages of employees of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary which are not across-the-board increases), (B) except to the
extent that the Company\'s existing severance policies are applicable to
employees hired after the date hereof, grant any rights to severance or
termination pay to, or enter into any employment or severance agreement with,
any director, executive officer or employee of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, or establish, adopt, enter into or amend in any material respect
any collective bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock
option, restricted stock, pension, retirement, deferred compensation,
employment, termination, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund,
policy or arrangement for the benefit of any director, executive officer or
employee, except to the extent required by applicable Law or the terms of a
collective bargaining agreement in existence on the date of this Agreement or
(C) take any affirmative action to amend or waive any performance or vesting
criteria or accelerate vesting, exercisability or funding under any Company
Benefit Plan, except, in each case, to the extent required by applicable Law
or existing term of any such Company Benefit Plan described in the Company
Disclosure Schedule or as contemplated by this Agreement;   Section 5.1.7
(A) pre-pay any long-term debt or pay, discharge or satisfy any claims,
liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise),
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and
in accordance with their terms, (B) accelerate or delay collection of notes
or accounts receivable in advance of or beyond their regular due dates or the
dates when the same would have been collected in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice or (C) delay or accelerate payment
of any account payable or in advance of its due date or the date such
liability would have been paid in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice;    30   Section 5.1.8 make any change in accounting
policies or procedures, other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or except as required by GAAP or by a
Governmental Entity;   Section 5.1.9 waive, release, assign, settle or
compromise any material claims, or any material litigation or
arbitration;   Section 5.1.10 make or change any election in respect
of Taxes, adopt or change any material accounting method in respect of Taxes,
enter into any tax allocation agreement, tax sharing agreement, tax
indemnity agreement or closing agreement, settle or compromise any claim,
notice, audit report or assessment in respect of Taxes, or consent to any
extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or
assessment in respect of Taxes;   Section 5.1.11 modify, amend or
terminate, or waive, release or assign any material rights or claims with
respect to any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which the Company
is a party;   Section 5.1.12 write up, write down or write off the
book value of any assets, individually or in the aggregate, for the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for depreciation and
amortization in accordance with GAAP consistently applied;   Section 5.1.13
take any action to exempt or make not subject to (A) the provisions of
Section 203 of the DGCL or (B) any other state takeover law or state law that
purports to limit or restrict business combinations or the ability to acquire
or vote shares, any person (other than Parent, the Purchaser and any Parent
Subsidiary) or any action taken thereby, which person or action would have
otherwise been subject to the restrictive provisions thereof and not exempt
therefrom;   Section 5.1.14 take any action that is intended or
would reasonably be expected to result in any of the Tender Offer Conditions
or the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article 6 not being
satisfied;   Section 5.1.15 license, transfer, sell, distribute,
encumber or grant access to any Intellectual Property of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, other than in the ordinary course of business;  
Section 5.1.16 enter into any new material line of business; or   Section
5.1.17 authorize or enter into any agreement or otherwise make any commitment
to do any of the foregoing.   Section 5.2 Cooperation. The Company and
Parent shall coordinate and cooperate in connection with (A) the preparation
of the Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 or the Proxy Statement, (B)
determining whether any action by or in respect of, or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is required, or any actions, consents, approvals or
waivers are required to be obtained from parties to any Company Material
Contracts, in connection with the   31  consummation of the Merger and (C)
seeking any such actions, consents, approvals or waivers or making any such
filings, furnishing information required in connection therewith or with the
Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 and the Proxy Statement (if any) and
timely seeking to obtain any such actions, consents, approvals or
waivers.   Section 5.3 Access to Information; Confidentiality   Section
5.3.1 Except as required pursuant to any confidentiality agreement or similar
agreement or arrangement to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a
party (which such person shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the counterparty thereto to waive) from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time the Company shall, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary and
each of their respective directors, officers, employees, accountants,
consultants, legal counsel, advisors, and agents and other representatives,
(collectively, "Company Representatives") to: (A) provide to Parent and the
Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, employees, accountants,
consultants, legal counsel, advisors, agents and other representatives
(collectively, the "Parent Representatives") access at reasonable times upon
prior notice to the officers, employees, agents, properties, offices and
other facilities of such party and its subsidiaries and to the books and
records thereof and (B) furnish promptly such information concerning the
business, properties, contracts, assets, liabilities, personnel and other
aspects of such party and its subsidiaries as the other party or
its Representatives may reasonably request. No investigation conducted
pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 shall affect or be deemed to modify or limit
any representation or warranty made in this Agreement.   Section 5.3.2 With
respect to the information disclosed pursuant to Section 5.3.1, the parties
shall comply with, and shall cause their respective Representatives to comply
with, all of their respective obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement
previously executed by the Company and Parent dated as of October 5, 2001
(the "Confidentiality Agreement").   Section 5.4 No Solicitation of
Transactions   Section 5.4.1 The Company agrees that, prior to the
Effective Time, it shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any Company
Subsidiary or Company Representative, directly or indirectly, to take any
action to (A) encourage (including by way of furnishing non-public
information), solicit, initiate or facilitate any Acquisition Proposal, (B)
enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or enter
into any agreement, arrangement or understanding requiring it to abandon,
terminate or fail to consummate the Merger or any other transaction
contemplated by this Agreement or (C) participate in any way in discussions
or negotiations with, or furnish any information to, any person in connection
with, or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of
any proposal that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to,
any Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that if, at any time prior to
the consummation of the Offer, the Company Board determines in good faith,
after consultation with outside counsel, that it would otherwise constitute a
breach of its fiduciary duties to stockholders, the Company may, in response
to a Superior Proposal and subject to the Company\'s compliance with Section
5.4.2 and Section 2.8.1, (1) furnish information with respect to the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries to the person making such Superior  
32  Proposal pursuant to a customary confidentiality agreement the benefits
of the terms of which are no more favorable to the other party to such
confidentiality agreement than those in place with Parent as amended as of
the date hereof and (2) following the execution of such a confidentiality
agreement, participate in discussions with respect to such Superior Proposal.
Upon execution of this Agreement, the Company, its affiliates and their
respective officers, directors, employees, representatives legal counsel,
advisors and agents shall cease immediately and cause to be terminated any
and all existing discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted
heretofore with respect to an Acquisition Proposal and promptly request that
all confidential information with respect thereto furnished on behalf of the
Company be returned.   Section 5.4.2 The Company shall immediately advise
Parent of any inquiry received by it relating to any potential Acquisition
Proposal and of the terms of any proposal or inquiry, including the identity
of the person and its affiliates making the same, that it may receive in
respect of any such potential Acquisition Proposal, or of any information
requested from it or of any negotiations or discussions being sought to be
initiated with it, shall furnish to the Purchaser a copy of any such proposal
or inquiry, if it is in writing, or a written summary of any such proposal or
inquiry (as well as of any additional information received by the Company
with respect to an Acquisition Proposal), if it is not in writing and shall
keep Parent fully informed on a current basis with respect to the status of
any such negotiations or discussions and any developments with respect to the
foregoing.   Section 5.4.3 Neither the Company Board nor any
committee thereof shall (A) withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to
withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent, the approval or
recommendation by the Company Board or such committee of the Offer and the
Merger and the adoption and approval of this Agreement, (B) approve or
recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any Acquisition
Proposal other than the Offer and the Merger, or (C) cause the Company to
enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition
agreement or other agreement related to any Acquisition Proposal other than
the Offer and the Merger. Nothing contained in this Section 5.4.3 shall
prohibit the Company (1) from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a
position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal (provided that the
Company Board shall not withdraw or modify in an adverse manner its approval
or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger or this Agreement except as set
forth below) or (2) in the event that a Superior Proposal is made and the
Company Board determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside counsel, that it would otherwise constitute a breach of its fiduciary
duty to stockholders, from withdrawing or modifying its recommendation of the
Offer and the Merger prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer,
so long as the Company continues to comply with all other provisions of this
Agreement and so long as all the conditions to the Company\'s right to
terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 7.1.6 have been satisfied
(including the expiration of the five business day period described therein
and the payment of all amounts required pursuant to Section 7.2).   Section
5.5 Appropriate Action; Consents; Filings.   Section 5.5.1 The Company and
Parent shall use their reasonable best efforts to (A) take, or cause to be
taken, all appropriate action and do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Law or otherwise to
consummate and   33  make effective the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement as promptly as practicable, (B) obtain
from any Governmental Entities any consents, licenses, permits, waivers,
approvals, authorizations or orders required or advisable to be obtained or
made by Parent, the Purchaser or the Company or any of their respective
subsidiaries, or to avoid any action or proceeding by any Governmental Entity
(including, without limitation, those in connection with the HSR Act), in
connection with the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement
and each Ancillary Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein and therein, including without limitation the Offer and
the Merger, and (C) make all necessary filings, and thereafter make any other
required submissions, with respect to this Agreement and each Ancillary
Agreement, the Offer and the Merger required under (1) the Exchange Act, and
any other applicable federal or state securities Laws, (2) the HSR Act and
(3) any other applicable Law; provided, that the Company and Parent shall
cooperate with each other in connection with (X) preparing and filing of the
Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9, Proxy Statement and any Other
Filings, (Y) determining whether any action by or in respect of, or filing
with, any Governmental Entity is required, in connection with the
consummation of the Offer or the Merger and (Z) seeking any such actions,
consents, approvals or waivers or making any such filings, including
providing copies of all filed documents to the non-filing party and its
advisors prior to filing and, if requested, accepting all reasonable
additions, deletions or changes suggested in connection therewith; and
provided, further, that nothing in this Section 5.5.1 shall require Parent or
the Company to agree to (I) the imposition of material conditions, (II) the
requirement of divestiture of material assets or property or (III) the
requirement of expenditure of money by Parent or the Company to a third party
in exchange for any such consent. The Company and Parent shall furnish to
each other all information required for any application or other filing under
the rules and regulations of any applicable Law (including all information)
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each
Ancillary Agreement.   Section 5.5.2 The Company and Parent shall give (or
shall cause their respective subsidiaries to give) any notices to third
parties, and use, and cause their respective subsidiaries to use, all
reasonable efforts to obtain any consent to a Company Material Contract, (A)
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated in
this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement, (B) required to be disclosed in
the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Parent Disclosure Schedule, as
applicable, (C) required to prevent a Company Material Adverse Effect from
occurring prior to or after the Effective Time, or (D) otherwise referenced
in paragraph (I) of Annex I. In the event that either party shall fail to
obtain any third party consent described in the first sentence of this
Section 5.5.2, such party shall use all reasonable efforts, and shall take
any such actions reasonably requested by the other party hereto, to minimize
any adverse effect upon the Company and Parent, their respective
Subsidiaries, and their respective businesses resulting, or which could
reasonably be expected to result after the consummation of the Offer or the
Effective Time, from the failure to obtain such consent.   Section 5.5.3
From the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, the Company shall
promptly notify Parent in writing of any pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened action, suit, arbitration or other proceeding or
investigation by any Governmental Entity or any other person (A) challenging
or seeking material damages in connection with the Offer, the Merger or any
other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement
or (B) seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Offer,  
34  the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or
any Ancillary Agreement or otherwise limit the right of Parent, the Purchaser
or any Parent Subsidiary to own or operate all or any portion of the
businesses or assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary.   Section
5.6 Certain Notices. From and after the date of this Agreement until the
Effective Time, each party hereto shall promptly notify the other party
hereto of (A) the occurrence, or non-occurrence, of any event that would be
likely to cause any condition to the obligations of any party to effect
the Offer, Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or
any Ancillary Agreement not to be satisfied or (B) the failure of the Company
or Parent, as the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it pursuant to
this Agreement which would reasonably be expected to result in any condition
to the obligations of any party to effect the Offer, the Merger or any other
transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement not to
be satisfied; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to
this Section 5.6 shall not cure any breach of any representation or warranty
contained in this Agreement or otherwise limit or affect the remedies
available hereunder to the party receiving such notice.   Section 5.7
Public Announcements. Parent and the Company shall consult with each other
before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statements
with respect to the Merger and shall not issue any such press release or make
any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may
be required by applicable Law or any listing agreement with the Exchange.  
Section 5.8 Employee Benefit Matters; Stock Options.   Section 5.8.1 With
respect to any "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA
maintained by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary (collectively, "Parent Benefit
Plans") in which any director, officer or employee of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary (the "Company Employees") will participate effective as of
the Effective Time, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
recognize all service of the Company Employees with the Company or a Company
Subsidiary, as the case may be, for purposes of vacation and severance and
participation in any Parent Benefit Plan in which such Company Employees may
be eligible to participate after the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective
Time, the Company Board, or an appropriate committee of non-
employee directors thereof, shall adopt a resolution consistent with the
interpretive guidance of the SEC so that the disposition by any officer or
director of the Company who is a covered person of the Company for purposes
of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder
("Section 16") of Shares or options to acquire Shares pursuant to this
Agreement and the Merger shall be an exempt transaction for purposes of
Section 16.   Section 5.8.2 At the Effective Time, the Company Stock
Option Plans and each outstanding option to purchase shares of Company Common
Stock under the Company Stock Option Plans, whether vested or unvested, shall
be assumed by Parent. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Company
shall deliver to Parent an updated list of all holders of outstanding options
under the Company Stock Option Plans, including the number of shares of the
Company\'s capital stock subject to each such option, the exercise or vesting
schedule, the exercise price per share and the term of each such option
current as of such date. Each such   35  option so assumed by Parent
under this Agreement shall continue to have, and be subject to, the same
terms and conditions set forth in the Company Stock Option Plans and the
applicable stock option agreements, immediately prior to the Effective Time,
except that (i) such option will be exercisable for that number of whole
shares of common stock of Parent (the "Parent Common Stock") equal to the
product of the number of shares of Company Common Stock that were
issuable upon exercise of such option immediately prior to the Effective Time
multiplied by the Option Exchange Ratio (as defined below) and rounded down
to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) the
per share exercise price for the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of such assumed option shall be equal to the quotient determined by
dividing the exercise price per share of Company Common Stock at which such
option was exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Option
Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. Except as set forth in
Section 5.8.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Merger shall not
terminate any of the outstanding options under the Company Stock Option Plans
or accelerate the exercisability or vesting of such options or the shares of
Parent Common Stock which shall be subject to those options upon Parent\'s
assumption of the options in the Merger. Within 15 business days after the
Effective Time, Parent will issue to each person who, immediately prior to
the Effective Time was a holder of an outstanding option under the Company
Stock Option Plans a document evidencing the foregoing assumption of such
option by Parent, and Parent may prohibit option exercises beginning at the
Effective Time and ending upon the filing of the registration statement on
Form S-8 in accordance with Section 5.8.3. The "Option Exchange Ratio" shall
mean the quotient obtained by dividing (i) Merger Consideration by (ii) the
average last sale price per share of the Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq
Stock Market as reported in The Wall Street Journal (or, if either party
disputes the accuracy of the prices therein reported, another mutually
agreeable authoritative source) for the ten full trading-day period ending on
the fifth full trading day prior to the Closing Date (e.g., if the Closing
Date falls on a Sunday, the ten trading-day period used to calculate this on
such date would end on, and include, the previous Monday, assuming that
Monday through Friday are full trading days).   Section 5.8.3 Parent agrees
to file, no later than 15 business days after the Effective Time a
registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act covering the
shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to outstanding options and
shares granted to employees, officers, and directors of, and bona fide
consultants to, the Company if they are individuals for whom a Form S-8
registration statement is available. The Company shall cooperate with and
assist Parent in the preparation of such registration statement.   Section
5.8.4 Schedule 5.8.4 sets forth the names and number of Shares held by
certain officers of the Company subject to vesting and repurchase by the
Company ("ACC Restricted Shares") as well as the number of Shares subject to
all stock options held by such officers that remain subject to vesting ("ACC
Options"). Immediately prior to the Effective Time (or sooner as specifically
provided in existing employment, option or severance agreements between the
Company and the officers set forth on Schedule 5.8.4), each unvested ACC
Restricted Share and each unvested ACC Option shall become vested, and
all repurchase rights of the Company with respect to the ACC Restricted
Shares and ACC Options shall lapse. Other than the ACC Restricted Shares and
the ACC Options, there are no Company stock options or shares of restricted
stock for which vesting will accelerate solely as a result of the execution
of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.    36  
Section 5.9 Indemnification of Directors and Officers.   Section 5.9.1
Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in Section 2.4, Parent and the
Surviving Corporation agree that the indemnification obligations set forth in
the Company Certificate and the Company Bylaws shall survive the Merger and
shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six
years after the Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the
rights thereunder of any individual who on or prior to the Effective Time was
a director, officer, trustee, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary or who served at the request of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary as a director, officer, trustee, partner, fiduciary,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
pension or other employee benefit plan or enterprise, unless such amendment
or modification is required by Law. The individuals to whom this Section
5.9.1 applies shall be intended third party beneficiaries of this Section
5.9.1.   Section 5.9.2 For six years from the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall provide to the Company\'s directors and officers (as of the
date hereof and as of the Effective Time) an insurance and indemnification
policy that provides coverage for events occurring prior to the Effective
Time (the "DandO; Insurance") that is no less favorable than the Company\'s
existing policy (true and complete copies which have been previously provided
to Parent) or, if substantially equivalent insurance coverage is unavailable,
the best available coverage; provided, however, that the
Surviving Corporation shall not be required to pay an annual premium for the
DandO; Insurance in excess of 250% of the last annual premium paid prior to the
date of this Agreement, which premium the Company represents and warrants to
be approximately $415,000. The provisions of the immediately preceding
sentence shall be deemed to have been satisfied if prepaid policies have been
obtained prior to the Effective Time for purposes of this Section 5.9, which
policies provide such directors and officers with coverage for an aggregate
period of six years with respect to claims arising from facts or events that
occurred on or before the Effective Time, including, without limitation, in
respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If such prepaid
policies have been obtained prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall, and
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, maintain such policies in full
force and effect, and continue to honor the obligations thereunder. The
directors and officers to whom this Section 5.9.2 applies shall be intended
third party beneficiaries of this Section 5.9.2.   Section 5.10 Parent
Agreement Concerning the Purchaser; Parent Guaranty. Parent agrees to cause
the Purchaser to comply with its obligations under this Agreement. Parent
hereby unconditionally guarantees the Purchaser\'s and the Surviving
Corporation\'s obligations under this Agreement and agrees to be liable for
any breach of this Agreement by the Purchaser or the
Surviving Corporation.   Section 5.11 FIRPTA Certificate. The Company shall
deliver to Parent, as agent for the Company, a form of notice to the IRS in
accordance with the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.897-2(h)(2)
and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent along with written
authorization for Parent to deliver such notice form to the IRS on behalf of
the Company upon the consummation of the Merger.    37   ARTICLE 6  
CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER   Section 6.1 Conditions to
Obligations of Each Party. The respective obligations of each party to
consummate the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   Section 6.1.1 This
Agreement and the Merger shall have been approved and adopted by the
requisite vote of the stockholders of the Company, if required by applicable
Law.   Section 6.1.2 The Purchaser shall have purchased, or caused to be
purchased, pursuant to the Offer all shares duly tendered and not
withdrawn; provided, however, that Parent and the Purchaser shall not assert
this condition if the Purchaser, in violation of the terms of the Offer or
this Agreement, fails to accept for payment or pay for Shares validly
tendered pursuant to the Offer.   Section 6.1.3 The consummation of the
Merger shall not be restrained, enjoined or prohibited by any order,
judgment, decree, injunction or ruling (whether temporary, preliminary or
permanent) of a court of competent jurisdiction or any other Governmental
Entity and there shall not have been any statute, rule or regulation enacted,
promulgated or deemed applicable to the Merger by any Governmental Entity
which prevents the consummation of the Merger or has the effect of making the
purchase of Shares illegal.   Section 6.1.4 Any applicable waiting periods,
together with any extensions thereof, under the HSR Act and the antitrust or
competition laws of any other applicable jurisdiction shall have expired or
been terminated.   ARTICLE 7   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  
Section 7.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the Merger
contemplated hereby may be abandoned, at any time prior to the Effective Time
by action taken or authorized by the Board of Directors of the
terminating party or parties, whether before or after approval of the Merger
by the stockholders of the Company:   Section 7.1.1 By mutual written
consent of Parent and the Company, by action of their respective Boards of
Directors;   Section 7.1.2 By the Company if (A) Parent or the
Purchaser fails to commence the Offer as provided in Section 1.1 hereof by
the date that is five business days from the date of this Agreement or (B)
Parent or the Purchaser shall not have accepted for payment and paid for
Shares pursuant to the Offer in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof
on or before December 23, 2002; provided, however, that the Company may not
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1.2 if the Company shall
have (1) failed to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement, which failure
has been the proximate cause of, or resulted in, the failure of any condition
to the Offer to have been satisfied on or before such date, or (2) otherwise
materially breached this Agreement;    38   Section 7.1.3 By either the
Company or Parent if the Offer is terminated or withdrawn pursuant to its
terms without any Shares being purchased thereunder; provided, however, that
neither the Company nor Parent may terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 7.1.3 if such party shall have materially breached this
Agreement;   Section 7.1.4 By either the Company or Parent if any court
of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity shall have issued an
order, decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting (A) the acceptance for payment of, or
payment for, Shares pursuant to the Offer or (B) the Merger, and such order,
decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and nonappealable
(which order, decree, ruling or other action the party seeking to terminate
this Agreement shall have used its reasonable best efforts to resist, resolve
or lift, as applicable, subject to the provisions of Section 5.5);  
Section 7.1.5 By Parent prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the
Offer, if (A) the Company Board shall have withdrawn or adversely modified
(including by amendment to the Schedule 14D-9), or failed upon Parent\'s
request to reconfirm, its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger
or this Agreement (or determined to do so); (B) the Company Board shall have
determined to recommend to the Company\'s stockholders that they approve an
Acquisition Proposal other than the Offer and the Merger or shall have
determined to accept a Superior Proposal; or (C) a tender offer or
exchange offer that, if successful, would result in any person or group
becoming a beneficial owner of 15% or more of the outstanding Shares is
commenced (other than by Parent or an affiliate of Parent) and the Company
Board fails to recommend that the Company\'s stockholders not tender their
Shares in such tender or exchange offer;   Section 7.1.6 By the Company, if
the Company Board determines to accept a Superior Proposal, but only after
the Company (A) provides Parent with not less than five business days\'
notice of its determination to accept such Superior Proposal, including all
terms thereof (after giving effect to all of the concessions which may be
offered by Parent pursuant to clause (B) below), (B) within the not less than
five business day period referred, the Company has and has caused its
financial and legal advisors to, negotiate with Parent to make such
adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement with the goal of
enabling the Company to proceed with the transactions contemplated hereby,
and (C) fulfills its obligations under Section 7.2 hereof upon
such termination (provided that the Company\'s right to terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.1.6 shall not be available if the Company is
then in breach of Section 5.4); or   Section 7.1.7 By Parent, prior to the
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, if the Minimum Condition shall not
have been satisfied by the Expiration Date of the Offer and on or prior to
such Expiration Date the Company shall have received an Acquisition Proposal
(other than from Parent or the Purchaser).   Section 7.2 Effect of
Termination.   Section 7.2.1 In the event of termination of this Agreement
by either the Company or Parent as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement
shall forthwith become void   39  and there shall be no liability or
obligation on the part of Parent or the Company or their respective
subsidiaries, officers or directors except (A) with respect to Section 2.8,
Section 5.3, Section 5.7, Section 7.5, this Section 7.2 and Article 8 and (B)
with respect to any liabilities or damages incurred or suffered by a party as
a result of the breach by another party of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or other agreements set forth in this Agreement or any
Ancillary Agreement.   Section 7.2.2 Parent and the Company agree that if
this Agreement is terminated (A) pursuant to Section 7.1.5 or 7.1.6, (B)
pursuant to Section 7.1.7 and the Company either enters into a definitive
agreement relating to or consummates such Acquisition Proposal (with, for
purposes of this Section 7.2.2, all of the references to 15% changed to "at
least 50%") within 12 months of such termination, or (C) by Parent pursuant
to Section 7.1.3 by reason of a failure of any of the conditions specified in
paragraphs (C), (D), (F), (G) or (I) of Annex I and the Company either enters
into a definitive agreement relating to or consummates an Acquisition
Proposal (with, for purposes of this Section 7.2.2, all of the references to
15% changed to "at least 50%") within 12 months of such termination, then, in
any such case, the Company shall pay to Parent an amount equal to the sum of
Parent\'s and the Purchaser\'s Expenses up to an amount equal to
$7,342,500.   Section 7.2.3 Payment of Expenses pursuant to Section
7.2.2 shall be made not later than two business days after delivery to the
other party of notice of demand for payment and a documented itemization
setting forth in reasonable detail all such Expenses (which itemization may
be supplemented and updated from time to time until the 90th day after the
party entitled to receive payment delivers such notice of demand for
payment).   Section 7.2.4 Termination Fee. In addition to any
payment required by the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.2: (A) in the
event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1.5 or 7.1.6,
then the Company shall pay to Parent immediately prior to such termination,
in the case of a termination by the Company, or within two business days
thereafter, in the case of a termination by Parent, a termination fee of
$7,342,500 less any Expenses paid by the Company pursuant to Section 7.2.2;
and (B) in the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section
7.1.7 and the Company either enters into a definitive agreement relating to
or consummates such Acquisition Proposal (with, for purposes of this Section
7.2.4, all of the references to 15% changed to "at least 50%") within 12
months of such termination, then the Company shall pay Parent, no later than
two business days after the earlier to occur of (1) the date of entrance by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary into a definitive agreement concerning
a transaction that constitutes an Acquisition Proposal and (2) the date the
Company consummates such Acquisition Proposal (provided that if any agreement
referred to in clauses (1) and (2) of this sentence is entered into by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary within 12 months of the termination of this
Agreement, or if there is no such agreement with respect to a purchase
contemplated by clause (2), any tender, exchange or other offer or
arrangement for the Company\'s voting securities is first publicly announced
within 12 months of such termination of this Agreement), then in either such
case, a termination fee of $7,342,500 less any Expenses paid by the Company
pursuant to Section 7.2.2.    40   Section 7.2.5 All Payments. All
payments under this Section 7.2 shall be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account designated by the party entitled to receive
payment.   Section 7.3 Amendment. Subject to Section 1.3.3 hereof, this
Agreement may be amended by the Company, Parent and the Purchaser by action
taken by or on behalf of their respective Boards of Directors at any time
prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, that, after approval of the
Merger by the Company\'s stockholders, no amendment may be made which, by Law
or in accordance with the rules of any relevant stock exchange, requires
further approval by such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended
except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.   Section
7.4 Waiver. Subject to Section 1.3.3, at any time prior to the Effective
Time, Parent and the Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Company, on the
other hand, may (A) extend the time for the performance of any of
the obligations or other acts of the other, (B) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties of the other contained herein or in any
document delivered pursuant hereto and (C) waive compliance by the other with
any of the agreements or conditions contained herein; provided, however, that
after any approval of this Agreement by the Company\'s stockholders, there
may not be any extension or waiver of this Agreement which decreases the
Merger Consideration or which adversely affects the rights of the Company\'s
stockholders hereunder without the approval of such stockholders. Any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed by the party or parties to be bound thereby, but such
extension or waiver or failure to insist on strict compliance with an
obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver
of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure.   ARTICLE
8   GENERAL PROVISIONS   Section 8.1 Non-Survival of Representations and
Warranties. None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or
in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the
Effective Time. This Section 8.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of
the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective
Time.   Section 8.2 Fees and Expenses. Subject to Section 7.2 hereof,
all expenses incurred by the parties hereto shall be borne solely and
entirely by the party which has incurred the same, except that all filing
fees related to filings pursuant to the HSR Act will be shared equally by the
Company and Parent.   Section 8.3 Notices. Any notices or other
communications required or permitted under, or otherwise given in connection
with this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given when delivered in person or upon electronic confirmation of
receipt when transmitted by facsimile transmission (but only if followed by
transmittal by national overnight courier or hand for delivery on the next
business day) or on receipt after dispatch by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, addressed, or on   41  receipt after dispatch by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed, or on the next
business day if transmitted by national overnight courier, in each case as
follows:   If to Parent or the Purchaser, addressed to it at:   Mentor
Graphics Corporation  8005 S.W. Boeckman Road  Wilsonville, Oregon
97070-7777  Attn: General Counsel  Tel: (503) 685-7000  Fax: (503)
685-1485   with a mandated copy to:   Latham and Watkins  135 Commonwealth
Drive  Menlo Park, California 94025-3656  Attn: Christopher L. Kaufman,
Esq.  Tel: (650) 328-4600  Fax: (650) 463-2600   If to the Company,
addressed to it at:   Innoveda, Inc.  293 Boston Post Road West 
Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752  Attn: Chief Executive Officer  Tel: (800)
456-8439  Fax: (508) 480-0888   with a mandated copy to:   Hale and Dorr
LLP  60 State Street  Boston, Massachusetts 02109  Attn: John Burgess,
Esq.  Tel: (617) 526-6000  Fax: (617) 526-5000  For purposes of this
Agreement, written consent shall include consent by electronic mail.  
Section 8.4 Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the
term:   "AFFILIATE" means a person that directly or indirectly, through one
or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, the first-mentioned person;    42   "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL"
means any offer or proposal concerning any (A) merger, consolidation, other
business combination or similar transaction involving the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, (B) sale, lease or other disposition directly or
indirectly by merger, consolidation, business combination, share exchange,
joint venture or otherwise, of assets of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary representing 15% or more of the consolidated assets, revenues or
net income of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, (C) issuance or sale
or other disposition (including by way of merger, consolidation, business
combination, share exchange, joint venture or similar transaction) of Equity
Interests representing 15% or more of the voting power of the Company, (D)
transaction in which any person will acquire beneficial ownership or the
right to acquire beneficial ownership or any group has been formed which
beneficially owns or has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of, Equity
Interests representing 15% or more of the voting power of the Company or (E)
any combination of the foregoing (other than the Offer and the
Merger); provided, however, that an Acquisition Proposal shall not include
the disposition of the assets of the SLD Business.   "ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS"
means the Support Agreements and the Non-Competition Agreements.  
"BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP" (and related terms such as "beneficially owned" or
"beneficial owner") has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act.   "BLUE SKY LAWS" means any state securities, "blue sky"
or takeover law.   "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.   "COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any change affecting, or
condition having an effect on, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
that is, or would reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to the
assets, liabilities, business, financial condition or results of operations
of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Any
combination of changes or conditions relating to one or more of the following
in and of itself shall not constitute a Company Material Adverse Effect: (1)
any change or condition relating to the economy or securities markets in
general, or the industries in which the Company operates in general, and not
specifically relating to the Company; (2) any adverse change, effect or
circumstances primarily arising out of or resulting from actions contemplated
by the parties hereto or the pendency or announcement of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; (3) changes in law, rule or regulations or
GAAP or interpretations thereof; (4) the failure by the Company to meet
analyst expectations; (5) the sale of all or a portion of the Company\'s SLD
Business; and (6) the effect of any reductions in force implemented by the
Company described in the Company Disclosure Schedule.   "COMPANY OPTIONS"
means all unexpired and unexercised option or similar right to purchase
Shares or other Equity Interests of the Company, excluding the Top-Up
Option.   "COMPANY STOCK OPTION PLANS" means any stock incentive plan
of the Company, including the Innoveda, Inc. Amended and Restated 2000
Stock Incentive Plan, Innoveda, Inc. 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
Viewlogic Systems, Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, PADS Software, Inc. 1998
Stock Option Plan, Summit Design, Inc. 1994 Stock Plan, Summit Design,  
43  Inc. 1996 Director Option Plan, Summit Design, Inc. 1997 Nonstatutory
Stock Option Plan, Simulation Technologies Corp. 1994 Stock Option Plan,
Transcendent Design Technology, Inc. Stock Option Plan, Transcendent Design
Technology, Inc. Restricted Stock Plan and TriQuest Design Automation, Inc.
1995 Stock Option Plan, or any other plan, agreement or arrangement pursuant
to which options to purchase Shares or other Equity Interests of the Company
have been granted.   "CONTRACTS" means any of the agreements, contracts,
leases, powers of attorney, notes, loans, evidence of indebtedness, purchase
orders, letters of credit, settlement agreements, franchise agreements,
undertakings, covenants not to compete, employment agreements, licenses,
instruments, obligations, commitments, understandings, policies, purchase and
sales orders, quotations and other executory commitments to which the Company
or any Company Subsidiary is a party or to which any of the assets of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary are subject, whether oral or written,
express or implied.   "CONTROL" (including the terms "controlled by" and
"under common control with") means the possession, directly or indirectly or
as trustee or executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management or policies of a person, whether through the ownership of stock or
as trustee or executor, by contract or credit arrangement or otherwise.  
"ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law,
ordinance, regulation, rule, code, treaty, writ or order and any enforceable
judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or
administrative order, consent decree, judgment, stipulation, injunction,
permit, authorization, policy, opinion, or agency requirement, in each case
having the force and effect of law, relating to the pollution, protection,
investigation or restoration of the environment, health and safety as
affected by the environment or natural resources, including,
without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, presence,
transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release, threatened release or
discharge of Hazardous Materials or noise, odor, wetlands, pollution or
contamination, including but not limited to CERCLA, the Occupational Safety
and Health Act, as amended, and any regulations promulgated thereunder, and
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, and any regulations
promulgated thereunder.   "ENVIRONMENTAL PERMITS" means any permit,
approval, identification number, license and other authorization required
under any applicable Environmental Law.   "EQUITY INTEREST" means any
share, capital stock, partnership, member or similar interest in any entity,
and any option, warrant, right or security convertible, exchangeable or
exercisable therefor.   "ERISA AFFILIATE" means any entity, trade or
business that is a member of a group described in Section 414(b), (c), (m) or
(o) of the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA that includes the Company or
any Company Subsidiary, or that is a member of the same "controlled group" as
the Company or any Company Subsidiary pursuant to Section 4001(a)(14) of
ERISA.   "EXCHANGE" means the Nasdaq National Market.    44  
"EXPENSES" includes all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including, without
limitation, all fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, commercial and
investment bankers, experts and consultants to a party hereto and its
affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection with
or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Offer
Documents, Schedule 14D-9 and Proxy Statement and any solicitation of
stockholder approvals and all other matters related to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   "GAAP" means generally accepted
accounting principles as applied in the United States.   "GOVERNMENTAL
ENTITY" means any domestic or foreign governmental, administrative, judicial
or regulatory authority.   "GROUP" is defined as in the Exchange Act, except
where the context otherwise requires.   "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means (A) any
petroleum, petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive
materials, asbestos-containing materials or polychlorinated biphenyls or (B)
any chemical, material or other substance defined or regulated as toxic or
hazardous or as a pollutant or contaminant or waste under any applicable
Environmental Law.   "HSR ACT" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means, collectively, (i)
trademarks and service marks (whether registered or unregistered), trade
names, designs and general intangibles of like nature, together with all
goodwill related to the foregoing (collectively, "Trademarks"); (ii) patents
and patent applications (including any continuations, continuations-in-part,
divisionals, reissues, renewals and applications for any of the foregoing)
(collectively "Patents"); (iii) copyrights and mask works (including any
registrations and applications therefore and whether registered or
unregistered) (collectively "Copyrights"); and (iv) confidential information
and proprietary information, including any formula, pattern, compilation,
program, device, method, technique, or process, that: (1) derives independent
economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to the
public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure
or use; and (2) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the
circumstances to maintain its secrecy (collectively "Trade Secrets").  
"IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue Service.   "KNOWLEDGE" will
be present only when the matter in question was directed to the attention of
the following persons in the conduct of their ordinary responsibilities or
when the following persons otherwise have actual knowledge of such matter in
question: William J. Herman, Richard G. Lucier, Kevin P. O\'Brien, Peter T.
Johnson, Paula J. Cassidy, Kenneth Tepper and Joseph Dalton.     45  
"LAW" means foreign or domestic law, statute, code, ordinance, rule,
regulation, order, judgment, writ, stipulation, award, injunction, decree or
arbitration award or finding.   "ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS" means, as of any
date, (A) the number of Shares outstanding, plus (B) the number of Shares the
Company is then required to issue pursuant to obligations outstanding at such
date under employee stock option or other benefit plans or otherwise
(assuming all options and other rights to acquire such Shares are fully
vested and exercisable and all Shares issuable at any time have been issued),
including, without limitation, pursuant to the Company Stock Option
Plans.   "OTHER FILINGS" means all filings made by, or required to be made
by, the Company with the SEC other than the Schedule 14D-9 and the
Proxy Statement.   "PARENT MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any change
affecting, or condition having an effect on, Parent, the Purchaser and the
Parent Subsidiaries that is, or would reasonably be expected to be,
materially adverse to the assets, liabilities, business, financial condition
or results of operations of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, other than any change or condition relating to the economy or
securities markets in general, or the industries in which Parent operates in
general, and not specifically relating to Parent.   "PERSON" means an
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association,
trust, unincorporated organization, other entity or group.   "SECURITIES
ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "SOFTWARE" means individually each,
and collectively all, of the computer programs, including interfaces and any
embedded software programs or applications, owned or licensed to the Company
or otherwise included as an asset of the Company, including as to each
program, the processes and routines used in the processing of data, the
object code, source code (as to third party source code, when rights to the
source code may be obtained), tapes, disks, and all improvements,
modifications, enhancements, versions and releases relating thereto.   "SLD
BUSINESS" means the business described on Schedule 8.4.   "SUBSIDIARY" or
"SUBSIDIARIES" of Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or any other
person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other legal
entity of which Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or such other
person, as the case may be (either alone or through or together with any
other subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly, a majority of the stock or
other equity interests the holders of which are generally entitled to vote
for the election of the board of directors or other governing body of such
corporation or other legal entity.   "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" means a bona fide
Acquisition Proposal (but with all of the percentages included in the
definition of such term raised to 50.01% for purposes of this definition)
made by a third party which was not solicited by the Company in violation of
this Agreement, any Company Subsidiary, any Company Representatives or any
other Company affiliates and which, in the good faith judgment of the Company
Board, taking into account, to   46  the extent deemed appropriate by the
Company Board, the various legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the
proposal and the person making such proposal (A) if accepted, is reasonably
likely to be consummated, (B) if consummated, after consultation with the
Company\'s nationally recognized independent financial advisor as to whether
the Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal, would result in a
transaction that is more favorable to the Company\'s stockholders from a
financial point of view than the Offer and the Merger as the same may be
proposed by Parent to be amended pursuant to clause (B) of Section 7.1.6 and
(C) is not subject to any financing condition.   "TAXES" means any federal,
state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment,
excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits,
environmental, customs duties, capital stock, franchise, profits,
withholding, social security, unemployment, disability, real property,
personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration, value added,
alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind
whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether
disputed or not.   "TAX LIABILITY" means a liability for any Tax.   "TAX
RETURNS" means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or
information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule or
attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.   Section 8.5 Terms
Defined Elsewhere. The following terms are defined elsewhere in this
Agreement, as indicated below:   "ACC OPTIONS" Section 5.8.4  "ACC
RESTRICTED SHARES" Section 5.8.4  "ADVERSE MATTER" Section 1.3.3 
"AGREEMENT" Preamble  "BUSINESS DAY" Section 1.1.2  "CERCLA" Section
3.14.4  "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER" Section 2.2  "CERTIFICATES" Section 2.11.1 
"COMPANY" Preamble  "COMPANY BENEFIT PLAN" Section 3.10.1  "COMPANY BOARD"
Recitals  "COMPANY BYLAWS" Section 3.2    47   "COMPANY CERTIFICATE"
Section 3.2  "COMPANY COMMON STOCK" Section 3.3  "COMPANY DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE" Article 3  "COMPANY EMPLOYEES" Section 5.8.1  "COMPANY FINANCIAL
ADVISOR" Section 1.2.1  "COMPANY FORM 10-K" Section 3.7.3  "COMPANY INBOUND
LICENSE AGREEMENTS" Section 3.15.9  "COMPANY MATERIAL CONTRACT" Section
3.12  "COMPANY OUTBOUND LICENSE AGREEMENTS" Section 3.15.9  "COMPANY OWNED
COPYRIGHTS Section 3.15.4  "COMPANY PERMITS" Section 3.6  "COMPANY
REPRESENTATIVES" Section 5.3.1  "COMPANY SEC FILINGS" Section 3.7.1 
"COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS\' MEETING" Section 2.8.1  "COMPANY SUBSIDIARY" Section
3.1  "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" Section 5.3.2  "CONTINUING DIRECTOR"
Section 1.3.3  "DandO; INSURANCE" Section 5.9.2  "DGCL" Recitals  "DISSENTING
SHARES" Section 2.10  "EFFECTIVE TIME" Section 2.2  "ERISA" Section 3.10 
"EXCHANGE ACT" Section 1.1.1  "EXPIRATION DATE" Section 1.1.2    48  
"FOREIGN PLANS" Section 3.10.5  "MERGER" Recitals  "MERGER CONSIDERATION"
Section 2.6.1  "MINIMUM CONDITION" Annex I  "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" Section
3.10.3  "NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENTS" Recitals  "OFFER" Recitals  "OFFER
DOCUMENTS" Section 1.1.1  "OFFER PRICE" Recitals  "OPTION EXCHANGE RATIO"
Section 5.8.2  "PARENT" Preamble  "PARENT BENEFIT PLANS" Section 5.8.1 
"PARENT COMMON STOCK" section 5.8.2  "PARENT DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" Article 4 
"PARENT REPRESENTATIVES" Section 5.3.1  "PARENT SUBSIDIARY" Section 4.3.1 
"PAYING AGENT" Section 2.11.1  "PROXY STATEMENT" Section 2.8.1  "PURCHASER"
Preamble  "PURCHASER COMMON STOCK" Section 2.6.2  "RESTRICTED SHARES"
Section 5.8.4  "SCHEDULE 14D-9" Section 1.2.1  "SEC" Section 1.1.1 
"SECTION 16" Section 5.8.1  "SHARES" Recitals     49   "SUPPORT
AGREEMENTS" Recitals  "SURVIVING CORPORATION" Section 2.1  "TENDER OFFER
CONDITIONS" Section 1.1.1  "TOP-UP EXERCISE EVENT" Section 2.12.3  "TOP-UP
OPTION" Section 2.12.1  "TOP-UP OPTION SHARES" Section 2.12.1   Section 8.6
Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.   Section 8.7 Severability. If any term or other provision
of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any
rule of Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that transactions
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.   Section 8.8
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the Exhibits, Parent and
Company Disclosure Schedules and the other documents delivered pursuant
hereto), the Ancillary Agreements and the Confidentiality Agreement
constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede all
prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties,
or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except as
otherwise expressly provided herein, are not intended to confer upon any
other person any rights or remedies hereunder.   Section 8.9 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by
operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other
parties and any such purported assignment without such consent shall be void;
provided, however, that either Parent or the Purchaser (or both) may assign
its rights hereunder (including, without limitation, the right to make the
Offer to purchase Shares in the Offer) to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
or the Purchaser but nothing shall relieve the assignor from its obligations
hereunder.   Section 8.10 Parties in Interest. Subject to Section 8.9,
this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each
party hereto and their respective successors and assigns, and nothing in
this Agreement, express or implied, other than pursuant to Section 5.9, is
intended to or shall confer upon any other person any right, benefit or
remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.   
50   Section 8.11 Mutual Drafting. Each party hereto has participated in
the drafting of this Agreement, which each party acknowledges is the result
of extensive negotiations between the parties.   Section 8.12 Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Trial by Jury.   Section 8.12.1
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
Laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to laws that may be applicable
under conflicts of laws principles.   Section 8.12.2 Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its
property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any Delaware State court, or
federal court of the United States of America, sitting in Delaware, and any
appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of
or relating to this Agreement or the agreements delivered in connection
herewith or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or for
recognition or enforcement of any judgment relating thereto, and each of the
parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (A) agrees not to commence any
such action or proceeding except in such courts, (B) agrees that any claim in
respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such
Delaware State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal
court, (C) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do
so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue
of any such action or proceeding in any such Delaware State or federal court,
and (D) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any
such Delaware State or federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that
a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may
be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any
other manner provided by law. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably
consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section
8.3. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this
Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.   Section
8.12.3 EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY
ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE
AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND
HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH
WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
8.12.3.    51   Section 8.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an
original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement.    52   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, the Purchaser and the
Company have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.  
MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION   By: /s/ Gregory K. Hinckley 
------------------------------------  a duly authorized signatory   INDIANA
MERGER CORPORATION   By: /s/ Gregory K. Hinckley 
------------------------------------  a duly authorized signatory  
INNOVEDA, INC.   By: /s/ William J. Herman 
------------------------------------  a duly authorized signatory   ANNEX
I   Conditions to the Offer. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the
Offer, the Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject
to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC including Rule 14e-1(c)
promulgated under the Exchange Act, pay for any tendered Shares, and may
terminate or, subject to the terms of the Agreement, amend the Offer,
unless (i) there shall have been validly tendered and not validly withdrawn
immediately prior to the Expiration Date that number of Shares which
represents at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on a
fully diluted basis on the date of purchase (the "Minimum Condition") and
(ii) any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act or under any applicable
foreign statutes or regulations shall have expired or been terminated prior
to the Expiration Date. In addition, notwithstanding any other term of the
Offer or the Agreement, the Purchaser shall not be required to accept for
payment or, subject as aforesaid, pay for any tendered Shares, and may
terminate or, subject to the terms of the Agreement, amend the Offer, at any
time on or after the date of the Agreement and prior to the time of
acceptance for payment or payment for any Shares, if any of the following
events shall occur and be continuing and such event shall not have been
proximately caused by the breach of Parent or the Purchaser of any of their
obligations under the Agreement:   (A) there shall be any action taken, or
any statute,  rule, regulation, legislation, interpretation, judgment, order
or  injunction enacted, enforced, promulgated, amended, issued or deemed 
applicable to the Offer, by any legislative body, court, government or 
governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or agency,  domestic or
foreign, other than the application of the waiting period  provisions of the
HSR Act to the Offer or the Merger, that, in the  reasonable judgment of
Parent, would be expected to, directly or  indirectly: (i) make illegal or
otherwise prohibit or materially delay  consummation of the Offer or the
Merger or seek to obtain material  damages or make materially more costly the
making of the Offer, (ii)  prohibit or materially limit the ownership or
operation by Parent or  the Purchaser of all or any material portion of the
business or assets  of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a
whole or compel  Parent or the Purchaser to dispose of or hold separate all
or any  material portion of the business or assets of Parent, or of the
Company  and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or seek to impose
any  material limitation on the ability of Parent or the Purchaser to 
conduct its business or own such assets, (iii) impose material  limitations
on the ability of Parent or the Purchaser effectively to  acquire, hold or
exercise full rights of ownership of the Shares,  including without
limitation the right to vote any Shares acquired or  owned by the Purchaser
or Parent on all matters properly presented to  the Company\'s stockholders,
(iv) require divestiture by Parent or the  Purchaser of any Shares, (v)
result in a material diminution of the  value of the Shares or the benefits
expected to be derived by Parent as  a result of the Offer or the Agreement,
(vi) restrains or prohibits or  seeks to restrain or prohibit the performance
of any of the contracts  or other arrangements entered into by Parent or any
of its affiliates  in connection with the acquisition of the Company or
obtains or seeks  to obtain any material damages or otherwise directly or
indirectly  adversely affects the Offer in any material respect; or (vii)
result in  a Company Material Adverse Effect; or    Annex I-1   (B)
there shall be instituted or pending any action  or proceeding by any
Governmental Entity seeking, or that would  reasonably be expected to result
in, any of the consequences referred  to in clauses (i) through (vii) of
paragraph (A) above or by any third  party for which there is a substantial
likelihood of resulting in any  of the consequences referred to in clauses
(i) through (vii) of  paragraph (A) above; or   (C) any development or
change shall have occurred in  the business, assets, liabilities, condition
(financial or otherwise)  or results of operations of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary that  has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a
Company Material  Adverse Effect; or   (D) (i) the Company Board shall have
withdrawn or  adversely modified (including by amendment to the Schedule
14D-9), or  failed promptly upon Parent\'s request to reconfirm, its approval
or  recommendation of the Offer, the Merger or the Agreement; (ii) the 
Company Board shall have decided to recommend to the Company\'s  stockholders
that they approve an Acquisition Proposal other than the  Offer and the
Merger or shall have decided to accept a Superior  Proposal; (iii) a tender
offer or exchange offer that, if successful,  would result in any person or
group becoming a beneficial owner of 15%  or more of the outstanding Shares
is commenced (other than by Parent or  an affiliate of Parent) and the
Company Board fails to recommend that  the Company\'s stockholders not tender
their Shares in such tender or  exchange offer or (iv) any person (other than
Parent or an affiliate of  Parent) or group becomes the beneficial owner of
15% or more of the  outstanding Shares; or   (E) the Company, Parent and
the Purchaser shall have  reached an agreement that the Offer or the
Agreement be terminated, or  the Agreement shall have been terminated in
accordance with its terms;  or   (F) (i) any of the representations and
warranties of  the Company contained in the Agreement that are qualified by
reference  to a Company Material Adverse Effect shall not be true when made
or at  any time prior to the consummation of the Offer as if made at and as
of  such time (except for representations and warranties which speak as of 
a particular date, shall not be true as of such particular date), or  (ii)
any of the representations and warranties of the Company contained  in the
Agreement that are not so qualified shall not be true in all  material
respects when made or at any time prior to the consummation of  the Offer as
if made at and as of such time (except for representations  and warranties
which speak as of a particular date, shall not be true  as of such particular
date); or   (G) the Company shall have failed to perform in any  material
respect or to comply in any material respect with any of its  material
obligations, covenants or agreements under the Agreement or  any Ancillary
Agreement; or   (H) there shall have occurred, and continued to exist,  (i)
any general suspension of, or limitation on prices for, trading in 
securities on the New York Stock Exchange or on the over-the-counter  stock
market, as reported by the National Association of Securities  Dealers, Inc.
Automated Quotations System, (ii) any decline of   Annex I-2   at least
25% in either the Dow Jones Average of Industrial Stocks, the  Standard and
Poor\'s 500 Index or the Nasdaq National Market from the  close of business
on the last trading day immediately preceding the  date of the Agreement
through the Expiration Date, (iii) a commencement  of a war, armed
hostilities, acts of terrorism or other national or  international crisis
involving the United States or, in the case of any  of the foregoing existing
on the date of the Agreement, a material  acceleration or worsening thereof
in each case that could reasonably be  expected to have a material adverse
effect on the Company, Parent or  the consummation of the Offer, or (iv) a
declaration of a banking  moratorium or any suspension of payments in respect
of banks in the  United States or a material limitation (whether or not
mandatory) by  any Governmental Entity on the extension of credit by banks or
other  lending institutions; or   (I) (i) any required approval, permit,
authorization  or consent, with respect to the Company, the Companies
Subsidiaries or  the Company\'s business, of any other person or entity shall
not have  been obtained, the lack of which, individually or in the aggregate,
has  had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Company Material 
Adverse Effect or (ii) any required material approval, permit,  authorization
or consent of any Governmental Entity shall not have been  obtained on terms
satisfactory to Parent in its reasonable discretion.   The foregoing
conditions (including those set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of the initial
paragraph) are for the benefit of Parent and the Purchaser and may be
asserted by Parent or the Purchaser regardless of the circumstances giving
rise to any such conditions and may be waived by Parent or the Purchaser in
whole or in part at any time and from time to time in their sole discretion,
in each case subject to the terms of the Agreement. The failure by Parent or
the Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not
be deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right shall be deemed an
ongoing right which may be asserted at any time and from time to time.   The
capitalized terms used in this Annex I shall have the meanings set forth in
the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 23, 2002, by and among
Parent, the Purchaser and the Company.    Annex I-3     '

