MENT TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER     
EXHIBIT 10.1(b)   AMENDMENT  TO  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This
AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Amendment"), dated as of
October 6, 2000, is entered into by and among NCR CORPORATION, a Maryland
corporation ("Parent"), NCR MERGER SUB PARENT, INC., a Delaware corporation
("Merger Sub Parent"), NCR MERGER SUB INC., a Delaware corporation ("Merger
Sub"), and 4FRONT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company").   RECITALS  --------   WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and
the Company are parties to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of August 2, 2000, by and among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company (the
"Agreement"); and   WHEREAS, Merger Sub is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Merger Sub Parent and Merger Sub Parent is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent; and   WHEREAS, the Parent, Merger Sub and the Company wish to amend
the Agreement pursuant to Section 9.5 thereof in order to, among other
things, make Merger Sub Parent a party thereto;   AGREEMENT  ---------  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants
herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:  1.
DEFINITIONS  -----------   1.1. Unless otherwise defined herein, all
capitalized terms used herein  and defined in the Agreement shall have the
meaning ascribed to such  terms in the Agreement.  2. AMENDMENT OF
AGREEMENT  ----------------------   2.1. The Agreement shall be amended as
follows:   (a) The definition of "Parties" in Section 1.1 of the Agreement 
shall be deleted and replaced with the following text:   "Parties" shall
mean Parent, Merger Sub Parent, Merger Sub and  the Company.   (b) The
following definition shall be added to Section 1.1 of the  Agreement:  
"Merger Sub Parent" shall mean NCR Merger Sub Parent, Inc., a  Delaware
corporation.   (c) Article II of the Agreement shall be renamed "MERGER SUB
PARENT  AND MERGER SUB".   (d) Section 2.1 of the Agreement shall be
deleted in its entirety  and replaced with the following text:   (a)
Organization of Merger Sub. Parent has organized Merger  Sub for the sole
purpose of effectuating the Merger  contemplated herein. The authorized
capital stock of Merger  Sub consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, par
value  $0.01 per share, all of which shares were issued to Parent  at a
price of $1.00 per share and subsequently transferred  by Parent to Merger
Sub Parent in exchange     for 1,000 shares of common stock, par value
$0.01 per share  of Merger Sub Parent.   (b) Organization of Merger Sub
Parent. Parent has  organized Merger Sub Parent for the sole purpose of 
effectuating the Merger contemplated herein. The authorized  capital stock of
Merger Sub Parent consists of 1,000 shares  of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, all of which  shares have been issued to Parent in exchange for
1,000  shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share of Merger  Sub.  
(e) Article V of the Agreement shall be renamed "REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES OF PARENT, MERGER SUB PARENT AND MERGER SUB".   (f) The
introductory sentence of Article V of the Agreement shall be  deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following text:   Parent, Merger Sub Parent
and Merger Sub hereby represent and  warrant to the Company as follows:  
(g) Section 5.1 of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety  and
replaced with the following text:   5.1 Organization and Qualification. Each
of Parent, Merger Sub  Parent and Merger Sub (I) is a corporation duly
organized,  validly existing and, to the extent applicable, in good 
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of  incorporation; (ii) has all
requisite corporate power and  authority to own, lease and operate its
properties and to  carry on its business as now being conducted; and (iii)
is  duly qualified or licensed to do business and, to the  extent
applicable, is in good standing, in each  jurisdiction in which the
properties owned, leased or  operated by it or the nature of its activities
makes such  qualification necessary, except in such jurisdictions where  the
failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good  standing has not had
and is not reasonably likely to have,  either individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse  Effect on Parent, Merger Sub Parent or Merger
Sub,  respectively.   (h) Section 5.3 of the Agreement shall be deleted in
its entirety  and replaced with the following text:   5.3 Authorization and
Validity of Agreement with respect to  Merger Sub Parent and Merger Sub. Each
of Merger Sub Parent  and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and 
authority to enter into this Agreement and has all  requisite corporate power
and authority to perform its  respective obligations hereunder and to
consummate the  transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery 
and performance by each of Merger Sub Parent and Merger Sub  of this
Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub Parent  and Merger Sub of the
transactions contemplated hereby have  been duly and validly authorized by
all necessary corporate  action on the part of Merger Sub Parent and Merger
Sub.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each  of Merger
Sub Parent and Merger Sub and is a legal, valid  and binding obligation of
each of Merger Sub Parent and  Merger Sub, enforceable against each of Merger
Sub Parent  and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms (except insofar  as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws  affecting creditors\' rights
generally, or by principles  governing the availability of equitable
remedies).     (i) Section 5.4 of the Agreement shall be deleted in its
entirety  and replaced with the following text:   5.4 No Conflict with
Instruments. The execution and delivery by  Parent, Merger Sub Parent and
Merger Sub of this Agreement  do not, and the performance by Parent, Merger
Sub Parent  and Merger Sub of their respective obligations hereunder,  and
the consummation by Parent, Merger Sub Parent and  Merger Sub of the Merger
and the other transactions  contemplated herein will not, conflict with or
violate the  charter or bylaws of Parent, Merger Sub Parent or Merger  Sub
or the charter or bylaws of any corporate Subsidiary of  Parent or the
partnership agreement of any partnership  Subsidiary of Parent.   (j)
Section 5.5 of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety  and replaced
with the following text:   5.5 No Prior Activities of Merger Sub Parent or
Merger Sub.  Merger Sub Parent and Merger Sub were formed by Parent  solely
for the purpose of engaging in the transactions  contemplated hereby, and
have engaged in no other business  activities and have conducted their
operations only as  contemplated hereby.   (k) Section 5.6 of the Agreement
shall be deleted in its entirety  and replaced with the following text:  
5.6 Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or  to be supplied
by Parent, Merger Sub Parent or Merger Sub  for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in any  documents filed or to be filed with the Commission or any 
other Governmental Entity in connection with the  transactions contemplated
hereby, including the Proxy  Statement, will, at the respective times such
documents are  filed (and also in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the 
date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the Company\'s  stockholders or
at the time of the Company Stockholder  Meeting (as hereinafter defined)),
contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material  fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to  make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances  under which they are
made, not misleading (or necessary to  correct any statement in any earlier
communication), except  that no representation is made by Parent, Merger Sub
Parent  or Merger Sub with respect to information supplied by the  Company
in writing specifically for inclusion or  incorporation by reference
therein.   (l) Section 5.7 of the Agreement shall be deleted in its
entirety  and replaced with the following text:   5.7 Brokers. No broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or  other Person is entitled to any
broker\'s, finder\'s,  financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or
commission in  connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of  Parent, Merger Sub
Parent or Merger Sub, and Parent agrees  to indemnify and hold the Company
harmless from and against  any and all claims, liabilities or obligations
with respect  to any other such fees, commissions, expenses or claims for 
indemnification or contribution asserted by any Person.   (m) Section 5.9 of
the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety  and replaced with the
following text:   5.9 Ownership of Company Capital Stock. Neither Parent,
Merger  Sub Parent nor Merger Sub is, nor at any time during the  last three
years has it been, an "interested stockholder"  of the Company as defined in
Section 203 of the DGCL (other  than as contemplated by this Agreement).
Neither Parent,  Merger Sub Parent nor Merger Sub owns (directly or 
indirectly, beneficially or of record) or is a party to any  agreement,
arrangement or understanding for the purpose of      acquiring, holding,
voting or disposing of, in each case,  any shares of capital stock of the
Company (other than as  contemplated by this Agreement).   (n) Section 5.10
of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety  and replaced with the
following text:   5.10 Legal Proceedings. There is no (i) suit, action or 
proceeding pending of which Parent, Merger Sub Parent,  Merger Sub, or any of
Parent\'s Subsidiaries have received  notice or, to the knowledge of Parent,
Merger Sub Parent  or Merger Sub, any investigation pending or any suit, 
action, proceeding or investigation threatened, against  Parent, Merger Sub
Parent, Merger Sub, or any Subsidiary  of Parent which seeks to restrain,
enjoin or delay the  consummation of the Merger or any of the other 
transactions contemplated hereby or which seeks damages in  connection
therewith; or (ii) Injunction of any type  referred to in Section 7.1(c) of
which Parent, Merger Sub  Parent, Merger Sub, or any of Parent\'s
Subsidiaries has  received notice which has been entered or issued and is
in  effect.   (o) Article V of the Agreement shall be amended by adding
the  following text as Section 5.12:   5.12 Effect of Amendment to
Agreement and Plan of Merger. The  addition of NCR Merger Sub Parent as a
Party to the  Agreement as contemplated by this Amendment shall not  reduce
the Per Share Amount, cause any material delay in  the consummation of the
Merger, or subject the Company\'s  stockholders, generally, or any class of
such  stockholders, generally, to additional tax liabilities  that are
primarily attributable to the Merger and the  addition of Merger Sub Parent
as a party to the Agreement.   (p) The second sentence of Section 6.1(a) of
the Agreement shall be  amended by adding the words "Merger Sub Parent" after
the phrase  "in any manner adverse to Parent."   (q) The first sentence of
Section 6.7 of the Agreement shall be  amended by replacing the phrase "Each
of the Company, Parent and  Merger Sub" with "Each of the Company, Parent,
Merger Sub Parent  and Merger Sub".   (r) Section 6.7(a)(iii) shall be
deleted in its entirety and  replaced with the following text: (iii) using
commercially  reasonable efforts to obtain all necessary consents,
approvals,  waivers, licenses, permits, authorizations, registrations, 
qualifications, or other permission or action by, and giving all  necessary
notices to and making all necessary filings with and  applications and
submissions to, any Governmental Entity or  other Person required to be
obtained or made by Parent, Merger  Sub Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or
any of their Subsidiaries  in connection with the Merger or the taking of any
action  contemplated thereby or by this Agreement or the Option 
Agreement;   (s) Section 6.7(b) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its
entirety  and replaced with the following text:   (b) In its capacity as
the sole stockholder of Merger Sub  Parent, Parent will cause Merger Sub
Parent to approve and  adopt this Agreement and to take all corporate
action  necessary on its part to consummate the transactions  contemplated
hereby and Merger Sub Parent\'s obligations  under this Agreement. In its
capacity as the sole  stockholder of Merger Sub, Merger Sub Parent will
cause  Merger Sub to approve and adopt this Agreement and to take  all
corporate action necessary on its part to consummate  the transactions
contemplated hereby and Merger Sub\'s  obligations under this Agreement.
Except as contemplated by  this Agreement, Merger Sub Parent and Merger Sub
will not  conduct any other business, and will have no other assets  or
liabilities.     (t) Section 6.7(d) of the Agreement shall be amended by
inserting  the text ", Merger Sub Parent" after the phrase "(ii) any 
failure of the Company, Parent".   (u) Section 6.8(b) of the Agreement shall
be amended by inserting  the text ", Merger Sub Parent" after the following
two phrases:  (i) "oppose the Merger and will cooperate with Parent" and
(ii)  "that failing so to cooperate with such third party or  cooperating
with Parent".   (v) The second sentence of Section 6.9(a) of the Agreement
shall be  amended by replacing the phrase "Parent and Merger Sub agree  that
all rights" with "Parent, Merger Sub Parent and Merger Sub  agree that all
rights".   (w) Section 6.9(e) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its
entirety  and shall be replaced with the following text:   (e) This Section
6.9 shall survive consummation of the  Merger and is intended to benefit the
Indemnified  Employees, and shall be enforceable by each Indemnified 
Employee, as well as his or her representatives, and shall  be binding on all
successors and assigns of Parent, Merger  Sub Parent, Merger Sub, and the
Surviving Entity.   (x) Section 7.2 of the Agreement shall be amended by
inserting the  words ", Merger Sub Parent" after the phrase "The obligation
of  Parent".   (y) The first sentence of Section 7.3(a) of the Agreement
shall be  amended by inserting the text ", Merger Sub Parent" after the 
phrase "The representations and warranties of Parent".   (z) Section 7.3(b)
of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety  and shall be replaced with
the following text:   (b) Covenants. Parent, Merger Sub Parent and Merger
Sub  shall have performed in all material respects all  obligations, and
shall have complied in all material  respects with all agreements and
covenants, to be performed  or complied with by them, respectively, under
this  Agreement, and the Company shall have received an omnibus  certificate
of the appropriate officers of Parent, Merger  Sub Parent and Merger Sub to
such effect.   (aa) Section 8.1(a) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its
entirety  and shall be replaced with the following text:   (a) By mutual
written consent duly authorized by the  boards of directors of Parent, Merger
Sub Parent, Merger  Sub and the Company prior to the Effective Time; or  
(bb) Section 8.1(i) of the Agreement shall be amended by inserting  the words
", Merger Sub Parent" after the phrase "By the  Company, if Parent".   (cc)
Section 8.2(b) of the Agreement shall be amended by inserting  the words ",
Merger Sub Parent" after the phrase "and other  Persons and assumed by
Parent".   (dd) The first sentence of Section 9.1 of the Agreement shall
be  amended by inserting the words ", Merger Sub Parent" after the  phrase
"The respective representations and warranties of  Parent,".   (ee) Section
9.2(a) of the Agreement shall be amended by replacing  the phrase "If to
Parent or Merger Sub" with "If to Parent,  Merger Sub Parent or Merger
Sub".     (ff) Section 9.3 of the Agreement shall be deleted in it
entirety and  replaced with the following text:   9.3 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, as amended by that  certain Amendment to Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as  of October 6, 2000, by and among the Parties,
(including  the Exhibits and other documents referred to herein) 
constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and  supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, oral  and written among the Parties with
respect to the subject  matter hereof.   (gg) Exhibit A of the Agreement
shall be deleted in its entirety and  replaced with the form of Certificate
of Merger attached to this  Amendment as Exhibit A.   2.2. Except as
amended hereby, the Parties ratify and confirm the terms of  the
Agreement.  3. COUNTERPARTS  ------------   3.1. This Amendment may be
executed in multiple counterparts, each of  which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall  constitute one and the same
instrument.    [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]   IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first
above written.   NCR CORPORATION    By: /s/ Paul H. Thurman 
------------------------------------  Paul H. Thurman  Vice President,
Business Development,  Quality and Support   NCR MERGER SUB PARENT,
INC.    By: /s/ Paul H. Thurman  ------------------------------------ 
Paul H. Thurman  Vice President   NCR MERGER SUB INC.    By: /s/ Paul H.
Thurman  ------------------------------------  Paul H. Thurman  Vice
President    4FRONT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    By: /s/ Anil J. Doshi 
------------------------------------  Anil J. Doshi  Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer     '

