 EX-2.1 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    
EXHIBIT 2.1   EXECUTION COPY   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND
AMONG   FAITH MEDIA HOLDINGS, LLC,   FM MERGERCO, INC.   AND   THOMAS
NELSON, INC.   DATED FEBRUARY 20, 2006     TABLE OF CONTENTS    
Page  ----  ~~  ARTICLE I. THE MERGER
................................................... 2  Section 1.1. The
Merger ............................................. 2  Section 1.2. Closing
................................................ 2  Section 1.3. Effective
Time ......................................... 2  Section 1.4. Effects of the
Merger .................................. 2  Section 1.5. Charter and Bylaws
..................................... 2  Section 1.6. Directors and Officers
................................. 2  ARTICLE II. EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON
CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS
............................................................ 3  Section 2.1.
Effect on Capital Stock ................................ 3  Section 2.2.
Treatment of Options and Other Equity Awards ........... 3  Section 2.3.
Adjustment of Merger Consideration and Option  Consideration
.......................................... 4  Section 2.4. Payment and
Exchange of Certificates; Payment for  Options
................................................ 5  ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY .............. 7  Section 3.1.
Organization, Standing and Corporate Power ............. 7  Section 3.2.
Subsidiaries ........................................... 7  Section 3.3.
Capital Structure ...................................... 8  Section 3.4.
Authority .............................................. 9  Section 3.5. Non-
Contravention; Consents and Approvals .............. 9  Section 3.6. SEC
Reports and Financial Statements; Internal  Controls
............................................... 10  Section 3.7. No
Undisclosed Liabilities ............................. 11  Section 3.8.
Material Contracts; Royalty Agreements ................. 12  Section 3.9.
Compliance with Applicable Laws ........................ 14  Section 3.10.
Employment Agreements and Benefit Plans ................ 14  Section 3.11.
Taxes .................................................. 16  Section 3.12.
Environmental Matters .................................. 17  Section 3.13.
Labor Matters .......................................... 18  Section 3.14.
Intellectual Property .................................. 18  Section 3.15.
Absence of Certain Changes or Events ................... 19  Section 3.16.
Brokers ................................................ 19  Section 3.17.
Absence of Litigation .................................. 19  Section 3.18.
Insurance .............................................. 19  Section 3.19.
Real Property .......................................... 20  Section 3.20.
Affiliate Transactions ................................. 20  Section 3.21.
Vote Required .......................................... 20  Section 3.22.
Opinion of Company Financial Advisor ................... 21  Section 3.23.
Information Supplied ................................... 21  Section 3.24.
TBCA ................................................... 21  Section 3.25. No
Other Representations or Warranties ................. 21     i     
~~  ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB .....
22  Section 4.1. Organization and Standing ..............................
22  Section 4.2. Authority ..............................................
22  Section 4.3. Non-Contravention; Consents and Approvals ..............
22  Section 4.4. Financing ..............................................
23  Section 4.5. Brokers ................................................
23  Section 4.6. Merger Sub. ............................................
23  Section 4.7. Company Stock ..........................................
23  Section 4.8. Litigation .............................................
23  Section 4.9. No Parent Vote Required ................................
24  Section 4.10. Solvency of the Surviving Corporation ..................
24  ARTICLE V. COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES
..................................... 24  Section 5.1. Conduct of Business
.................................... 24  Section 5.2. No Solicitation by the
Company ......................... 27  Section 5.3. Securities Law Filings;
Shareholders\' Meeting;  Preparation of Proxy Statement
......................... 29  Section 5.4. Access to Information;
Confidentiality ................. 30  Section 5.5. Commercially Reasonable
Efforts; HSR Act ............... 31  Section 5.6. Financing
.............................................. 32  Section 5.7. Delisting
.............................................. 33  Section 5.8.
Indemnification ........................................ 33  Section 5.9.
Public Announcements ................................... 35  Section 5.10.
Shareholder Litigation ................................. 35  Section 5.11.
Employee Benefit Matters ............................... 35  Section 5.12.
Notice and Cure ........................................ 36  Section 5.13.
Fulfillment of Conditions .............................. 36  Section 5.14.
Further Assurances ..................................... 37  Section 5.15.
Undertakings of Parent ................................. 37  ARTICLE VI.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT ........................................ 37  Section
6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the  Merger
................................................. 37  Section 6.2. Conditions
to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. .... 37  Section 6.3. Conditions to
Obligations of the Company ............... 38  Section 6.4. Frustration of
Closing Conditions ...................... 39  ARTICLE VII. TERMINATION
................................................ 39  Section 7.1. Termination
............................................ 39  Section 7.2. Effect of
Termination .................................. 40  Section 7.3. Fees and
Expenses ...................................... 41  ARTICLE VIII. GENERAL
PROVISIONS ........................................ 42  Section 8.1. Non-
survival of Representations and Warranties ......... 42  Section 8.2. Notices
................................................ 42  Section 8.3.
Interpretation ......................................... 43  Section 8.4.
Counterparts ........................................... 43  Section 8.5.
Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries ......... 43    
ii      ~~   Section 8.6. Governing Law
.......................................... 43  Section 8.7. Assignment
............................................. 44  Section 8.8. Consent to
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial .......... 44  Section 8.9. Specific
Enforcement ................................... 44  Section 8.10. Amendment
.............................................. 44  Section 8.11. Extension;
Waiver ...................................... 45  Section 8.12. Severability
........................................... 45    INDEX OF APPENDICES AND
EXHIBITS  APPENDIX I Definitions EXHIBIT A Charter of Surviving
Corporation EXHIBIT B Bylaws of Surviving Corporation    iii   
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
"Agreement"), dated as of February 20, 2006, by and among Faith Media
Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Parent"), FM Mergerco,
Inc., a Tennessee corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
("Merger Sub"), and Thomas Nelson, Inc., a Tennessee corporation (the
"Company"). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth
in Appendix I annexed hereto.   RECITALS:   WHEREAS, the parties desire
that Parent acquire the Company by means of a merger of Merger Sub with and
into the Company, whereby the Company is the surviving entity, existing as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Merger");   WHEREAS, a special
committee comprised solely of independent directors (the "Special Committee")
of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Company Board") has
recommended to the Company Board that it approve the Merger, in accordance
with the TBCA and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS,
each of the Special Committee and the Company Board has (i) determined that
it is in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders, and declared
it advisable for the Company, to enter into this Agreement with Parent and
Merger Sub providing for the Merger, (ii) approved this Agreement
in accordance with the TBCA, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein, and (iii) recommended adoption of this Agreement by the
Shareholders;   WHEREAS, Sam Z. Moore and certain other Shareholders
(collectively, the "Principal Shareholders") have entered into a Voting
Agreement, dated the date hereof (the "Voting Agreement"), with Parent,
Merger Sub and the Company pursuant to which the Principal Shareholders have
agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of the Voting Agreement, to vote
in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and to take, or refrain from
taking, certain other actions; and   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of
Parent and the Board of Directors of Merger Sub have unanimously approved,
and the Board of Directors of Merger Sub has declared it advisable for Merger
Sub to enter into, this Agreement providing for the Merger in accordance with
the TBCA, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
AGREEMENT:   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company hereby agree as
follows:    1     ARTICLE I.  THE MERGER   Section 1.1. The Merger.
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and
in accordance with the TBCA, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the
Company at the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub
will thereupon cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent.   Section 1.2. Closing. The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place at a time and on a date to be specified by the
parties, which is to be no later than the second (2nd) Business Day after
satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by applicable Law) of the
conditions set forth in Article VI of this Agreement (excluding conditions
that, by their terms, cannot be satisfied until the Closing Date, but subject
to the fulfillment or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, waiver of
those conditions), unless another time or date is agreed to by the parties to
this Agreement. The Closing will be held at the offices of Sherrard and Roe,
PLC, 424 Church Street, Suite 2000, Nashville, Tennessee 37219, or such other
location to which the parties to this Agreement agree in writing.   Section
1.3. Effective Time. On the Closing Date, the parties shall cause the Merger
to be consummated by filing articles of merger (the "Articles of Merger")
with the Secretary of State of the State of Tennessee, in such form as is
required by, and executed in accordance with, the relevant provisions of
the TBCA and the terms of this Agreement, and the parties shall make all
other filings or recordings required under the TBCA in connection with the
Merger. The Merger will become effective at such time as the Articles of
Merger are duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Tennessee
on the Closing Date, or at such subsequent date or time as the Company and
Parent agree and specify in the Articles of Merger.   Section 1.4. Effects
of the Merger. The Merger will have the effects set forth in the TBCA.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of the Company and Merger Sub will be vested in the Surviving Corporation,
all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub will become
the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation, and all the
capital stock of Merger Sub and all the Company Capital Stock shall
be converted or cancelled in the manner provided in Article II.   Section
1.5. Charter and Bylaws. At the Effective Time, the charter of the Company
shall be amended and restated so as to read in its entirety in the
form annexed hereto as Exhibit A and, as so amended, shall be the charter of
the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended in accordance with its
terms and applicable Law. At the Effective Time, the bylaws of the Company
shall be amended and restated so as to read in its entirety in the form
annexed hereto as Exhibit B and, as so amended, shall be the bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended in accordance with their
terms, the charter of the Surviving Corporation and applicable Law.  
Section 1.6. Directors and Officers. The directors of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall submit their resignations to be effective
as of the Effective Time.    2    Immediately after the Effective Time,
the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance
with the charter and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. The officers of the
Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation, each to hold office until the earlier of his or her
resignation or removal.   ARTICLE II.  EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL
STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS   Section 2.1. Effect on Capital
Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders of any of the
following securities:   (a) Each share of Company Capital Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time ("Shares") (other than
any Excluded Shares) shall be converted into and exchanged for the right to
receive $29.85 in cash, without interest (the "Per Share Merger
Consideration"). Shares converted in accordance with this paragraph shall no
longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and retired and
shall cease to exist.   (b) Each Share held in the treasury of the Company,
or owned by Parent, Merger Sub or owned by any wholly owned direct or
indirect Subsidiary of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, in each case
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall automatically be cancelled and
retired and shall cease to exist without any conversion thereof and no
consideration shall be paid with respect thereto (the "Excluded Shares").  
(c) Each share of common stock of Merger Sub issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
and become one (1) fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock of the
Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.2. Treatment of Options and Other Equity
Awards. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all action
(including obtaining any consents required to take any of the actions
described in this Section 2.2) necessary with respect to the Company\'s Stock
Plans such that:   (a) As of the Effective Time, each option (an "Option")
granted by the Company to purchase shares of Company Capital Stock that is
outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall become fully
vested and exercisable (whether or not then vested or subject to any
performance condition that has not been satisfied). At the Effective Time,
each Option not theretofore exercised shall be converted into the right to
receive, upon the exercise thereof and payment of the applicable exercise
price, an amount of cash, without interest, equal to the Per Share Merger
Consideration multiplied by each share of Company Capital Stock subject to
such Option so exercised, less applicable Taxes, if any, required to be
withheld with respect to such payment. Unless so exercised at the Effective
Time, each outstanding Option so converted shall, immediately following the
Effective Time, be cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the
product of (x) the total number of shares of Company Capital Stock subject to
such Option multiplied by (y) the excess, if any, of the Per   
3    Share Merger Consideration over the applicable per share exercise
price (with the aggregate amount of such payment to the holder to be rounded
to the nearest cent) (the "Option Consideration"), less applicable Taxes, if
any, required to be withheld with respect to such payment. Each Option with a
per share exercise price in excess of the Per Share Merger Consideration
shall be cancelled without payment to the holder thereof.   (b) As of the
Effective Time, each outstanding share of Company Capital Stock granted under
any of the Stock Plans that are subject to restrictions (each, a share of
"Restricted Stock") which have not lapsed immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall become fully vested and become free of all restrictions and shall
be converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration
under Section 2.1(a).   (c) As of the Effective Time, each outstanding right
to receive Company Capital Stock pursuant to a stock unit award or deferred
stock award under any of the Stock Plans (each a "Stock Unit") that is
outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not
vested, shall be cancelled and the holder thereof shall be entitled to
receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the Per Share Merger
Consideration for each share of Company Capital Stock such holder would have
been entitled to under such stock unit award or deferred stock award, less
applicable Taxes, if any, required to be withheld with respect to such
payment.   (d) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take or cause
to be taken all actions necessary to effectuate the foregoing treatment in
this Section 2.2 to the extent such treatment is not expressly provided for
by the terms of the applicable Stock Plans and related award agreements.
Without Parent\'s consent, the Company may not pay or transfer any
consideration to obtain consent to any of the actions described in this
Section 2.2.   (e) The Company shall take such actions as are reasonably
requested by Parent to ensure, as of immediately after the Effective Time,
that no rights to acquire equity in the Company or any Company Subsidiary
granted under Stock Plans exist or remain outstanding.   Section 2.3.
Adjustment of Merger Consideration and Option Consideration. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if, between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time, the issued and outstanding Shares shall
have been changed into a different number of shares or a different class by
reason of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend, reclassification, redenomination, recapitalization, split-up,
combination, exchange of shares or other similar transaction, the Per Share
Merger Consideration, Option Consideration and any other dependent items
shall be appropriately adjusted to provide to the holders of Company Capital
Stock and Options the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement
prior to such action and as so adjusted shall, from and after the date of
such event, be the Per Share Merger Consideration, Option Consideration or
other dependent item, subject to further adjustment in accordance with this
sentence. Notwithstanding the terms of this Section 2.3, the Company shall at
all times from and after the date of this Agreement to the earlier of the
Effective Time and termination of this Agreement comply with the provisions
of Section 5.1 hereof.    4     Section 2.4. Payment and Exchange of
Certificates; Payment for Options.   (a) Following the date of this
Agreement and in any event not less than three (3) Business Days prior to the
mailing of the Proxy Statement to the Shareholders, Parent or Merger Sub
shall designate a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company
to act as paying agent in connection with the Merger (the "Paying Agent"). At
or prior to the Effective Time, Parent will provide to, or cause the
Surviving Corporation to provide to, and shall deposit in trust with, the
Paying Agent, in accordance with an agreement to be entered into between the
Paying Agent and Parent reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
Parent and the Company, the aggregate consideration to which the Shareholders
and holders of Options of the Company become entitled under this Article II.
Until used for that purpose, the funds shall be invested by the Paying Agent,
as directed by Parent or the Surviving Corporation, in obligations of or
guaranteed by the United States of America or obligations of an agency of the
United States of America which are backed by the full faith and credit of the
United States of America, in commercial paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or
better by Moody\'s Investors Services Inc. or Standard and Poor\'s
Corporation, or in deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or banker\'s
acceptances of, repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements with, or
Eurodollar time deposits purchased from, commercial banks, each of which has
capital, surplus and undivided profits aggregating more than $500 million
(based on the most recent financial statements of the banks which are then
publicly available); provided that no such investment or losses thereon shall
affect the Per Share Merger Consideration or Option Consideration payable to
former Shareholders or holders of Options of the Company, and, in the event
that the net amount of such investments or losses result in such funds being
less than the aggregate amount required to be paid to former holders of
Company Capital Stock and/or Options, Parent shall promptly provide, or shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to promptly provide, additional funds to the
Paying Agent in the net amount of any such losses. Any interest or other
earnings resulting from such investments shall be promptly paid to
Parent.   (b) Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each Person who was a record holder
of Company Capital Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time, whose
shares were converted pursuant to this Article II into the right to receive
the Per Share Merger Consideration, (i) a form of letter of transmittal for
use in effecting the surrender of stock certificates which immediately prior
to the Effective Time represented Company Capital Stock (each, a
"Certificate") in order to receive payment of the Per Share Merger
Consideration (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss and title to the Certificate shall pass, only upon actual delivery of
the Certificates to the Paying Agent, and shall otherwise be in customary
form) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the
Certificates in exchange for payment of the Per Share Merger Consideration.
When the Paying Agent receives a Certificate, together with a properly
completed and executed letter of transmittal and any other required
documents, the Paying Agent shall pay to the holder of the Shares formerly
represented by the Certificate, or as otherwise directed in the letter of
transmittal, the Per Share Merger Consideration with regard to each
Share formerly represented by such Certificate, less any required
withholdings in accordance with Section 2.4(d) below, and the Certificate
shall be cancelled. No interest shall be paid or accrued on the Per Share
Merger Consideration payable upon the surrender of Certificates. If payment
is to be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name a surrendered
Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition of payment that the
Certificate so surrendered must be properly endorsed or otherwise   
5    be in proper form for transfer, and the Person who surrenders the
Certificate must provide funds for payment of any transfer or other Taxes
required by reason of the payment to a Person other than the registered
holder of the surrendered Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of the
Surviving Corporation that the Tax has been paid or is not applicable. After
the Effective Time, a Certificate shall represent only the right to receive
the Per Share Merger Consideration in respect of the Shares formerly
represented by such Certificate, without any interest thereon.   (c)
Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the
Paying Agent to mail to each Person who holds Options immediately prior to
the Effective Time, whose Options were converted pursuant to this Article II
into the right to receive the Option Consideration, a form of letter of
transmittal and/or instruction letter for use in effecting the surrender
of Options in order to receive payment of the Option Consideration. When the
Paying Agent receives a properly completed and executed letter
of transmittal/instruction letter and any other required documents, the
Paying Agent shall pay to the holder of such Options the Option Consideration
with regard to each Option, less any required withholdings in accordance with
Section 2.4(d) below, and such Options shall be cancelled. No interest shall
be paid or accrued on the Option Consideration payable upon the surrender of
Options. After the Effective Time, any Option agreement shall represent only
the right to receive the Option Consideration in respect of the Options
formerly represented by such agreement, without any interest thereon.   (d)
The Paying Agent may withhold from the sum payable to any Person as a result
of the Merger, and pay to the appropriate Taxing Authorities, any amounts
which the Paying Agent or the Surviving Corporation may be required (or may
reasonably believe it is required) to withhold under the Code, or
any provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law. Any sum which is withheld
and paid to a Taxing Authority as permitted by this Section 2.4 will be
deemed to have been paid to the Person with regard to whom it is
withheld.   (e) In the event that any Certificate shall have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the holder\'s compliance with the replacement
requirements established by the Paying Agent, including, if necessary, the
posting by the holder of a bond in customary amount as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against the Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
Paying Agent with respect to the Certificate, the Paying Agent shall deliver
in exchange for the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the applicable Per
Share Merger Consideration payable in respect of the Shares formerly
represented by the Certificate pursuant to this Article II.   (f) At any
time which is more than one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the
Effective Time, Parent shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to
deliver to it any funds which had been deposited with the Paying Agent and
have not been disbursed in accordance with this Article II
(including, without limitation, interest and other income received by the
Paying Agent in respect of the funds made available to it), and after the
funds have been delivered to Parent pursuant to this Section 2.4(f), Persons
entitled to payment in accordance with this Article II shall be entitled to
look solely to Parent (subject to abandoned property, escheat or other
similar Laws) as general creditors for payment of the Per Share Merger
Consideration or Option Consideration, without any interest thereon. Any Per
Share Merger Consideration remaining unclaimed as of a date which is
immediately prior to such time as such amounts would, under applicable Law,
otherwise escheat to or become property of any government entity shall, to
the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the property of   
6    Parent free and clear of any Liens, claims or interest of any Person
previously entitled thereto. Neither the Surviving Corporation, Parent nor
the Paying Agent will be liable to any Person entitled to payment under this
Article II for any consideration which is delivered to a public official
pursuant to any abandoned property, escheat or similar Law or which becomes
the property of Parent pursuant to the preceding sentence.   (g) At the
Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and
thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers of Shares that
were outstanding prior to the Effective Time. After the Effective Time,
Certificates presented to the Surviving Corporation for transfer shall be
cancelled and exchanged for the Per Share Merger Consideration,
without interest, in respect of the Shares formerly represented thereby.  
(h) Except as otherwise provided herein, Parent shall pay all charges and
expenses, including those of the Paying Agent, in connection with
the exchange of the Per Share Merger Consideration for Certificates and the
payment of the Option Consideration.   ARTICLE III.  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   The Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent and Merger Sub as follows:   Section 3.1. Organization, Standing and
Corporate Power. The Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries is a
corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept)
under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the
requisite corporate or other power, as the case may be, and authority to
carry on its business as now being conducted as of the date of this
Agreement, except for any such failures to be in good standing that
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each of the Company
Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or
operation of its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary,
except for those jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or
licensed would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made
available to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement via the Data
Site complete and correct copies of its charter and bylaws and the analogous
constitutive and governing documents of the Company Subsidiaries, each as
amended to the date of this Agreement (the "Charter Documents"), and as so
made available are in full force and effect, and no other such documents are
binding upon the Company or any Company Subsidiary.   Section 3.2.
Subsidiaries. All outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity
interests in, each Subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the "Company
Subsidiaries" and, together with the Company, the "Company Entities") (i)
have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and (ii)
with respect to capital stock owned by the Company, are free and clear of all
Liens other than Permitted Liens. Except as set forth in Section 3.2 of the
disclosure schedules delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub prior
to the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedules"),
all outstanding shares of capital stock (or equivalent equity interests of
entities other than corporations) of each of the Company   
7    Subsidiaries are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the
Company. Section 3.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true
and complete list of each Company Subsidiary and its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization. Except for the Company Subsidiaries, the
Company does not own any capital stock of or other equity interest in, or any
interest convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any capital
stock of or other equity interest in, any other Person. None of the Company
Subsidiaries is, or has at any time been, subject to the reporting
requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) under the Exchange Act.   Section
3.3. Capital Structure.   (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company
consists of 20,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, 5,000,000 shares of
Company Class B Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of the Company preferred
stock, $1.00 par value per share ("Company Preferred Stock"). As of January
31, 2006, (i) 14,060,160 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and
outstanding, (ii) 948,728 shares of Company Class B Common Stock were issued
and outstanding, (iii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding, (iv) no shares of Company Capital Stock were held in the
Company\'s treasury, (v) 951,849 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
for issuance upon exercise of outstanding Options issued under the Stock
Plans, and (vi) 481,318 shares of Company Class B Stock were reserved for
issuance upon exercise of Options issued under the Stock Plans. Since such
date, there has been no change in the number of issued or outstanding shares
of Company Capital Stock or in the number of shares reserved for issuance,
other than the issuance of shares of Company Capital Stock upon the exercise
of Options issued under and in accordance with the Option Plans and
the conversion of Company Class B Stock to Company Common Stock. All of the
issued and outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. No
Company Subsidiary owns any shares of Company Capital Stock.   (b) Except
as set forth in Section 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedules and
referred to in Section 3.3(a) above, as of the date of this Agreement there
are not, and as of the Closing Date there will not be, (1) issued, reserved
for issuance or outstanding (i) any shares of capital stock or other voting
securities of the Company, (ii) any securities convertible into
or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or voting
securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or (iii) any warrants,
calls, options or other rights to acquire from the Company or any Company
Subsidiary any capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary and (2) any outstanding obligations of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to
be issued, delivered or sold, any capital stock, voting securities or
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock
or voting securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. Except for the
Stock Units granted pursuant to the Stock Plans (which Stock Units are set
forth in Section 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedules), there are no
outstanding obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Capital Stock or other
capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for capital stock or voting securities of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or Affiliate or to provide funds to make
any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in
any Company Subsidiary or any other Person, nor has the Company   
8    or any Company Subsidiary granted or agreed to grant to any Person
any stock appreciation rights or similar equity-based rights. Except as
permitted by this Agreement, following the Merger neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary nor the Surviving Corporation will have any obligation to
issue, transfer or sell any shares of its capital stock or other equity
interest pursuant to any employee benefit plan or otherwise. As of the date
of this Agreement, (i) 12,914,281 shares of common stock of Live Event
Management, Inc. were issued and outstanding and (ii) 130,000 shares of
common stock of Live Event Management, Inc. were reserved for issuance upon
exercise of options described in Section 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedules.   (c) There are no voting trusts or other agreements or
understandings to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party with
respect to the voting of the capital stock of or other equity interest in the
Company or any Company Subsidiary.   Section 3.4. Authority. The Company
has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and, subject to Shareholder Approval, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company, subject, in the case of the Merger, to
receipt of Shareholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent
conveyance or similar Laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and
subject to general equity principles. The Company Board has, by resolutions
duly adopted at a meeting duly called and held, (i) duly and validly approved
and declared advisable this Agreement, (ii) determined that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are advisable and in the best interests of the
Company and the Shareholders and (iii) recommended to the Shareholders that
they vote in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 3.5. Non-
Contravention; Consents and Approvals. Except as set forth in Section 3.5 of
the Company Disclosure Schedules:   (a) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will not,
(i) conflict with the Charter Documents of any of the Company Entities, (ii)
result in any breach, violation or default (with or without notice or lapse
of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
or creation or acceleration of any obligation or right of a third party or
loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of
the properties or assets of any of the Company Entities under, any Material
Contract, Significant Royalty Agreement or Lease or (iii) subject to the
governmental filings and other matters referred to in Section 3.5(b),
conflict with or violate any judgment, order, decree or Law applicable to any
of the Company Entities or their respective properties or assets, other than,
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, breaches,
violations, defaults, rights, losses or Liens that, individually or in the
aggregate, would not    9    reasonably be expected to have or result
in a Material Adverse Effect or materially adversely affect the ability of
the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (b) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, action by
or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Entity or any stock exchange is required by the Company in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company
or the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby,
except for: (i) the filing with the SEC of (A) the Proxy Statement, and (B)
such reports under Section 13(a) or 15(d) or such other applicable sections
of the Exchange Act, as may be required in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) the filing of the Articles of
Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Tennessee; (iii) the
filing of a premerger notification and report form by the Company under the
HSR Act; (iv) notifications to the NYSE; and (v) such other consents,
approvals, orders or authorizations the failure of which to be made or
obtained, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially adversely affect
the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   Section 3.6. SEC Reports and Financial Statements;
Internal Controls.   (a) The Company has filed all forms, reports,
statements and schedules and made all other filings with the SEC required to
be filed by it pursuant to the federal securities laws and the SEC rules and
regulations thereunder since April 1, 2003 (the "SEC Reports"). Each SEC
Report (i) as of its date, complied in all material respects with the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (ii) did not as
of the time it was filed contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were and will be made, not misleading.   (b) Since the enactment
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Company has been and is in compliance
in all material respects with (i) the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"Sarbanes-Oxley Act") and (ii) the applicable listing and corporate
governance rules and regulations of the NYSE.   (c) The Company has
designed, established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures (as
such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as required by
Rule 13a-15(a) under the Exchange Act to ensure, among other things, that
material information relating to the Company, including the Company
Subsidiaries, is made known to the chief executive officer and the chief
financial officer of the Company by others within those entities.   (d) The
Company has, based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date hereof,
made all required disclosures (if any) to the Company\'s auditors and the
audit committee of the Company Board regarding (i) any
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Company\'s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial    10    information and (ii) any fraud or allegation
of fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the Company\'s internal controls
over financial reporting. To the extent that there were any such disclosures,
such disclosures have been set forth in Section 3.6(d) of the Company
Disclosure Schedules. The Company and each Company Subsidiary currently
maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to comply with
all legal requirements applicable to financial reporting by the Company and
each Company Subsidiary.   (e) To the Company\'s Knowledge, there is no
reason to believe that its auditors and its chief executive officer and chief
financial officer will not be able to give the certifications and
attestations required pursuant to the rules and regulations adopted pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act when next due.   (f) Since the
enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has made any loan to, extended or maintained credit, or arranged
for or maintained an extension of credit to or for any executive officer (as
defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act) or director of the Company (an
"Insider Loan"). In addition, since the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
there has not been any material modification to any Insider Loan.   (g)
Except as set forth in Section 3.6(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedules or
otherwise stated in such financial statements, each of (i) the consolidated
balance sheets for each of the two fiscal years ended as of March 31, 2004
and March 31, 2005 and the consolidated balance sheet for the nine months
ended as of December 31, 2005 included in the SEC Reports (including
the related notes and schedules) were prepared from and in accordance with
the books and records of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and in
accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the past practices of
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and fairly present, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and (ii) the related
consolidated statements of income, cash flows, shareholders\' equity and
comprehensive income included in the SEC Reports (including any related notes
and schedules) were prepared from and in accordance with the books and
records of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and in accordance with
GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the past practices of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries throughout the periods covered and fairly present,
in all material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries for the periods indicated (subject, in
the case of the unaudited quarterly financial statements referenced in each
of clauses (i) and (ii), to normal recurring year-end audit adjustments, none
of which will be material, and the absence of full footnote disclosure).
Except as set forth in Section 3.6(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
each Company Subsidiary is treated as a consolidated subsidiary of the
Company in the financial statements for all periods covered thereby.  
Section 3.7. No Undisclosed Liabilities. Since December 31, 2005, neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has incurred any liabilities
or obligations of any nature required by GAAP, applied on a basis consistent
with the Most Recent Balance Sheet, to be reflected in a consolidated balance
sheet or the notes thereto, except liabilities that (i) are accrued or
reserved against in the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and each
Company    11    Subsidiary as of December 31, 2005 included in the SEC
Reports (the "Most Recent Balance Sheet") or are specifically set forth in
the notes thereto, (ii) were incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, (iii) are incurred pursuant to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (iv) would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.   Section 3.8. Material Contracts; Royalty Agreements. Except as set
forth in Section 3.8 of the Company Disclosure Schedules and except for
contracts filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K
of the SEC to the Company\'s SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this
Agreement:   (a) Except with respect to Royalty Agreements, as of the date
hereof, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to or bound
by any (collectively, the "Material Contracts"):   (i) contract that would
be required to be, but has not been,  filed by the Company as a material
contract pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of  Regulation S-K of the SEC;   (ii)
written contract containing covenants of the Company or any  Company
Subsidiary not to compete in any line of business, industry or  geographical
area;   (iii) written contract which creates a partnership, joint  venture,
strategic alliance or similar arrangement;   (iv) indenture, credit
agreement, loan agreement, security  agreement, guarantee, note, mortgage or
other evidence of indebtedness or  agreement providing for indebtedness
(whether or not drawn or outstanding)  in excess of $100,000, or any guaranty
thereof;   (v) any contract that by its terms provides for aggregate 
payments over the remaining term of such contract in excess of $250,000 per 
year or $500,000 in the aggregate;   (vi) any contract which cannot be
terminated on ninety (90)  calendar days\' notice without payment of any
penalty or other stated  obligation (excluding the particular goods or
services covered by the  contract) on the part of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary of more than  $100,000;   (vii) any other contract (other than
this Agreement and purchase  orders for the purchase of inventory consistent
with past practice and in  the ordinary course of business) under which the
Company and the Company  Subsidiaries have made payments in excess of
$1,000,000 within the last  three (3) years;   (viii) any contract (other
than Employment Agreements and Plans)  relating to employee compensation or
employment services, involving annual  payments    12     to the
employee in excess of $100,000, or relating to consulting services, 
involving annual payments to the consultant in excess of $250,000;   (ix)
any contract granting a purchase right, a right of first  refusal or similar
right with respect to any material asset of the Company  or a Company
Subsidiary;   (x) any contract with any shareholder who owns or controls 5%
or  more of the Company\'s voting stock; and   (xi) any contract requiring
capital expenditures after the date  hereof in an amount in excess of
$250,000.   (b) Set forth in Section 3.8(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedules is a list of the Royalty Agreements which, as of the date of this
Agreement, are in effect and constitute the ten (10) most significant royalty
relationships to which the Company is a party, based on the aggregate amount
of outstanding royalty advances and binding commitments for royalty advances
to any individual author or copyright proprietor (or group of authors or
copyright proprietors) with respect to a single work or single catalog of
works, exclusive of non-advanced royalties (collectively, the "Significant
Royalty Agreements").   (c) As of the date of this Agreement there is not,
and as of the Closing Date there will not be, any outstanding balance under
the Revolving Credit Agreement, and the Company is, and will be, in material
compliance with all covenants of the Revolving Credit Agreement.   (d)
Except as set forth in Section 3.8(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedules (i)
neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in material breach of or
material default under any Material Contract or Significant
Royalty Agreement, (ii) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has
received any written notice or claim of a material default under any Material
Contract or Significant Royalty Agreement or, except as would not reasonably
be expected to have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, any written notice of an intention to terminate any Material Contract
or Significant Royalty Agreement (including as a result of the execution and
performance of this Agreement), (iii) except as would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, each of the Material Contracts and Significant Royalty Agreements is
in full force and effect, and is the valid and binding and enforceable
obligation of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge
of the Company, each of the other parties thereto except as the enforcement
thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar Laws generally affecting the
rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles, and (iv) the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company,
each of the other parties thereto have performed in all material respects all
respective obligations required to be performed by them to date under the
Material Contracts and Significant Royalty Agreements and are not (with or
without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in material
breach or material default thereunder. The Company has made available to
Parent via the Data Site true and complete copies of each Material Contract
and Significant Royalty Agreements, including all amendments thereto.   
13     Section 3.9. Compliance with Applicable Laws. Except as set forth
in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries are not (and have not been since April 1, 2004) in
violation of any Law, and have not received any written notice of any
violation of Law, in each case except for any violation that is not having or
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have, and
are (and have been since April 1, 2004) in compliance with, all permits,
licenses, authorizations, exemptions, orders, consents, approvals and
franchises from Governmental Entities (each, a "Permit") required to conduct
their respective businesses as now being conducted, except for any such
Permit, the absence of, or the non-compliance, with which is not having or
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect. No suspension or cancellation of any material
Permits is pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened. The
Company and the Company Subsidiaries have received no written notice that
such entity is not in compliance in all material respects with the terms of
the applicable material Permits. This Section 3.9 does not apply to SEC
Reports or internal controls (for which Section 3.6 is applicable) employee
benefits matters (for which Section 3.10 is applicable), tax matters (for
which Section 3.11 is applicable), environmental matters (for which
Section 3.12 is applicable) or labor matters (for which Section 3.13 is
applicable).   Section 3.10. Employment Agreements and Benefit Plans. Except
as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedules:   (a)
Section 3.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and
complete list of (i) each "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3)
of ERISA and each other bonus, pension, profit sharing,
deferred compensation, retention, incentive compensation, equity-related,
stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement,
vacation, disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical insurance, life
insurance, welfare, severance or other employee benefit plan, agreement,
arrangement or understanding maintained by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary contributes or
is obligated to contribute or with respect to which the Company or any
Company Subsidiary has any actual or contingent liability, including each
Multiemployer Plan (collectively, the "Benefit Plans") and (ii) each
employment, consulting or change of control agreement providing benefits to
any current or former employee, officer or director of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party
or by which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is bound (collectively, the
"Employment Agreements"). The Company has made available to Parent via the
Data Site a true and correct copy of each Benefit Plan and Employment
Agreement (collectively, the "Employment Agreements and Plans"). Neither the
Company, any Company Subsidiary nor any entity required to be treated as a
single employer with the Company or any Company Subsidiary (an "ERISA
Affiliate"), has any actual or contingent or direct or secondary
material liability that could arise under Title IV of ERISA and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts that could give rise to any such
liability.   (b) No Benefit Plan is a (i) "defined benefit plan" within the
meaning of section 414(j) of the Code, or (ii) a Multiemployer Plan;   
14     (c) Except as specifically set forth in the SEC Reports filed prior
to the date hereof or as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has any liabilities or obligations
with respect to any Benefit Plan, whether accrued, contingent or otherwise,
nor to the Knowledge of the Company are any such liabilities or obligations
expected to be incurred;   (d) Each Employment Agreement and Plan is in
compliance with, and has been administered in accordance with, its terms and
all applicable Laws, including ERISA and the Code, except for any failures
that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to
have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Benefit Plan that is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a), 401(k) or 4975(e)(7) of the
Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS as to its
qualified status and no fact or event has occurred which is reasonably likely
to affect adversely the qualified status of any such Benefit Plan or the
exempt status of any related trust, except for any occurrence that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have or
result in a Material Adverse Effect. All trusts providing funding for Benefit
Plans that are intended to comply with Section 501(c)(9) of the Code are
exempt from federal income taxation and, together with any other welfare
benefit funds (as defined in Section 419(e)(1) of the Code) maintained in
connection with any of the Benefit Plans, have been operated and
administered in compliance with all applicable requirements, except where a
failure to comply with such requirements would not reasonably be expected to
have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.   (e) With respect to each
Benefit Plan, the Company has delivered or made available to Parent a true
and complete copy of: (i) each writing constituting a part of such Benefit
Plan, including all Benefit Plan documents and trust agreements; (ii) the
three (3) most recent Annual Reports (Form 5500 Series) and accompanying
schedules, if any; (iii) the most recent annual financial report, if any;
(iv) the most recent actuarial report, if any; (v) the most recent summary
plan description and any summaries of material modification, if any, (vi) the
most recent determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service, if any;
and (vii) the most recent calculations performed with respect to potential
"parachute payments" or "excess parachute payments" (each as defined pursuant
to Section 280G of the Code).   (f) There are no pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened material claims (other than claims for
benefits in the ordinary course), lawsuits, investigations or arbitrations
that (i) have been asserted or instituted against the Benefit Plans, any
fiduciaries thereof with respect to their duties to the Benefit Plans or the
assets of any of the trusts under any of the Benefit Plans or (ii) involve
any Employment Agreement.   (g) No benefit or payment under any Employment
Agreement and Plan, including, without limitation, any severance or parachute
payment plan or agreement, will be established or become accelerated, vested,
funded or payable by reason of any transaction contemplated under this
Agreement and no Employment Agreement and Plan provides for any additional
amounts to be paid with respect to any tax imposed under Section 4999 of the
Code.   (h) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary have incurred
any obligation to make (or possibly make) any payments that (A) will be non-
deductible under, or would otherwise constitute a "parachute payment"
within the meaning of, Section 280G of the    15   Code (or any
corresponding provision of state, local or foreign income Tax law) or (B) are
or may be subject to the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of
the Code.   (i) No Employment Agreement and Plan provides welfare coverage
that extends after the termination of employment other than for continued
coverage provided pursuant to the requirements of Section 4980B of the Code
or other similar provision of state law and each Employment Agreement and
Plan providing such coverage may be amended, modified or terminated after the
Effective Time without material cost or liability other than for claims for
expenses actually incurred prior to the date of such amendment, modification
or termination.   Section 3.11. Taxes.   (a) Except as set forth in
Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedules: (i) the Company and each
Company Subsidiary has filed all Tax Returns required to be filed, and all
such returns are complete and accurate, other than such Tax Returns, the
failure of which to file or the inaccuracy of which has not had or would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect; (ii) other than Taxes currently being contested in good
faith, the Company and each Company Subsidiary has paid all Taxes due, except
for Taxes as to which the Most Recent Balance Sheet reflects an adequate
reserve in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the past
practices of the Company (the "Tax Reserve") other than such Taxes,
the failure to pay or maintain an adequate reserve would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect; (iii) there are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets of the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries, other than Liens for Taxes not yet due or
Liens for Taxes as to which the Tax Reserve is adequate and except for Liens
that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries has any liability for Taxes of any Person (other than
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section
1.1502-6 (or any comparable provision of Law) or as a transferee or
successor, by contract, or otherwise, except for Taxes as to which the Tax
Reserve is adequate; (v) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a
party to any agreement relating to the allocation or sharing of Taxes; (vi)
no claim has been made in writing by any Taxing Authority in a jurisdiction
where the Company or any Company Subsidiary does not file Tax Returns that
the Company or such Company Subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by
such jurisdiction; (vii) the Company and each Company Subsidiary has withheld
and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in
connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent
contractor, creditor, shareholder or other third party, except for Taxes as
to which the Tax Reserve is adequate and except for any such failure
to withhold that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect; (viii) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has (A)
entered into a closing agreement or other similar agreement with a Taxing
Authority relating to Taxes of the Company or any Company Subsidiary with
respect to a taxable period for which the statute of limitations is still
open, or (B) except with respect to extensions attributable to the statute of
limitations in connection with sales and use Taxes and state income Taxes, in
either case for which the corresponding Tax Reserve is adequate, granted any
consent to extend any statute of limitations with respect to, or any
extension of a period for the assessment of, any Tax, in either case, that is
still outstanding; and (ix) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is
or has ever been a member of any affiliated, combined, consolidated,   
16    unitary or similar Tax group that included any member other than the
Company or a Company Subsidiary.   (b) All inter-company charges and
transactions between C. R. Gibson and the Company or any of its other
Subsidiaries that have been taken into account in determining whether the
stock of C. R. Gibson was a "worthless security" within the meaning of
Section 165(g) of the Code were (i) contemporaneously recorded in the
ordinary course of business in the Company\'s financial statements and (ii)
reflected at a later date in the general ledger of the Company and C. R.
Gibson in a manner consistent with the amounts so recorded in the financial
statements. All such charges reflect actual transactions, direct costs
incurred by the Company or its other Subsidiaries on behalf of C. R. Gibson
or reasonable allocations of corporate overhead costs or other
similar charges consistently applied in all material respects over all
periods. Any adverse developments with respect to the current ongoing audit
relating to the deductions previously claimed with respect to the stock of
C.R. Gibson that occur after the date hereof shall not be considered a breach
of any representation or warranty in this Section 3.11.   Section 3.12.
Environmental Matters.   (a) Except where failure to hold or noncompliance,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have or
result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company Entities hold all
Environmental Permits required under applicable Environmental Laws and are
and have been at all times for the past three (3) years in compliance with
all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits. Each of the
Environmental Permits is in full force and effect and there are no actions to
revoke, terminate, limit or appeal any Environmental Permit.   (b) To the
Knowledge of the Company, there are no Environmental Claims pending or
threatened against the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except for matters
that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to
have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Liens have arisen under
or pursuant to any Environmental Law on any site or facility owned, operated
or leased by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, and no action of
any Governmental Entity has been taken or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
is in process which could subject any of such properties to such Liens, and
neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries would be required to
place any notice or restriction relating to the presence of Hazardous
Materials at any such site or facility owned, leased or operated by it in any
deed to the real property on which such site or facility is located.   (c)
Within the past three (3) years, none of the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Entity or other third party
any written notice that any of them or any of their predecessors is or may be
a potentially responsible party in respect of, or may otherwise
bear liability or obligation for, any actual or threatened Release of any
Hazardous Substance at or from any site or facility, including any that is or
has been listed on the National Priorities List, the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System, the
National Corrective Action Priority System or any similar or analogous list,
schedule, inventory or database, except where the potential liability would
not reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse
Effect.    17     (d) Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the
Company Disclosure Schedules, (i) neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has assumed or become subject to a material liability or
obligation of any third party arising under Environmental Laws, or (ii) to
the Knowledge of the Company there has not been any Release of Hazardous
Substances or any Environmental Condition that has or would be reasonably
expected to cause a liability or a obligation to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary under applicable Environmental Laws, except where the potential
liability or obligation would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
(e) The Company has provided the Parent with copies of all environmental
assessment, audit or investigation reports or other material environmental
documents concerning the past or present facilities or operations of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary that are in its possession or control.  
Section 3.13. Labor Matters. Except as set forth in Section 3.13 of
the Company Disclosure Schedules: (a) neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any contract, collective bargaining
agreement or works council agreement with any labor or similar organization;
(b) there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened,
organizational activities or demands in writing for recognition or
certification by a labor organization seeking to represent employees of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary; (c) within the past three (3) years, there
has been no, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no pending labor
dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or Company Subsidiaries;
(d) there are no charges, appeals or Actions against the Company or any
Company Subsidiary pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened,
before or by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of
Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the National Labor
Relations Board or any other comparable Governmental Entity except for
charges, appeals or Actions that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect; (e)
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in compliance all material
respects with all applicable Laws relating to employment and employment
practices, occupational health and safety, pay equity, wages, hours and terms
and conditions of employment; and (f) the Company and each Company Subsidiary
is in compliance with all Laws respecting labor, employment practices,
workplace safety and the payment of wages other than for violations that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have or
result in a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.14. Intellectual Property.
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries own all right, title, and interest in, or have the right to use,
pursuant to a license or otherwise, in each case, free and clear of all Liens
except Permitted Liens, all material Intellectual Property required to
operate their respective businesses as presently conducted (the "Company
Intellectual Property"). As of the date hereof, except as set forth in
Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedules and except as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect: (i) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary
has received any written notice of any claims or threatened Actions alleging
a violation, misappropriation or infringement of the Intellectual Property of
any other Person, except for any of the foregoing that have since been
finally resolved; (ii) no other Person    18    has violated,
misappropriated or infringed the Company Intellectual Property owned by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary; (iii) there are no Actions pending or, to
the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing, challenging the
ownership, enforceability, validity or use of any Company
Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary; and
(iv) each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries take and have taken
commercially reasonable actions to maintain and preserve its trade
secrets.   Section 3.15. Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as set
forth in Section 3.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, and except for
liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, since December 31, 2005:   (a) the Company has
conducted its operations in all material respects in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice;   (b) there has not been a Material Adverse
Effect, individually or in the aggregate; and   (c) neither the Company nor
any Company Subsidiary has taken any action which, if taken after the date
hereof, would constitute a breach of any provisions of Section 5.1(a).  
Section 3.16. Brokers. Except for the Company Financial Advisor and SunTrust
Capital Markets, Inc., no broker, investment banker, financial advisor or
other Person is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s
or other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of the Company. True and complete copies of the engagement letters with the
Company Financial Advisor and SunTrust Capital Markets, Inc. have been
provided to Parent and there have not been any amendments or modifications
thereto.   Section 3.17. Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth in
Section 3.17 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, there is no litigation,
suit, claim, action, proceeding, hearing, petition, grievance, complaint or
investigation (each, an "Action") pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened against the Company or any Company Subsidiary, by or
before any Governmental Entity other than any such Action that would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary is subject to (i) any order of, consent decree, settlement
agreement or other similar written agreement with, any Governmental
Authority, or (ii) any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree,
determination or award of any Governmental Entity, except (in the case of (i)
or (ii)) for those that would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.18.
Insurance. (a) All material insurance policies of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries are in full force and effect and provide insurance in such
amounts and against such risks as required by applicable Law and by Material
Contracts, Significant Royalty Agreements, and Leases to which the Company or
any Company Subsidiary is a party, (b) neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries is in breach or default, and neither the Company nor any
of the Company Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take
any action    19    which, with or without notice or lapse of time or
both, would constitute such a breach or default, or permit termination or
modification of, any of such insurance policies, except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (c) to the Knowledge of the Company no insurer on any such
policy has been declared insolvent or placed in receivership, conservatorship
or liquidation, and (d) no written notice of cancellation or termination has
been received with respect to any such policy.   Section 3.19. Real
Property.   (a) Section 3.19(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedules contains
a true, correct and complete list of all real property owned by the Company
or the Company Subsidiaries, (the "Owned Real Property"). Except as set forth
in Section 3.19(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedules, (i) the Company or
the applicable Company Subsidiary owns good and marketable title to the Owned
Real Property subject to no Liens except Permitted Real Property Encumbrances
and Permitted Liens, and (ii) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary
has leased all or any significant portion of any Owned Real Property.   (b)
Section 3.19(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true,
correct and complete list of Leases. Except as would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect: (i) all of the Leases are in full force and effect and (ii) neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary, nor to the Knowledge of the Company,
any other party to any such Lease, is in default under any of the Leases, and
no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time, would constitute a
default by the Company nor any Company Subsidiary under any of the
Leases.   Section 3.20. Affiliate Transactions. Except as disclosed in the
Company\'s SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement or set forth
in Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, no executive officer or
director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any Person who
beneficially owns five percent (5%) or more of the Company Capital Stock (or
any of such Person\'s Immediate Family Members or Affiliates) is a party to
any contract with or binding upon the Company or any Company Subsidiary or
any of their respective properties or assets or has any material interest in
any material property owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or has
engaged in any material transaction with any of the foregoing within the last
twelve months, in each case, that is of the type that would be required to be
disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. In
addition, except (i) the Voting Agreement, (ii) the Insurance Agreement,
dated as of May 17, 1991, between the Company and Sam Z. Moore, (iii) the
Employment Agreement, dated as of May 13, 1996, as amended February 20, 2006
between the Company and Sam Z. Moore, and (iv) as disclosed in Section 3.20
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not entered into any
agreement or arrangement with any Principal Shareholder or Affiliate or the
Immediate Family Member of any Principal Shareholder and is not obligated to
make any payment to any such Person, whether before or after the Closing Date
(other than as required by this Agreement in their capacity as a Shareholder
or Option holder).   Section 3.21. Vote Required. The affirmative vote of
the holders of record of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%)
of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Company Common Stock
and Company Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single   
20    class with respect to the adoption of this Agreement, is the only
vote of the holders of any class or series of the capital stock of the
Company required to adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 3.22. Opinion of Company
Financial Advisor. The Company has received the opinion of SunTrust Capital
Markets, Inc., dated the date hereof, to the effect that the consideration to
be received in the Merger by the Shareholders (other than the Principal
Shareholders) is fair from a financial point of view to the Shareholders, and
a true and complete copy of such opinion has been delivered to Parent.  
Section 3.23. Information Supplied. The Proxy Statement and any
other documents to be filed by the Company with the SEC or any other
Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby will not, on the date of its filing or, in the case of
the Proxy Statement, at the date it is mailed to Shareholders and at the date
of the Shareholders\' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that no
representation is made by the Company with respect to information supplied in
writing by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub expressly for inclusion
therein. The Proxy Statement and any such other documents filed by the
Company with the SEC under the Exchange Act will comply as to form in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act.   Section
3.24. TBCA. The Company Board has taken all necessary actions so that the
provisions of Section 48-103-205 of the TBCA will not apply to
this Agreement, the Merger, the Voting Agreement or the other
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the other transactions
contemplated hereby.   Section 3.25. No Other Representations or
Warranties.   (a) Except for the representations and warranties contained in
this Article III, Parent and Merger Sub acknowledge that neither the Company
nor any other Person on behalf of the Company makes any other express or
implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company with respect
to any other information provided to Parent or Merger Sub and their
respective principals and advisors. Except in the case of fraud or willful
misrepresentation, neither the Company nor any other Person will have or be
subject to any liability to Parent, Merger Sub or any other Person resulting
from the distribution to Parent or Merger Sub, or use by Parent or Merger Sub
of, any such information, including any information, documents, projections,
forecasts or other material made available to Parent and/or Merger Sub in
certain "data rooms", confidential information memoranda or management
presentations in expectation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (b) In connection with investigation by Parent and Merger Sub
of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, Parent and/or Merger Sub and
their respective principals and advisors have received or may receive from
the Company and/or the Company Subsidiaries certain projections, forward-
looking statements and other forecasts and certain future business plan
information. Parent and Merger Sub acknowledge that there are uncertainties
inherent in attempting to make such, projections, statements, and other
forecasts and future plans, that    21    Parent and Merger Sub are
familiar with such uncertainties, that Parent and Merger Sub are taking full
responsibility for making its own evaluations of the adequacy and accuracy of
all projections, forward-looking statements and other forecasts and future
plans so furnished to it (including the reasonableness of the assumptions
underlying such projections, statements, forecasts or future plans), and
that, except as set forth in this Article III, absent fraud or willful
misrepresentation, neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall have any claim against
anyone with respect thereto. Accordingly, Parent and Merger Sub acknowledge
that neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary make any representation
or warranty with respect to such projections, forward-looking statements,
forecasts or future plans (including the reasonableness of the assumptions
underlying such projections, statements, forecasts or future plans).  
ARTICLE IV.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Each
of Parent and Merger Sub hereby jointly and severally represents and warrants
to the Company:   Section 4.1. Organization and Standing. Parent is a
limited liability company and Merger Sub is a corporation, each duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing (with respect to
jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction
in which it is organized.   Section 4.2. Authority.   (a) Each of Parent
and Merger Sub has all requisite limited liability company or corporate power
and authority, as applicable, to enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the consummation by Parent and
Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary limited liability company or corporate action on the part of
Parent and Merger Sub, respectively.   (b) This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by each of Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes the legal,
valid and binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against
Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement
thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar Laws generally affecting the
rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles.   Section
4.3. Non-Contravention; Consents and Approvals.   (a) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement will not, (i) conflict with the certificate of formation or
operating documents of Parent or the Charter Documents of Merger Sub, (ii)
result in any breach, violation or default (with or without notice or lapse
of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
or creation or acceleration of any obligation or right of a third party
or    22    loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Parent or Merger Sub under, any
contract, agreement, loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage,
indenture or other agreement or instrument, or (iii) subject to the
governmental filings and other matters referred to in Section 4.3(b),
conflict with or violate any judgment, order, decree or Law applicable to
Parent or Merger Sub or their respective properties or assets, other than, in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, breaches, violations,
defaults, rights, losses or Liens that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger.   (b) No
consent, approval, order or authorization of, action by or in respect of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity or any
third party is required by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by either of them or the
consummation by either of them of the transactions contemplated hereby,
except for: (i) the filing with the SEC of the Proxy Statement; (ii) the
filing of the Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Tennessee; (iii) the filing of a premerger notification and report form by
Parent under the HSR Act; and (iv) such other consents, approvals, orders or
authorizations the failure of which to be made or obtained, individually or
in the aggregate, would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the
Merger.   Section 4.4. Financing. Parent has, or has binding commitments
for, funds sufficient to pay the aggregate Per Share Merger Consideration and
the Option Consideration and all of its and Merger Sub\'s other payment
obligations hereunder and to otherwise consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 4.5. Brokers. No broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is entitled to any
broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Subsidiary for which
the Company could have any liability if the Closing does not occur.  
Section 4.6. Merger Sub. Merger Sub is a duly incorporated, validly existing
direct, wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent organized under the laws of the
State of Tennessee, was formed for the purpose of engaging in
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not have any
Subsidiaries and has not undertaken any business or other activities other
than in connection with entering into this Agreement and engaging in the
transactions contemplated hereby. Parent owns all outstanding shares of
capital stock of Merger Sub.   Section 4.7. Company Stock. Neither Parent
nor Merger Sub is, and at no time during the last three (3) years has been,
an "interested shareholder" of the Company as defined in Section 48-103-203
of the TBCA. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub owns (directly or indirectly,
beneficially or of record) or is a party to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of,
in each case, any shares of Company Capital Stock (other than as contemplated
by this Agreement and the Voting Agreement).   Section 4.8. Litigation. As
of the date of this Agreement, there are not any Actions pending, or to the
Knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing against or affecting, Parent or
Merger Sub, except for any such Action that, individually or in the
aggregate, would not    23    reasonably be likely to have a material
adverse effect on Parent or that would prevent or materially delay
consummation of the Merger.   Section 4.9. No Parent Vote Required. No vote
or other action of the members of Parent is required by applicable Law, the
operating agreement of Parent or otherwise for Parent and Merger Sub to
consummate the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section
4.10. Solvency of the Surviving Corporation. Assuming the accuracy of the
Company\'s representations and warranties in this Agreement and based on the
projections for the Company and the Company Subsidiaries provided to
Parent by the Company, immediately after giving effect to the Merger, the
Financing and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement to occur
on the Closing Date (i) the Surviving Corporation (on a consolidated basis
with the Company Subsidiaries) will be able to pay its debts as they become
absolute and mature, (ii) the then present salable value of the assets of the
Surviving Corporation (on a consolidated basis with the Company Subsidiaries)
will exceed the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of
its debts and other liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as they
become absolute and mature, (iii) the assets of the Surviving Corporation (on
a consolidated basis with the Company Subsidiaries), in each case at a fair
valuation, will exceed its debts (including contingent liabilities), and (iv)
the Surviving Corporation (on a consolidated basis with the Company
Subsidiaries) will not have unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business, either (a) as then conducted or (b) as intended by Parent to be
conducted following the Closing Date. No transfer of property is being made
and no obligation is being incurred in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud
any present or future creditors of the Surviving Corporation and its
Subsidiaries.   ARTICLE V.  COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES   Section 5.1.
Conduct of Business.   (a) Conduct of Business by the Company. Except as set
forth in Section 5.1(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedules, except as
otherwise specifically required by this Agreement or except as consented to
in writing by Parent or Merger Sub, during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time (the "Interim Period"), the Company shall,
and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries to, carry on their respective
businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries shall use all commercially reasonable
efforts to preserve intact their present business organizations and
reputation, to keep available the services of their key officers and
employees, to maintain their assets and properties in good working order and
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, to maintain insurance on their
tangible assets and businesses in such amounts and against such risks and
losses as are currently in effect, to preserve their relationships with
customers, suppliers and authors and others having significant business
dealings with them and to comply in all material respects with all laws and
orders of all Governmental Entities applicable to them. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, except as (i) set forth on Section 5.1(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedules, (ii) otherwise specifically required by this
Agreement or (iii) consented to in writing by Parent or Merger Sub, during
the Interim Period, the Company shall not and shall not permit any Company
Subsidiary to:    24     (i) (A) other than the regular quarterly
dividend expected to be paid by the Company to the Shareholders in April 2006
in an amount not to exceed $0.05 per share of Company Capital Stock and
dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned Company
Subsidiary to its parent, declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make
any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock, (B) split,
combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or take any other action that
would require an adjustment of the Per Share Merger Consideration or Option
Consideration pursuant to Section 2.3 of this Agreement, or (C) purchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or any rights,
warrants or options to acquire any such shares or other securities;   (ii)
issue or authorize the issuance of, deliver or sell any shares of its capital
stock (or any other securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution
for, shares of its capital stock), any other voting securities or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or
any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares, voting
securities or convertible securities, other than (A) as required pursuant to
Employment Agreements and Plans in effect on the date of this Agreement and
set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedules, or (B) the issuance of shares
of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of the Options set forth in Section
3.3 of the Company Disclosure Schedules under the Stock Plans or in
connection with other awards or issuances of Common Stock under the Stock
Plans, in any such case, outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and in
accordance with their terms as in effect on the date of this Agreement;  
(iii) amend its Charter Documents;   (iv) incur any indebtedness for
borrowed money, other than indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice under lines of credit existing on the
date of this Agreement but, in no event, to exceed an aggregate principal
amount of $250,000 (net of any amounts of any such indebtedness discharged
during such period);   (v) other than sales of inventory in the ordinary
course of business or sales of obsolete equipment and material, sell, lease
or otherwise dispose of any of its assets and properties or grant any Lien in
or otherwise encumber any of its material assets, except in connection with
such indebtedness permitted under the preceding clause (iv);   (vi) enter
into, adopt, amend in any material respect (except as required by applicable
Law) or terminate any Employment Agreements and Plans;   (vii) (A) grant any
increase in the compensation or benefits payable or to become payable by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary to any director or former director of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary; (B) grant any increase in the compensation
or benefits payable or to become payable by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary to any officer or employee of the Company or any Company   
25    Subsidiary, other than (1) with the consent of Parent, to officers
with the rank of Senior Vice-President or Executive Vice-President or above,
and (2) increases with respect to employees that are not senior officers as
detailed in the preceding clause in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, provided such increases do not exceed six
percent (6%) of such employee\'s base salary for the prior year; (C) permit
any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
who is not already a party to any agreement or a participant in a plan
providing benefits upon or following a "change of control" to become party to
any such agreement or a participant in any such plan; other than in case of
clauses (A), (B) and (C), pursuant to a pre-existing contract or agreement
set forth in Section 5.1(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedules or as
required by applicable Law;   (viii) change the accounting principles used
by it unless required by GAAP or any Governmental Entity;   (ix) (A) make,
revoke or change a material Tax election with respect to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary; (B) consent to extend the period of limitations for the
payment or assessment of any Tax with respect to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary; or (C) settle or compromise any material Tax liability or refund
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary;   (x) acquire by merging or
consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets or
stock of, or by any other manner, any significant business or any
corporation, partnership, association or other entity or division thereof,
except for acquisitions for consideration (including any liabilities assumed
by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or that are outstanding as a
liability of any party that became a Company Subsidiary) that is individually
not in excess of $250,000, or in the aggregate, not in excess
of $500,000;   (xi) make, authorize or enter into any commitment with
respect to any single capital expenditure which is in excess of $1,000,000 or
capital expenditures which are, in the aggregate, in excess of $2,000,000,
other than as provided for in the Company\'s current budget, a copy of which
is attached in Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedules (the
"Budget");   (xii) knowingly take any action that would reasonably be likely
to prevent or materially delay satisfaction of the conditions contained in
Article VI;   (xiii) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation,
dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or
reorganization;   (xiv) settle, compromise, waive, satisfy or institute any
material litigation, suit, proceeding, arbitration or claim (other than
claims which do not involve payment of any amount in excess of $50,000
individually or $250,000 in the aggregate);   (xv) enter into any contract
or amend or modify any existing contract, or engage in any new transaction
with any Affiliate of the Company or any Company Subsidiary;    26   
(xvi) make any voluntary payment or deposit of taxes in connection with the
audit currently underway relating to deductions for the stock of C.
R. Gibson; or   (xvii) authorize, commit or agree to take any of the
foregoing actions.   (b) Conduct of Business by Merger Sub. During the
Interim Period, Merger Sub shall not engage in any activities of any nature
except as provided in or contemplated by this Agreement or in furtherance of
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c)
No Interference with Marketing, Distribution or Pricing
Decisions. Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 5.1 or any other
section of this Agreement, neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall have the right
to, nor shall either take any action which might reasonably be expected to,
prohibit, restrict or interfere in any way with the Company\'s day-to-day
decisions concerning the marketing, distribution or pricing of its products
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.   (d)
Advice of Changes. The Company shall confer on a regular and frequent basis
with Parent with respect to its business and operations and other matters
relevant to the Merger, and shall promptly advise Parent of any change or
event, including, without limitation, any complaint, investigation or
hearing by any Governmental Entity (or communication indicating the same may
be contemplated) or the institution or threat of litigation, having, or
which, insofar as can be reasonably foreseen, would have, a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the
ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby;
provided that the Company shall not be required to make any disclosure to the
extent such disclosure would constitute a violation of any applicable
Law.   Section 5.2. No Solicitation by the Company.   (a) Takeover
Proposal. From and after the date of this Agreement, the Company agrees that
(i) it and its officers, directors and employees shall, (ii) the Company
Subsidiaries and their officers, directors, and employees shall, and (iii) it
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its and the
Company Subsidiaries\' financial advisors, attorneys, accountants and
other advisors, investment bankers, representatives and agents (collectively,
"Company Representatives"), immediately cease and cause to be terminated
immediately all existing discussions and negotiations with any parties
conducted heretofore with respect to any Takeover Proposal. From and after
the date of this Agreement, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of
the Company Subsidiaries to, and it shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause each of the Company Representatives not to (i) directly or
indirectly, solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage a Takeover Proposal,
(ii) enter into any agreement or agreement in principle with respect to any
Takeover Proposal, (iii) participate in any discussions or negotiations
regarding, or furnish or disclose to any Person (other than a party to this
Agreement) any information with respect to, a Takeover Proposal, or (iv)
other than as contemplated by this Agreement, grant any approval pursuant to
Section 48-103-205 of the TBCA; provided, however, that, if at any time prior
to Shareholder Approval: (A) the Company receives an unsolicited Takeover
Proposal from a third party after the date hereof and (B) the   
27    Special Committee determines in good faith (after consultation with
its financial advisors and legal counsel) that such Takeover Proposal
constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal;
then the Company may, subject to compliance with this Section 5.2, (i)
furnish information and/or draft agreements with respect to the Company to
the Person making such Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) pursuant
to a confidentiality agreement which restricts such Person no less than
Parent is then restricted by the Confidentiality Agreement (except for such
changes specifically necessary in order for the Company to be able to comply
with its obligations under this Agreement), provided that a copy of all such
information that has not previously been delivered to Parent is delivered to
Parent prior to or concurrently with the delivery to such Person, and (ii)
participate in discussions or negotiations with the Person making such
Takeover Proposal (and its Representatives) regarding such Takeover Proposal.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the period from the date of this
Agreement through the Effective Time, (i) neither the Company nor any of
Company Subsidiary shall terminate, amend, modify or waive any provision of
any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which it is a party and (ii)
the Company shall enforce, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law, the provisions of any such agreement, including, but not limited to,
seeking to obtain injunctions to prevent any breaches of such agreements and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof in any court having
jurisdiction.   (b) Actions by the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of
this Section 5.2 to the contrary, the Company Board may (i) withdraw or
modify in a manner adverse to Parent (or not continue to make) the approval
recommendation or declaration of advisability by such Company Board or the
Special Committee thereof of this Agreement, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Company Recommendation"),
(ii) approve or recommend a Superior Proposal (any action described in clause
(i) or this clause (ii), an "Adverse Recommendation Change"), and/or (iii)
enter into an agreement regarding a Superior Proposal if (x) the Special
Committee has determined in good faith based on the advice of counsel that
taking such action is necessary for the members of the Special Committee to
comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable Law, (y) in the case of
an action described in clause (ii) or clause (iii) above, the Company has
given Parent five (5) Business Days prior written notice of its intention to
take such action and (z) in the case of an action described in clause (iii)
above, (a) the Special Committee shall have considered in good faith any
proposed changes to this Agreement proposed in writing by Parent and shall
not have determined that the Superior Proposal would no longer constitute a
Superior Proposal if such changes were to be given effect, (b) the Company
has complied in all material respects with its obligations under this Section
5.2 and (c) the Company shall have terminated this Agreement in accordance
with the provisions of Section 7.1(d)(ii) hereof and the Company shall pay
Parent the Termination Fee in accordance with Section 7.3(b).   (c) Notice
of Takeover Proposal. The Company shall (i) promptly advise Parent orally and
in writing of the Company\'s receipt of any Takeover Proposal received after
the date hereof and any request for information received in connection with
such Takeover Proposal and shall furnish to the Parent a copy of such
Takeover Proposal (or, if not in writing, a complete summary of such Takeover
Proposal, including the identity of the parties making the
Takeover Proposal), (ii) notify Parent in writing if it intends to provide
information to, or participate in discussions or negotiations with any person
with respect to a Takeover Proposal, prior to the time such information is
furnished or such discussions or negotiations are    28    commenced,
and (iii) keep Parent informed on a current basis of the status and all
material information with respect to any such discussions or
negotiations. Promptly upon determination by the Company Board that a
Takeover Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal, the Company shall deliver
to Parent a written notice advising it that the Company Board has made such
determination.   (d) Rule 14e-2(a), Rule 14d-9 and Other Applicable Law.
Nothing contained in this Section 5.2 shall prohibit the Company from (i)
taking and disclosing to the Shareholders a position contemplated by Rule
14e-2(a) or Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) making any
disclosure to the Shareholders if, in the good faith judgment of the Company
Board (after consultation with outside counsel), failure so to disclose would
be a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable Law.   Section 5.3.
Securities Law Filings; Shareholders\' Meeting; Preparation of Proxy
Statement.   (a) The Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall use their
respective reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken such actions
as may be required to be taken under the Exchange Act, the Securities Act and
any other federal securities laws, and under any applicable state securities
or blue sky Laws in connection with the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated herein.   (b) The Company shall duly call, give notice of,
convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders (the "Shareholders\' Meeting")
for the purpose of voting on the adoption of this Agreement as soon as
reasonably practicable after the date hereof. Unless the Company Board has
made an Adverse Recommendation Change in compliance with Section 5.2(b), the
Company shall include in the Proxy Statement the Company Recommendation and
shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain Shareholder Approval. In the
event that Shareholder Approval is not obtained on the date on which the
Shareholders\' Meeting is initially convened, the Company Board shall adjourn
such Shareholders\' Meeting at least twice for the purpose of obtaining
Shareholder Approval and to use its reasonable best efforts during any such
adjournments to obtain Shareholder Approval.   (c) In connection with the
Merger and the Shareholders\' Meeting, the Company shall prepare and file
with the SEC, as promptly as practicable, a proxy statement relating to the
Shareholders\' Meeting (together with any amendments thereof or supplements
thereto and any other required proxy materials, the "Proxy Statement")
relating to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond to the
comments of the SEC and to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
Shareholders as promptly as practicable; provided, however, that prior to the
filing of the Proxy Statement, the Company shall consult with Parent
with respect to such filings and shall afford Parent and Merger Sub
reasonable opportunity to comment thereon. Parent and Merger Sub shall
provide the Company with any information for inclusion in the Proxy Statement
which may be required under applicable Law and which is reasonably requested
by the Company. The Company shall promptly notify Parent of the receipt of
comments of the SEC and of any request from the SEC for amendments or
supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information, and will
promptly supply Parent with copies of all correspondence between the   
29    Company or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC
or members of its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy
Statement or the Merger. If at any time prior to the Shareholders\' Meeting
any event should occur which is required by applicable Law to be set forth in
an amendment of, or a supplement to, the Proxy Statement, the Company will
prepare and mail such amendment or supplement; provided, however, that prior
to such mailing, the Company shall consult with Parent with respect to such
amendment or supplement and shall afford Parent reasonable opportunity to
comment thereon. The Company will notify Parent at least twenty-four (24)
hours prior to the mailing of the Proxy Statement, or twenty-four (24) hours
prior to the mailing of any amendment or supplement thereto, to the
Shareholders.   (d) The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger
Sub that the Proxy Statement will, as of the time the Proxy Statement (or any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is first mailed to the Shareholders
and as of the time of the Shareholders\' Meeting, not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements made or
incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement based on and in conformity
with information supplied in writing by Parent or Merger Sub specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.   (e) Each of Parent and
Merger Sub represent and warrant to the Company that the information supplied
or to be supplied in writing by Parent and Merger Sub specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement will, as of
the time the Proxy Statement (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto)
is first mailed to the Shareholders, and as of the time of the Shareholders\'
Meeting, not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
are made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent and Merger
Sub make no representation or warranty with respect to any statements made or
incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement based on
information supplied by Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference
therein.   Section 5.4. Access to Information; Confidentiality. To the
extent permitted by applicable Law and subject to the Confidentiality
Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2005, between the Company, InterMedia
Advisors, LLC and Parent (f/k/a/ Faith Media LLC) (the "Confidentiality
Agreement"), the Company shall, and shall cause each of the Company
Subsidiaries to, afford to Parent and its representatives full access, during
normal business hours and after reasonable prior notice, during the period
prior to the Effective Time, to the Company\'s and the Company Subsidiaries\'
officers, employees, agents and accountants and to the Company\'s and the
Company\'s Subsidiaries\' properties, books, contracts, commitments,
personnel and records and all other information concerning their business,
properties and personnel as such party may reasonably request. Parent and the
Company shall hold, and shall cause their respective Affiliates
and representatives to hold, any nonpublic information in accordance with the
terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. Each party will use commercially
reasonable efforts to minimize any disruption to the businesses of the other
party and its    30   Subsidiaries which may result from the requests
for access, data and information hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
investigation of the business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary shall
affect any representation or warranty given by the Company hereunder.  
Section 5.5. Commercially Reasonable Efforts; HSR Act.   (a) Commercially
Reasonable Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, including Section 5.2, and subject to applicable Law, each of the
parties shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate and make effective, as promptly as practicable, the
Merger and the other transactions to be performed or consummated by such
party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including (i) taking of
all acts necessary to cause the conditions to Closing that are within the
control of such party to be satisfied as promptly as practicable, (ii) making
all registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental Entities,
if any) required to be made by such party in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and taking all steps necessary to
obtain any approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by,
any Governmental Entity, (iii) in the case of the Company, obtaining all
necessary consents, approvals or waivers required from third parties under
the Material Contracts, Significant Royalty Agreements, and Leases with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (iv) defending of
any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or
administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to have any stay or
temporary restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity
vacated or reversed and (v) executing and delivering such additional
instruments as may be reasonably requested by the other party and necessary
to consummate the Merger and other transactions contemplated hereby and to
fully carry out the purposes of this Agreement.   (b) HSR Filings. Without
limiting the generality of Section 5.5(a), the Company and Parent shall (A)
duly file with the FTC and the Antitrust Division the notification and report
form (the "HSR Filing") required under the HSR Act and (B) duly make all
notifications and other filings required (together with the HSR Filing, the
"Antitrust Filings") under any other applicable competition, merger control,
antitrust or similar Law or under any foreign investment Law that the Company
and Parent deem advisable or appropriate, in each case with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and within twenty (20) Business
Days of the execution of this Agreement. The Antitrust Filings shall be in
substantial compliance with the requirements of the HSR Act or other Laws, as
applicable. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary shall, without the express written approval of Parent, commit to
any divestitures, licenses or hold separate or similar arrangements with
respect to assets or conduct of business arrangements as a condition to
obtaining any and all approvals from any Governmental Entity for any reason
in order to consummate and make effective, as promptly as practicable, the
Merger and the other transactions to be performed or consummated by the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, taking
any and all actions necessary in order to ensure that (x) no requirement for
non-action, a waiver, consent or approval of the FTC, the Antitrust Division,
or other Governmental Entity, (y) no decree, judgment, injunction, temporary
restraining order or any other order in any suit or proceeding,   
31    and (z) no other matter relating to any antitrust or competition Law
or regulation, would preclude consummation of the Merger. Neither party
shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to, acquire
or agree to acquire any business, Person or division thereof, or otherwise
acquire or agree to acquire any assets if the entering into of a definitive
agreement relating to or the consummation of such acquisition, would
reasonably be expected to materially increase the risk of not obtaining the
applicable clearance, approval or waiver from any Governmental Entity with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c)
Cooperation. Each party shall, subject to applicable Law and except as
prohibited by any applicable representative of any applicable Governmental
Entity: (i) promptly notify the other party of any written communication to
that party from the FTC, the Antitrust Division, or any other Governmental
Entity relating to this Agreement or the Merger, and permit the other Party
to review in advance any proposed written communication to any of the
foregoing; (ii) not agree to participate in any substantive meeting
or discussion with any Governmental Entity in respect of any filings,
investigation or inquiry concerning this Agreement or the Merger unless it
consults with the other party in advance and, to the extent permitted by such
Governmental Entity, gives the other party the opportunity to attend and
participate thereat; and (iii) furnish the other party with copies of all
correspondence, filings, and written communications (and memoranda setting
forth the substance thereof) between them and its Affiliates and their
respective representatives, on the one hand, and any Governmental Entity or
members or their respective staffs, on the other hand, with respect to this
Agreement and the Merger. Each party shall (y) respond as promptly as
practicable under the circumstances to any inquiries received from the FTC or
the Antitrust Division for additional information or documentation and to all
inquiries and requests received from any Governmental Entity in connection
with antitrust matters relating to this Agreement or the Merger and (z) not
enter into any agreement with the FTC or the Antitrust Division not to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d) No
Takeover Statutes Apply. In connection with and without limiting the
foregoing, the Company shall (i) take all action necessary to ensure that no
"fair price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition," "business
combination," or other anti-takeover law (each, a "Takeover Statute") or
similar Law is or becomes applicable to the Merger, this Agreement or any
of the other transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) if any Takeover
Statute or similar Law becomes applicable to the Merger, this Agreement or
any of the other transactions contemplated hereby, take all action reasonably
necessary to ensure that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such
Law on the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 5.6. Financing.   (a) Parent shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions
and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to
arrange the Financing pursuant to the existing commitment letters.   (b)
The Company agrees to provide, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries and
its and the Company Representatives to provide, such cooperation as may
reasonably be    32    requested by Parent (including with respect to
timeliness) in connection with the arrangement, marketing or syndication of
the debt financing contemplated by Parent\'s commitment letter, including (i)
participating in meetings, drafting sessions and due diligence sessions, (ii)
furnishing Parent and its financing sources with such financial and other
pertinent information regarding the Company as may be reasonably requested by
Parent, including all financial statements and financial data of the type
required by Regulation S-X and Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, (iii)
assisting Parent and its financing sources in the preparation of (A) offering
documents for any of such debt financing and (B) materials for rating agency
presentations, (iv) reasonably cooperating with the marketing efforts of
Parent and its financing sources for any of such debt financing, (v)
facilitating the pledging of collateral, (vi) using commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain accountants\' comfort letters and consents, legal opinions,
surveys and title insurance as reasonably requested by Parent, and (vii)
executing and delivering such credit or loan agreements, securities purchase
agreements, indentures and other collateral or similar documents reasonably
requested by Parent; provided, that in the case of the foregoing clause
(vii), the Company and the Company Subsidiaries shall not be obligated to
incur any indebtedness or other obligation under any such agreement or
instruments until the Effective Time.   Section 5.7. Delisting. Each of the
parties hereto agrees to cooperate with the other party in taking, or causing
to be taken, all actions necessary (i) to delist the Company Capital Stock
from the NYSE, and (ii) to terminate the registration of the Company Capital
Stock under the Exchange Act; provided that such delisting and termination
shall not be effective until on or after the Effective Time.   Section 5.8.
Indemnification.   (a) Obligations Assumed by Surviving Corporation. The
Surviving Corporation shall, and Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to, indemnify and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, all
current and former directors and officers of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries (in their capacities as such) (i) to the same extent such
Persons have the right to be indemnified or have the right to advancement of
expenses as of the date of this Agreement by the Company or a Company
Subsidiary pursuant to the Company\'s or such Company Subsidiary\'s Charter
Documents and indemnification agreements, if any, in existence on the date
hereof with any current or former directors and officers of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries and (ii) without limitation to clause (i), to the
fullest extent permitted by Law, in each case for acts or omissions occurring
at or prior to the Effective Time (including for acts or omissions occurring
in connection with the approval of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby). Without limiting the foregoing, Parent
agrees that all obligations to provide indemnification (including obligations
to advance funds for expenses) and exculpation from liabilities for acts or
omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time in favor of the current
or former directors or officers of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
as provided in their respective Charter Documents, indemnification agreements
and/or as provided to the fullest extent of applicable Law will be assumed by
the Surviving Corporation without further action, as of the Effective Time,
and will survive the Merger and will continue in full force and effect in
accordance with their terms and neither such obligations nor the rights to
indemnification of individuals who on or prior to the Effective Time were
directors or officers of the Company will be amended or otherwise modified in
any manner    33    that would adversely affect such rights, unless
such modification is required by Law. The Surviving Corporation shall not
enter into any settlement of any claim in which the Surviving Corporation is
jointly liable with such Indemnified Party unless such settlement provides
for a full and final release of all claims asserted any such Indemnified
Party of the Company or a Company Subsidiary.   (b) Successors and Assigns
of Surviving Corporation. In the event that Parent or the Surviving
Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates
with or merges into any other Person and is not the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or
conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person,
then, and in each such case, Parent shall cause proper provisions to be made
so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as
the case may be, assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.8.  
(c) Continuing Coverage. For six (6) years after the Effective Time, Parent
shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance maintained by the Company
(provided that Parent may substitute therefor policies with reputable and
financially sound carriers of at least the same coverage and amounts
containing terms and conditions which are no less advantageous) covering acts
or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time with respect to
those Persons who are currently covered by the Company\'s directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance policy (a copy of which has been heretofore
made available to Parent) (the "Indemnified Parties"); provided, however,
that in no event will Parent or the Surviving Corporation be required to
expend in any one year an amount in excess of three hundred percent (300%) of
the annual premiums currently paid by the Company for such insurance (the
"Maximum Premium"); and provided further, however, that, if the annual
premiums of such insurance coverage exceed such amount, Parent will be
obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available for a cost
not exceeding the Maximum Premium; and provided further, however, that, (i)
the Company may elect, subject to Parent\'s consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, by giving written notice to Parent at least thirty (30) calendar
days prior to the Effective Time, or (ii) the Parent may elect, in its sole
discretion, at any time during such six (6) year period, to have the Company
or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, purchase in lieu of the
foregoing insurance a directors\' and officers\' liability insurance "tail"
or "runoff" insurance program to be in effect until the end of such six (6)
year period with respect to wrongful acts and/or omissions committed or
allegedly committed at or prior to the Effective Time (such coverage shall
have an aggregate coverage limit over the term of such policy in an amount
not to exceed the annual aggregate coverage limit under the Company\'s
existing directors and officers liability policy, and in all other respects
shall be comparable to such existing coverage).   (d) Intended
Beneficiaries. The obligations of Parent and the Surviving Corporation under
this Section 5.8 shall not be terminated or modified after the Effective Time
in such a manner as to adversely affect any Indemnified Party without the
express written consent of such Indemnified Party. The provisions of this
Section 5.8 are (i) intended to be for the benefit of, and will be
enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her heirs and his or
her representatives and (ii) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any
other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such Person may have
under the Charter Documents, the    34    comparable organizational
documents of the Surviving Corporation, by Law, by contract or otherwise.  
Section 5.9. Public Announcements. Parent and the Company shall consult with
each other before holding any press conferences and before issuing any press
release or other public announcements that relate to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger. The
parties will provide each other the reasonable opportunity to review and
comment upon any press release or other public announcement or statement that
primarily concern the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
the Merger, and shall not issue any such press release or other public
announcement or statement prior to such consultation or without the consent
of the other party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, except as,
in the reasonable judgment of the relevant party, may be required by
applicable Law, court process or by obligations pursuant to any listing
agreement with any national securities exchange. The parties agree that the
initial press release or releases to be issued with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, shall be
mutually agreed upon prior to the issuance thereof.   Section 5.10.
Shareholder Litigation. The parties to this Agreement shall cooperate and
consult with one another in connection with any shareholder litigation
against any of them or any of their respective directors or officers with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company shall
notify Parent promptly of any shareholder litigation against the Company or
any member of the Company Board relating to this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, and of any material developments with
respect to such litigation.   Section 5.11. Employee Benefit Matters.  
(a) Parent Obligations. Parent shall and shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to:   (i) assume the terms of all Employment
Agreements and Plans and  honor and pay or provide the benefits required
thereunder in accordance  with their terms, recognizing that the consummation
of the transactions  contemplated hereby will constitute a "change in
control" for purposes of  any of the Employment Agreements and Plans that
include a definition of  "change in control" (notwithstanding anything to the
contrary set forth in  any such Employment Agreement or Plan); and   (ii)
with respect to employees of the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries as of
the Effective Time (collectively, the "Company  Employees"), until the first
anniversary of the Effective Time, or, if  earlier, until any such
employee\'s employment is terminated, except as may  be required by
applicable Law, (A) provide the Company Employees with a  level of
compensation on substantially the same terms and conditions that,  with
respect to each Company Employee, are no less favorable in the  aggregate
than the compensation provided to such employee immediately prior  to the
Effective Time and (B) maintain the Company Benefit Plans (except to  the
extent any such plan provides equity-based compensation) that, with  respect
to each Company Employee, are substantially similar in the  aggregate than
the benefits provided to such employee immediately prior to  the Effective
Time.    35     (b) Credit for Service of Company Employees. If Company
Employees are included in any benefit plan maintained by Parent or any
Subsidiary of Parent following the Effective Time, such Company Employees
shall receive credit for service with the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries and their predecessors prior to the Effective Time to the same
extent and for the same purposes thereunder as such service was counted under
similar Benefit Plans of the Company for eligibility and vesting purposes. If
Company Employees or their dependents are included in any medical, dental or
health plan (a "Successor Plan") other than the plan or plans in which they
participated immediately prior to the Effective Time (a "Prior Plan"), for a
period of one (1) year following the Effective Time, any such Successor Plan
shall not include any restrictions or limitations with respect to pre-
existing condition exclusions or any actively-at-work requirements (except to
the extent such exclusions were applicable under any similar Prior Plan at
the Effective Time) and any eligible expenses incurred by any Company
Employee and his or her covered dependents during the portion of the plan
year of such Prior Plan ending on the date such Company Employee\'s
participation in such Successor Plan begins shall be taken into account under
such Successor Plan for purposes of satisfying all deductible, coinsurance
and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such Company Employee
and his or her covered dependents for the applicable plan year as if such
amounts had been paid in accordance with such Successor Plan. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, for purposes of
determining severance pay and benefits under any applicable Benefit Plan of
the Company covering a Company Employee at or after the Effective Time, each
such Company Employee shall receive credit for service prior to the Effective
Time with the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and their predecessors to
the same extent and for the same purposes as such service was counted under
the applicable Benefit Plan of the Company as in effect before the Effective
Time, as well as for service from and after the Effective Time with Parent
and the Surviving Corporation.   Section 5.12. Notice and Cure. Each of
Parent and the Company will notify the other of, and will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to cure before the Closing, any event,
transaction or circumstance, as soon as practical after it becomes known to
such party, that causes or will cause any covenant or agreement of Parent,
Merger Sub or the Company under this Agreement to be breached or that renders
or will render untrue any representation or warranty of Parent, Merger Sub or
the Company contained in this Agreement. Each of Parent and the Company also
will notify the other in writing of, and will use all commercially reasonable
efforts to cure, before the Closing, any violation or breach, as soon as
practical after it becomes known to such party, of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement made by Parent, Merger Sub or the Company. No
notice given pursuant to this Section shall have any effect on the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in
this Agreement for purposes of determining satisfaction of any condition
contained herein.   Section 5.13. Fulfillment of Conditions. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company will take or cause to be taken all commercially reasonable steps
necessary or desirable and proceed diligently and in good faith to satisfy
each condition to the other\'s obligations contained in this Agreement and to
consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and neither Parent nor the Company will, nor will it permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, take or fail to take any action that would reasonably be
expected to result in the nonfulfillment of any such condition.   
36     Section 5.14. Further Assurances. Each party hereto will, either
prior to or after the Effective Time, execute such further documents,
instruments, deeds, bills of sale, assignments and assurances and take such
further actions as may reasonably be requested by one or more of the others
to consummate the Merger, to vest the Surviving Corporation with full title
to all assets, properties, privileges, rights, approvals, immunities and
franchises of either of Merger Sub or the Company or to effect the other
purposes of this Agreement.   Section 5.15. Undertakings of Parent. Parent
shall perform, or cause to be performed, when due all obligations of the
Merger Sub under this Agreement.   ARTICLE VI.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  
Section 6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to
the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   (a) Shareholder Approval. The Company shall have
obtained the affirmative vote at the Shareholders\' Meeting of at least
sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the votes entitled to be cast
by the holders of the Company Common Stock and Company Class B Common Stock
voting together as a single class (the "Shareholder Approval").   (b) No
Laws, Orders or Injunctions. None of the parties hereto shall be subject to
any Law, order or injunction of any Governmental Entity of competent
jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of the Merger;
provided, however, that prior to asserting this condition, the party seeking
termination shall have used its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent
the entry of any such order or injunction and to appeal as promptly as
possible any such order or injunction that may be entered.   (c) Antitrust
Filings. The waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger
under the HSR Act and any other applicable foreign antitrust law or foreign
investment law shall have expired or been terminated.   Section 6.2.
Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligation of Parent
and Merger Sub to effect the Merger is further subject to satisfaction or
waiver of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties of the Company set forth herein shall be
true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to any materiality or
Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained therein) both when made and
at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such time (except to
the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such
date), except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be
so true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have or result in,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have performed
all of its obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement
(without giving effect to any materiality or Material Adverse
Effect qualifications contained therein),    37    expect where the
failure to perform such obligations would not reasonably be expected to have
or result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.   (c) Officer\'s Certificate. The Company shall have furnished
Parent with a certificate dated the Closing Date signed on its behalf by an
executive officer to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections
6.2(a) and 6.2(b) have been satisfied.   (d) Absence of a Material Adverse
Effect. There shall have not occurred after the date of this Agreement any
event, change, condition, circumstance or state of facts, or aggregation of
events, changes, conditions, circumstances or state of facts, that has had or
would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect.   (e) Governmental Entity and Other Consents and
Approvals. Other than the filing provided for by Section 1.3, there shall
have been obtained (i) all consents, approvals and actions of, filings with
and notices to any Governmental Entity required of Parent and Merger Sub or
the Company and any Company Subsidiary to consummate the Merger and the other
matters contemplated hereby, the failure of which to obtain would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on Parent, Merger Sub or the
Surviving Corporation, in each case taken as a whole, or on the ability of
Parent and the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby,
and (ii) all consents required under any Material Contract or Significant
Royalty Agreement, the failure of which to obtain would reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent and the
Company.   Section 6.3. Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The
obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:   (a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub
set forth herein shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving
effect to any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained
therein) both when made and at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and
as of such time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date,
in which case as of such date), except where the failure of such
representations and warranties to be so true and correct, individually or in
the aggregate, would not prevent or materially delay consummation of
the Merger.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Each
of Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed all of its obligations required
to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date
(without giving effect to any materiality or Material Adverse Effect
qualifications contained therein), except where the failure to perform such
obligations, individually or in the aggregate, would not prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Merger.   (c) Officer\'s Certificate.
Each of Parent and Merger Sub shall have furnished the Company with a
certificate dated the Closing Date signed on its behalf by an executive
officer to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.3(a) and
6.3(b) have been satisfied.    38     Section 6.4. Frustration of
Closing Conditions. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor the Company may rely on
the failure of any condition set forth in Section 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3, as the
case may be, to be satisfied if such failure was caused by such party\'s
failure to comply with its obligations to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, as required by and subject to Section 5.5.   ARTICLE VII. 
TERMINATION   Section 7.1. Termination.   (a) Termination by Mutual
Consent. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after Shareholder Approval, by mutual written consent
of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company.   (b) Termination by Parent or the
Company. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after Shareholder Approval, by written notice of
either Parent or the Company:   (i) if the Merger has not been consummated
by September 30, 2006,  or such later date, if any, as Parent and the Company
agree upon in writing  (as such date may be extended, the "Outside Date");
provided, however, that  the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 7.1(b)(i) is  not available to any party whose breach of any
provision of this Agreement  results in or causes the failure of the Merger
to be consummated by such  time;   (ii) if the Shareholders\' Meeting
(including any adjournment or  postponement thereof) has concluded, the
Shareholders have voted and  Shareholder Approval was not obtained; or  
(iii) if any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction issues  an order
or injunction that permanently prohibits the Merger and such order  or
injunction has become final and non-appealable; provided, however, that  the
right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(b)(iii)  is
not available to any party whose breach of any provision of this  Agreement
results in or causes such order or injunction or who has not used  its
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of such order or 
injunction or to appeal or lift such order or injunction.   (c) Termination
by Parent. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, whether before or after Shareholder Approval, by written
notice of Parent to the Company:   (i) if the Company (i) has breached or
failed to perform any of  its covenants or other agreements contained in this
Agreement to be  complied with by the Company such that the closing condition
set forth in  Section 6.2(b) would not be satisfied or (ii) there exists a
breach of any  representation or warranty of the Company contained in this
Agreement such  that the closing condition set forth in Section 6.2(a) would
not be  satisfied and, in the case of both (i) and (ii), such breach or
failure to  perform (1) is not    39    cured within thirty (30)
calendar days after receipt of written notice  thereof specifically
referencing this Section 7.1(c)(i) or (2) is incapable  of being cured by the
Company within such thirty (30) calendar day period;  provided, however, that
Parent shall not have the right to terminate this  Agreement under this
Section 7.1(c)(i) if Parent is then in material breach  of any of its
covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement; or   (ii) if, prior to
receipt of Shareholder Approval, the Company  Board or the Special Committee
has made an Adverse Recommendation Change.   (d) Termination by the Company.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time by
written notice of the Company to Parent:   (i) whether before or after
Shareholder Approval, if either  Parent or Merger Sub (A) has breached or
failed to perform any of its  covenants or other agreements contained in this
Agreement to be complied  with by Parent or Merger Sub such that the closing
condition set forth in  Section 6.3(b) would not be satisfied, or (B) there
exists a breach of any  representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub
contained in this  Agreement such that the closing condition set forth in
Section 6.3(a) would  not be satisfied and, in the case of both (A) and (B),
such breach or  failure to perform (1) is not cured within thirty (30)
calendar days after  receipt of written notice thereof specifically
referencing this Section  7.1(d)(i) or (2) is incapable of being cured by
Parent within such thirty  (30) calendar day period; provided, however, that
the Company shall not  have the right to terminate this Agreement under this
Section 7.1(d)(i) if  the Company is then in material breach of any of its
covenants or  agreements contained in this Agreement; or   (ii) if prior to
receipt of Shareholder Approval, (A) the Company  Board has received a
Superior Proposal, (B) the Special Committee  determines in good faith that
termination of this Agreement is necessary  for the members of the Special
Committee to comply with their fiduciary  duties under applicable Law (C) the
Special Committee has complied in all  respects with the provisions of
Section 5.2 and (D) not later than the  effective time of such termination,
the Company shall have paid the  Termination Fee pursuant to Section
7.3(b).   Section 7.2. Effect of Termination. In the event of termination
of this Agreement by either the Company or Parent as provided in Section 7.1,
this Agreement will forthwith become void and have no effect, without any
liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company,
provided, however, that (i) the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement,
this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 and Article VIII shall survive such termination
and (ii) payment of the Termination Fee and/or the Parent Expenses shall be
the exclusive remedy of Parent and Merger Sub; provided, further, that
neither the Company, Parent or Merger Sub shall be relieved or released from
any liabilities or damages arising out of its willful and material breach of
any provision of this Agreement. In no event shall any party to this
Agreement be liable for punitive damages.    40     Section 7.3. Fees
and Expenses.   (a) Expenses. Except as provided in this Section 7.3, all
Expenses incurred in connection with the Merger, this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby will be paid by the party incurring such
expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated. In the event that this
Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section
7.1(b)(ii) or by the Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(i) or Section
7.1(c)(ii), then the Company shall promptly reimburse Parent and Merger Sub
for their Expenses, up to an aggregate amount of $2,500,000 (the "Parent
Expenses").   (b) Termination Fee Payable By Company.   (i) In the event
this Agreement is terminated by the Company  pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(ii),
then the Company shall pay Parent within  one (1) business day of delivery of
any notice of termination an amount  equal to $14,000,000 (the "Termination
Fee") payable by wire transfer of  same day funds to an account designated in
writing to the Company by  Parent. Such termination by the Company shall not
become effective until  the Termination Fee shall have been paid. In the
event that this Agreement  is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i),
7.1(b)(ii), Section 7.1(c)(i)  or 7.1(c)(ii), then, in the event that, within
one (1) year following such  termination the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries enters into a  definitive agreement with respect to, or
consummates, any Takeover  Proposal, then the Company shall pay Parent, upon
the earlier to occur of  the execution of such definitive agreement or such
consummation, the  Termination Fee payable by wire transfer of same day funds
to an account  designated in writing to the Company by Parent; provided,
however, that no  such Termination Fee shall be payable to Parent in the
event that a  termination occurs pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(i) unless (A) the
breach of  the representations and warranties giving rise to a termination
pursuant to  Section 7.1(c)(i) results from the intentional and willful
actions or  omissions of the Company, or (B) after the date hereof and prior
to such  termination a Takeover Proposal shall have been made. In the event
that the  Company has previously paid to the Parent Expenses and subsequently
becomes  obligated to pay the Termination Fee, the amount of Parent
Expenses  previously paid shall be credited toward the amount of such
subsequent  Termination Fee. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall
the Company  be obligated to pay, or cause to paid, more than once the
Termination Fee  or the Parent Expenses.   (ii) The Company acknowledges
that the agreements contained in  this Section 7.3 are an integral part of
the transactions contemplated in  this Agreement, that the damages resulting
from termination of this  Agreement under circumstances where a Termination
Fee and the Parent  Expenses are payable are uncertain and incapable of
accurate calculation  and that the amounts payable pursuant to this Section
7.3 are reasonable  forecasts of the actual damages which may be incurred and
constitute  liquidated damages and not a penalty, and that, without these
agreements,  Parent would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the
Company  fails to promptly pay the Termination Fee and/or the Parent Expenses
of the  Parent, and, in order to obtain such payments Parent commences a suit
which  results in a judgment against the Company for    41     the
Termination Fee or Parent Expenses, the Company shall pay to Parent its 
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney\'s fees) in connection 
with such suit.   ARTICLE VIII.  GENERAL PROVISIONS   Section 8.1. Non-
survival of Representations and Warranties. None of the representations and
warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this
Agreement will survive the Effective Time. This Section 8.1 shall not limit
any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms contemplates
performance after the Effective Time.   Section 8.2. Notices. All notices,
requests, claims, demands and other communications under this Agreement must
be in writing and will be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied
(which is confirmed by telephone) or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the
following addresses (or at such other address for a party as is specified by
like notice):   if to the Company, to:   Thomas Nelson, Inc.  501 Nelson
Place  Nashville, Tennessee 37214  Attention: Michael S. Hyatt  President
and Chief Executive Officer  Telephone: (615) 902-2731  Facsimile: (425)
969-5036   with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:   Sherrard
and Roe, PLC  424 Church Street, Suite 2000  Nashville, Tennessee 37219 
Attention: Thomas J. Sherrard  Telephone: (615) 742-4200  Facsimile: (615)
742-4539   if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:   Faith Media Holdings, LLC 
405 Lexington Avenue, 48th Floor  New York, New York 10174  Attention: Mark
J. Coleman, Esq.  Telephone: (212) 503-2855  Facsimile: (212) 983-3174  
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:    42     Milbank,
Tweed, Hadley and McCloy LLP  One Chase Manhattan Plaza  New York, New York
10005  Attention: Thomas C. Janson  Telephone: (212) 530-5921  Facsimile:
(212) 822-5899   Section 8.3. Interpretation. When a reference is made in
this Agreement to an Article, Section or Exhibit, such reference is to an
Article or Section of, or an Exhibit to, this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The table of contents, table of defined terms and headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and do not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the
words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they
will be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." The words
"hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in
this Agreement will refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in this Agreement
will have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document
made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as
well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the
feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or
statute defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that
is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from
time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of
agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes)
by succession of comparable successor statutes. The parties hereto have
participated jointly in the negotiating and drafting of this Agreement
and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent arises, this Agreement
shall be construed as jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party
by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.   Section
8.4. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement
and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by
each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.   Section 8.5.
Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the
documents and instruments relating to the Merger referred to herein) and the
Confidentiality Agreement, taken together with the Company Disclosure
Schedules, (a) constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and (b) except for
the provisions of Section 5.8, are not intended to confer upon any Person
other than the parties any rights or remedies.   Section 8.6. Governing
Law. This Agreement is to be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the laws of the State of Tennessee, regardless of the laws that might
otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict of laws
thereof.    43     Section 8.7. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor
any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement may be
assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the
parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any
assignment in violation of this Section 8.7 will be void and of no effect.
Subject to the preceding two sentences, this Agreement is binding upon,
inures to the benefit of, and is enforceable by, the parties and their
respective successors and assigns.   Section 8.8. Consent to Jurisdiction;
Waiver of Jury Trial.   (a) Each of the parties hereto (i) consents to
submit itself to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States district
court for the Middle District of Tennessee in the event any dispute arises
out of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (ii) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such
personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such
court and (iii) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any
court other than the United States district court for the Middle District of
Tennessee.   (b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY
WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND
DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY
OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
(A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND
HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS
VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
8.8(B).   Section 8.9. Specific Enforcement. The parties agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or
were otherwise breached. The parties accordingly agree that the parties will
be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this
Agreement in the United States district court for the Middle District of
Tennessee, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity.   Section 8.10. Amendment. This Agreement may
be amended by the parties at any time before or after Shareholder Approval or
adoption of this Agreement by Parent as sole shareholder of Merger Sub;
provided, however, that, after such approvals, there is not to be made any
amendment that by Law or stock exchange regulation requires further approval
by the Shareholders or the shareholders of Parent, as applicable, without
further approval of such    44    shareholders. This Agreement may not
be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties.   Section 8.11. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, a party may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of
the obligations or other acts of the other party, (b) waive any inaccuracies
in the representations and warranties of the other party contained in this
Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c)
subject to the proviso of Section 8.10, waive compliance by the other parties
with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement. Any
agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver will be
valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such
party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights
under this Agreement or otherwise will not constitute a waiver of such
rights.   Section 8.12. Severability. If any term or other provision of
this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule
of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this
Agreement will nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in
an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the extent possible.   [Signature Page Follows]    45   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of
the date first written above.   PARENT:   FAITH MEDIA HOLDINGS, LLC  
By: InterMedia Partners, L.P., its  managing member  By: HK Capital
Partners, its general  partner    By: /s/ Leo Hindery, Jr. 
--------------------------------  Name: Leo Hindery, Jr.  Title: General
Partner    MERGER SUB:   FM MERGERCO, INC.    By: /s/ Leo Hindery,
Jr.  --------------------------------  Name: Leo Hindery, Jr.  Title:
Authorized Signatory    COMPANY:   THOMAS NELSON, INC.    By: /s/
Michael S. Hyatt  --------------------------------  Name: Michael S. Hyatt 
Title: CEO     APPENDIX I   DEFINITIONS   The following capitalized
terms used in this Agreement have the meanings set forth or referenced
below:   "Action" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.18.   "Adverse
Recommendation Change" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(b).  
"Affiliate" of any Person means another Person that directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by,
or is under common control with, such first Person, where "control" means the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management policies of a Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.   "Agreement" has
the meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Antitrust Division" means the
Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice.   "Antitrust
Filings" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a).   "Articles of Merger"
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.   "Benefit Plans" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.10(a).   "Budget" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1(a)(x).   "Business Day" means any day other than Saturday,
Sunday or any day on which banking institutions in Nashville, Tennessee are
authorized or required by Law to be closed.   "Certificate" has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.4(b).   "Charter Documents" has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.1.   "Closing" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2.  
"Closing Date" means the date on which the Closing actually occurs.   "Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.  
"Company" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Company Board" has
the meaning set forth in the Recitals.   "Company Capital Stock" means,
collectively, the Company Common Stock and the Company Class B Common
Stock.    App-1     "Company Class B Common Stock" means the shares of
the Class B Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share, of the Company.  
"Company Common Stock" means the shares of the Common Stock, $1.00 par value
per share, of the Company.   "Company Disclosure Schedules" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.2.   "Company Employees" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.11(a)(ii).   "Company Entities" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.2.   "Company Financial Advisor" means UBS Securities LLC.  
"Company Intellectual Property" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.14.  
"Company Preferred Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(a).  
"Company Recommendation" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(b).  
"Company Representatives" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).  
"Company Subsidiaries" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.  
"Confidentiality Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.  
"Data Site" means the data site established by the Company and located
at https://datasite.merrilcorp.com/.   "Effective Time" means the date and
time the Merger becomes effective.   "Employment Agreements" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.10(a).   "Employment Agreements and Plans" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.10(a).   "Environment" means soil, surface
waters, ground water, land, stream sediment, surface and subsurface strata,
ambient air, indoor air or indoor air quality.   "Environmental Claim"
means any written demand, suit, action, proceeding, order, investigation or
notice to any of the Company Entities by any Person alleging any potential
liability under any Environmental Law.   "Environmental Condition" means any
contamination, damage, injury or other condition related to Hazardous
Substances and includes any present or former Hazardous Substance treatment,
storage, or disposal or recycling units, underground storage tanks,
wastewater treatment or management systems, wetlands, sumps, lagoons,
impoundments, landfills, ponds, incinerators, wells, materials containing
asbestos which may become friable, lead paint or PCB-
containing materials.   App-2     "Environmental Laws" means all Laws
relating to pollution or protection of the Environment; emissions,
discharges, Releases or threatened Releases of Hazardous Substances; threats
to human health or ecological resources arising from exposure to Hazardous
Substances; or the manufacture, generation, processing, distribution, use,
sale, treatment, receipt, storage, disposal, transport or handling of
Hazardous Substances; "Environmental Laws" also include those portions of
Laws relating to workplace health and safety that address any of the matters
set forth above.   "Environmental Permit" means all Permits required by any
Governmental Entity in connection with any Environmental Law, including
without limitation all consent orders and binding agreements issued or
entered into by any Governmental Entity, and the timely submission of
applications for Permits, as required under Environmental Laws.   "ERISA"
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  
"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
"Excluded Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).   "Expenses"
shall include all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including all reasonable
and customary fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, investment bankers,
financing sources, experts and consultants to a party hereto and its
Affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection with
or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement, the preparation, printing, filing and
mailing of the Proxy Statement, the solicitation of Shareholder Approval,
financing and all other matters related to the closing of the Merger or any
transaction related thereto.   "FTC" means the United States Federal Trade
Commission.   "GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting
principles.   "Governmental Entity" means any federal, state or local or
foreign government, any court, administrative, regulatory or other
governmental agency, commission or authority or any non-governmental United
States or foreign self-regulatory agency, commission or authority or any
arbitral tribunal.   "Hazardous Substance" means any chemical, substance or
waste that is regulated under any Environmental Law as toxic, hazardous or
radioactive or as a pollutant or a contaminant and any substance that is or
contains asbestos which may become friable, urea formaldehyde foam
insulation, PCBs, mold, petroleum or petroleum products, including without
limitation crude oil and any fractions thereof, natural gas, synthetic gas
and any mixture thereof, leaded paints or radon gas.   "HSR Act" means the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.   "HSR
Filing" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a).    App-3    
"Immediate Family Member" includes a person\'s spouse, parents,
children, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law,
brothers and sisters-in-law, anyone (other than domestic employees) who
shares such person\'s home, and any lineal descendants of the foregoing.  
"Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.8(c).  
"Intellectual Property" means all United States or foreign
intellectual property, including (i) inventions, patents, patent applications
and patent disclosures, together with all reissuances,
continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, revisions, extensions and
reexaminations thereof, (ii) trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names,
corporate names, domain names, trade dress, including all goodwill associated
therewith, and all applications, registrations and renewals in connection
therewith, (iii) copyrights and copyrightable works and all applications,
registrations and renewals in connection therewith, (iv) trade secrets and
confidential business information, whether or not subject to statutory
registration (including research and development, know-how, formulas,
compositions, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, methods,
schematics, technology, technical data, designs, drawings, flowcharts, block
diagrams, specifications, customer and supplier lists, pricing and cost
information and business and marketing plans and proposals), and (v) computer
software (including source code, databases and related documentation) (other
than commercially available off-the-shelf software).   "Interim Period" has
the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a).   "Knowledge" means, with respect
to the Company, the actual knowledge of the individuals set forth on Appendix
I of the Company Disclosure Schedules, and with respect to Parent or Merger
Sub, the actual knowledge of Mark J. Coleman.   "Law" means any foreign,
federal, state, provincial or local civil or criminal law, statute, code,
ordinance, regulation, legally binding rule or other legally enforceable
obligation imposed by a court or other Governmental Entity.   "Leases"
means all leases of real property leased by or to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary.   "Liens" means any pledges, claims, liens, options, charges,
mortgages, easements, restrictions, covenants, conditions of record,
encroachments, possessory rights, options, title and survey matters,
encumbrances and security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever.  
"Material Adverse Effect" means any change, effect, event, occurrence
or state of facts that is or would be materially adverse to the business,
condition (financial or otherwise), assets, properties, results of operations
or prospects of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole,
other than any changes, effects, events, occurrences or state of facts that
result from (i) changes in general economic conditions in the United States
or elsewhere other than such changes that disproportionately impact the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) general changes
or developments in the industry in which the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries operate other than such changes or developments that
disproportionately impact the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, (iii) the announcement of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, (iv) any actions required under this   
App-4    Agreement to obtain any approval or authorization under
applicable antitrust or competition laws for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (v) the effect of incurring and
paying expenses to the Company Financial Advisor and other advisors to the
Company in connection with negotiating, entering into, performing and
consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (vi) changes in
GAAP or the interpretation thereof by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board or the SEC after the date hereof other than such changes that
disproportionately impact the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, and (vii)
any outbreak of major hostilities in which the United States is involved or
any act of insurrection, sabotage or terrorism within the United States or
directed against its facilities or citizens wherever located, other than such
outbreaks or acts that disproportionately impact the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. In addition, adverse developments with
respect to the current ongoing audit relating to the deductions previously
claimed with respect to the stock of C.R. Gibson that occur after the date
hereof shall not be considered, individually or in the aggregate, to
constitute a Material Adverse Effect.   "Material Contract" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.8(a).   "Maximum Premium" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.8(c).   "Merger" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.  
"Merger Sub" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Most Recent
Balance Sheet" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7.   "Multiemployer
Plan" means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA.   "NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange.   "Option" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "Option Consideration" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "Outside Date" has the meaning set
forth in Section 7.1(b)(i).   "Owned Real Property" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.20(a).   "Parent" has the meaning set forth in the
Preamble.   "Parent Entities" has the meaning set forth in Section
4.3(a).   "Parent Expenses" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(a).  
"Parent Subsidiaries" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(a).   "Paying
Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).   "PCBs" means
polychlorinated biphenyls.    App-5     "Per Share Merger
Consideration" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).   "Permit" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.9.   "Permitted Liens" means (i)
mechanics\', carriers\', workmen\'s, repairmen\'s or other like Liens arising
or incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to obligations that
are not delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by the relevant
party or any Subsidiary of it and for which the relevant party or a
Subsidiary of it has established adequate reserves, (ii) Liens for Taxes that
are not due and payable or that may thereafter be paid without interest or
penalty, (iii) Liens that are reflected as liabilities on the balance sheet
of the relevant party and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of the
second quarter of fiscal 2006 contained in its SEC Reports (as hereinafter
defined) or the existence of which is referred to in the notes to such
balance sheet, (iv) Liens arising under conditional sales contracts or
as purchase money security interests for the purchase or lease of personal
property and (v) Liens that, individually or in the aggregate, do not
materially impair, and would not reasonably be expected materially to impair,
the value or the continued use and operation of the assets to which they
relate.   "Permitted Real Property Encumbrances" means (i) easements,
covenants, rights-of-way and other encumbrances or restrictions of record,
(ii) any conditions that a current, accurate survey or physical inspection of
any Owned Real Property may show, (iii) zoning, building and other similar
restrictions and (iv) any unrecorded easements, covenants or rights-of-way
that, individually or in the aggregate, do not materially impair, and would
not reasonably be expected materially to impair, the value or the continued
use and operation of the assets to which they relate.   "Person" means an
individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability
company, unlimited liability company, joint venture, association, trust,
unincorporated organization, Governmental Entity or other entity (including
its permitted successors and assigns).   "Principal Shareholders" has the
meaning set forth in the Recitals.   "Prior Plan" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.11(b).   "Proxy Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.3(c).   "Release" means any (i) releasing, disposing, discharging,
injecting, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, leaching, dumping, emitting,
escaping, emptying, migrating, placing or otherwise entering into the
Environment (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers,
and other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Substances) or (ii)
treating, storing, disposing, arranging for or permitting the disposal of or
handling of any Hazardous Substance.   "Restricted Stock" has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.2(b).   "Revolving Credit Agreement" means the
Revolving Credit Agreement among the Company, as Borrower, the lenders
appointed from time to time and Suntrust Bank as Administrative Agent and
Lender, dated as of June 28, 2002 and amended August 27, 2004.   
App-6     "Royalty Agreement" means an agreement between the Company or
any Company Subsidiary and a creator or copyright proprietor of one or more
works which provides the Company or Company Subsidiary with the right to
publish such work(s) in exchange for such compensation to be paid to creator
or proprietor as set forth in such agreement.   "Sarbanes-Oxley Act" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(b).   "SEC" means the Securities and
Exchange Commission.   "SEC Reports" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.6(a).   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
"Shareholder Approval" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a).  
"Shareholders" mean, collectively, the holders of the issued and outstanding
Company Capital Stock.   "Shareholders\' Meeting" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.3(b).   "Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.1(a).   "Significant Royalty Agreements" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.8(b).   "Special Committee" has the meaning set forth in the
Recitals.   "Stock Plans" means the Company\'s Amended and Restated 1992
Employee Stock Incentive Plan and 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, each as amended
to date, and each other plan, program or arrangement pursuant to which
compensatory equity-related awards may be granted.   "Stock Unit" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c).   "Subsidiary" of any Person means
another Person, an amount of the voting securities, other voting ownership or
voting partnership interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a
majority of its Board of Directors or other governing body (or, if there are
no such voting interests, fifty percent (50%) or more of the equity interest
of which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first Person.  
"Successor Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11(b).   "Superior
Proposal" means a bona fide written Takeover Proposal from any Person to
acquire, directly or indirectly, for consideration consisting of cash and/or
securities, all of the combined voting power of the Company then outstanding
(and which provides for the same price per share for all shares of company
Capital Stock) or all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the
Company that is not subject to any financing condition or to any
other condition to which the Merger is not subject and the Special
Committee determines in its good faith judgment (after consulting its
financial advisors and legal counsel), taking into account legal, regulatory,
financial, timing and similar aspects of the proposal, the consideration
offered and the Person    App-7    making it and any break-up fees and
expense reimbursement provisions proposed, would be more favorable to the
Shareholders than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (for the
avoidance of doubt, a Superior Proposal may be a transaction where the
consideration per share to be received by the Shareholders has a lower
nominal value than the Per Share Merger Consideration or is comprised of cash
and/or other property or securities); provided, that for purposes of this
definition, the term "Company" shall include any successor thereto.  
"Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.  
"Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal, offer, indication
of interest, signed agreement or completed action from any Person relating to
any (A) direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of a business that
constitutes twenty percent (20%) or more of the net revenues, net income or
the assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (B)
direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of equity securities of the
Company representing twenty percent (20%) or more of the combined voting
power of the Company, (C) any tender offer or exchange offer that if
consummated would result in any Person beneficially owning equity securities
of the Company representing twenty percent (20%) or more of the combined
voting power of the Company, (D) any merger, consolidation, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary, other than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (E) the acquisition, license,
purchase or other disposition of the business or assets (including any
capital stock or assets of any Company Subsidiary) of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary representing twenty percent (20%) or more of
the consolidated assets, revenues or earnings of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, outside the ordinary course of
business or inconsistent with past practice or (F) any combination of the
foregoing; provided, that for purposes of this definition, the term "Company"
shall include any successor thereto.   "Takeover Statute" has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.5(c).   "Tax Reserve" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.11.   "Tax Return" means any return, report, statement or
information required to be filed with any Taxing Authority with respect to
Taxes.   "Taxes" means all federal, state or local or foreign net and gross
income, alternative or add-on minimum, environmental, gross receipts, ad
valorem, value added, goods and services, capital stock, profits, license,
single business, employment, severance, stamp, unemployment, customs,
property, sales, excise, use, occupation, service, transfer, payroll,
franchise, withholding, escheat or abandoned property and other taxes,
duties, charges, fees, levies or other assessments imposed by any Taxing
Authority, including any interest, penalties or additions with respect
thereto.   "Taxing Authority" means any domestic, foreign, federal,
national, state, county or municipal or other local government, any
subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof, or any quasi-
governmental body exercising any taxing authority or any other authority
exercising Tax regulatory authority.   "TBCA" means the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, as amended.    App-8     "Termination Fee" has the
meaning set forth in Section 7.3(b).    App-9     EXHIBIT A  
CHARTER   [intentionally omitted]    Ex A-1     EXHIBIT B  
BYLAWS   [intentionally omitted]    Ex B-1   '

