<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>form8k_102104ex101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH. 10.1 STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.1


                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     THIS STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") is made as of the 20th day
of October,  2004 (the  "Effective  Date"),  by and among DST  Systems,  Inc., a
Delaware corporation  ("SELLER"),  Computershare Ltd., an Australian corporation
("CPU"),  Computershare (US), a Delaware general partnership  ("CPUUS") and EQAC
Inc., a Delaware  corporation  ("EQAC").  CPU, CPUUS,  and EQAC are collectively
referred to as "PURCHASERS".

                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS,  Seller  owns all of the  issued  and  outstanding  shares  of the
capital stock of EquiServe,  Inc., a Delaware corporation  ("EQS"),  which stock
shall sometimes hereinafter be referred to as the "SHARES"; and

     WHEREAS,  EQAC  desires to purchase  and Seller  desires to sell all of the
Shares upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

     WHEREAS,  CPUUS is the parent entity of EQAC and CPU is the ultimate parent
entity  of  CPUUS,  and each of them  will  derive  substantial  value  from the
Transactions.

     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
set forth below, and for other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and
sufficiency  of  which is  hereby  acknowledged,  the  parties  hereto  agree as
follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1
                                   DEFINITIONS

     1.1 DEFINITIONS.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the meanings set forth below:

     "ACQUISITION  TRANSACTION"  means any  transaction  involving the direct or
indirect  acquisition of all or any portion of the equity interests or Assets of
either  Company  or a  merger,  consolidation  or  other  business  combination,
acquisition,  purchase, sale, transfer or conveyance pursuant to which any other
Person  would  directly  or  indirectly  acquire the  Business  or any  interest
therein.

     "AFFILIATE"   means,   with  respect  to  any  Person,   any  other  Person
controlling, controlled by or under common control with, such Person. As used in
this  definition,   the  term  "control"  means  the  possession,   directly  or
indirectly,  of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a Person,  whether  through the ownership of voting  securities,  by
contract,  or  otherwise.  The parties  acknowledge  that the entities  shown on
Section 1.1(a) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule (the  "Excluded  Entities")
shall not be  considered  Affiliates  of Seller  so long as  Seller's  ownership
interest in such entities'  issued and  outstanding  voting  securities does not
exceed fifty percent (50%).

<PAGE>

     "ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS" means additional agreements entered into between the
parties and their  Affiliates  to be effective  as of the Closing,  as listed on
Section 1.1(b) of the Seller's Disclosure Schedule.

     "BANK ONE CORPORATION AGREEMENTS" means the Contribution  Agreement,  dated
as of  February  9, 1998,  between  EQS and Bank One  Corporation,  as  modified
pursuant to Section 7.3 of the  Agreement  for Purchase and Sale of  Partnership
Interests,  dated December 7, 2000,  between Bank One Corporation and Seller and
the  Reconciliation  Project Plan, dated as of December 7, 2000, between EQS and
Bank One Corporation, as each has been amended or modified to date.

     "BUSINESS  DAY" means a day other than a  Saturday,  Sunday or other day on
which  commercial  banks in Kansas  City,  Missouri  or New  York,  New York are
authorized or required by Law to close.

     "CIBCA" means the Change in Bank Control Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(j)).

     "CLAIM"  means  a suit,  proceeding,  hearing,  investigation,  litigation,
written charge, complaint, claim or demand.

     "CODE"  means  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986  and  the  rules  and
regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended and in effect from time to time.

     "COMPANIES" means EQS and EquiServe Trust, collectively.

     "COMPANY" means EQS and EquiServe Trust, individually.

     "COMPETING BUSINESS" means the provision of services to Issuers to transfer
a shareholder's  stock,  disburse and reinvest  dividends,  solicit and tabulate
proxies,   provide  merger  and  acquisition  services  in  the  capacity  of  a
depositary,  exchange agent or information agent (but excluding the provision of
investment  banking advice),  conduct small shareholder  (odd-lot)  programs and
post-merger  cleanup programs and provide employee stock purchase plan and stock
option plan services and the provision of class action  administration  services
in the United States,  but not including (i) the provision of services described
in  those  Ancillary  Agreements   designated  in  Section  1.1(b)  of  Seller's
Disclosure  Schedule  as the  "Designated  Ancillary  Agreements",  or (ii)  the
provision of class action administration services to the mutual fund industry.

     "DEFINED  WORKING  CAPITAL" means the  difference,  which may be a negative
number,  between (i) the sum of the balances in the  following  asset  accounts:
cash,  customer  receivables  (net of allowance  for doubtful  accounts),  other
receivables and prepaid  expenses and other current assets,  and (ii) the sum of
the balances in the  following  liability  accounts:  accounts  payable - trade,
accrued expenses (excluding account 24005- general reserve), payables to related
parties, deferred revenue and other short term liabilities,  as reflected on the
books and records of EQS.

     "DOLLARS" or the symbol "$" shall represent United States Dollars.

<PAGE>

     "EQUISERVE  TRUST" means  EquiServe  Trust,  N.A., a national trust company
owned by EQS.

     "ESCHEATMENT  LIABILITY"  means  Liabilities  of the Companies  relating to
escheatment,  including  without  limitation  obligations  of the  companies  to
deliver  property to  Governmental  Authorizies or third parties acting on their
behalf, pay penalties and/or interest to Governmental  Authorities in respect of
their  actions or  omissions  relating  to the  escheatment  of property or make
payemnt  to any other  Person in  respect of the  escheatment  practices  of the
Companies.

     "GAAP"  means  generally  accepted  accounting   principles,   consistently
applied,  as used in a Person's country of domicile as in effect at the time any
applicable  financial  statements  were or are prepared or any act requiring the
application of GAAP was or is performed.

     "GOVERNMENTAL   AUTHORITY"  means  (i)  when  applicable  to  Seller,  EQS,
EquiServe Trust, CPUUS, EQAC and any of their Affiliates domiciled in the United
States,  any United States  federal,  territorial,  state or local  governmental
authority,  quasi-governmental authority, instrumentality,  court, government or
self-regulatory  organization,  commission,  tribunal  or  organization  or  any
regulatory,   administrative   or  other  agency,  or  any  political  or  other
subdivision,  department or branch of any of the foregoing, or any arbitrator or
mediator, and (ii) when applicable to CPU and any of its Affiliates domiciled in
Australia,  the  government  of the  Commonwealth  of  Australia or any state or
territory  or  other   political   subdivision   of  Australia   including   any
administrative   or   judicial   body,   department,    commission,   authority,
instrumentality,  tribunal,  agency  or  entity  of any such  government  or any
arbitrator or mediator.

     "IDENTIFIED  LIABILITIES"  means  those  Liabilities  set forth in  SECTION
1.1(c) of Purchasers' Disclosure Schedule.

     "INDEBTEDNESS"  means, with respect to any Person,  (a) all indebtedness of
such Person, whether or not contingent,  for borrowed money, (b) all obligations
of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services,  (c) all
obligations  of such  Person  evidenced  by notes,  bonds,  debentures  or other
similar  instruments,   (d)  all  indebtedness  created  or  arising  under  any
conditional  sale or other title  retention  agreement  with respect to property
acquired  by such  Person,  (e) all  capital  leases,  and (f) all  obligations,
contingent or otherwise,  of such Person under  acceptance,  letter of credit or
similar facilities.

     "ISSUERS" means U.S. corporations, other U.S. securities issuers, including
limited  partnerships,  and issuers of American Depository Receipts and American
Depository Shares (excluding open-end and closed-end investment companies,  i.e.
mutual funds,  open-end and closed-end unit investment  trusts,  hedge funds and
real estate investment trusts).

     "INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY"  means (a) all inventions  (whether  patentable or
unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice),  all improvements thereto,
and  all

<PAGE>

patents,  (b) all  trademarks,  together  with  all  translations,  adaptations,
derivations,  and  combinations  thereof and including  all goodwill  associated
therewith,  (c) all copyrightable  works, all copyrights,  and all applications,
registrations,  and  renewals in  connection  therewith,  and (d) all copies and
tangible embodiments thereof (in whatever form or medium).

     "KNOWLEDGE"  means,  whether  capitalized  or  not:  (a)  with  respect  to
Purchasers,  the actual knowledge of Tom Honan, Penny Maclagan, Chris Morris, or
Steven Rothbloom,  without further investigation and without regard to whether a
Person had reason to know, and (b) with respect to Seller,  the actual knowledge
of Michael  Gentry,  Gregg Wm.  Givens,  Kenneth V. Hager or Thomas A. McDonnell
after due inquiry of Stephen Cesso,  Deborah A. Culhane,  Donald J. Kenney, John
E. Morgan,  Cathleen Moynihan and Charles V. Rossi and, except for such inquiry,
without further  investigation and without regard to whether a Person had reason
to know.

     "LAW" means (i) when applicable to Seller,  EQS,  EquiServe  Trust,  CPUUS,
EQAC and any of their  Affiliates  domiciled  in the United  States,  any United
States federal,  state,  provincial,  local,  county,  city,  municipal or other
administrative  order,  constitution,  law, ordinance,  directive,  principle of
common law,  regulation,  rule,  restriction,  statute or treaty,  and (ii) when
applicable  to CPU  and  any of  its  Affiliates  domiciled  in  Australia,  any
Commonwealth of Australia  federal,  state,  provincial,  local,  county,  city,
municipal  or  other  administrative   order,   constitution,   law,  ordinance,
directive,  principle of common law, regulation,  rule, restriction,  statute or
treaty.

     "LIABILITY"   means,   with  respect  to  any  Person,   any  financial  or
non-financial  liability or obligation of such Person of any kind,  character or
description,  absolute  or  contingent,  accrued  or  unaccrued,  liquidated  or
unliquidated, secured or unsecured and whether or not the same is required to be
accrued on the financial statements of such Person.

     "LIEN" means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, deed of trust, title
defect lien, pledge, security interest, hypothecation,  restriction, encumbrance
or charge of any kind in respect of such asset.

     "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means the magnitude of any events,  circumstances
or conditions is  substantial  enough such that, as a result,  the Companies are
unable to operate in the Ordinary Course of Business.

     "MINIMUM THRESHOLD AMOUNT" means Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000).

     "MINIMUM DEFINED WORKING CAPITAL" means a negative balance of Seven Million
Six Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Dollars (-$7,675,000.00).

     "MAXIMUM  DEFINED WORKING CAPITAL" means a negative balance of Five Million
Six Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Dollars (-$5,675,000.00).

     "OCC" means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

<PAGE>

     "ORDINARY  COURSE OF BUSINESS"  means the  ordinary  course of the business
operations of the Companies consistent with past custom and practice.

     "OTHER BID" means any proposal or offer in connection  with an  Acquisition
Transaction, other than the Transactions.

     "PERSON"  means  any  individual,  partnership,  corporation,  association,
trust, limited liability company, joint partnership, unincorporated organization
and any government or political subdivision thereof,  governmental department or
agency.

     "PURCHASERS'  DISCLOSURE  SCHEDULE"  means  the  disclosure  schedule  that
Purchasers  have delivered to Seller on the date of this Agreement  prior to the
execution hereof.

     "REFERENCE DATE" means June 30, 2004.

     "RETURNS" means all returns, declarations,  reports, estimates, information
returns,   elections,   consents,   notices,  forms,  documents  and  statements
(including all schedules,  exhibits and other  attachments  thereto) relating to
any Taxes.

     "SELLER'S  DISCLOSURE  SCHEDULE" means the disclosure  schedule that Seller
has delivered to Purchasers on the date of this Agreement prior to the execution
hereof.

     "TARGET  DEFINED WORKING  CAPITAL" means a negative  balance of Six Million
Six Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Dollars  (-$6,675,000.00) and, for purposes of
clarity,  this  means that the  difference  between  the assets and  liabilities
comprising  Target Defined Working Capital will be a negative number because the
aggregate of the balances in the liability accounts will exceed the aggregate of
the balances in the asset accounts.

     "TAX"  or  "TAXES"  means  all  taxes,  charges,   fees,  levies  or  other
assessments, including all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use,
ad valorem, transfer,  franchise, profits, license,  registration,  value added,
alternative,  withholding,  payroll, employment, social security,  unemployment,
excise,  estimated,  severance,  stamp, occupation,  environmental,  property or
other taxes,  including all interest and penalties thereon, and additions to tax
or additional amounts imposed by any Governmental  Authority upon either Company
or otherwise associated with the Business.

     "TAX  AFFILIATE"  means each  Company and any other Person that is or was a
member of an affiliated, combined or unitary group of which either Company is or
was a member.

     "TRANSACTIONS"  means the purchase and sale of the Shares,  the delivery of
the CPU Shares and the other  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  to
occur at the Closing.

     1.2 CROSS REFERENCES TO CERTAIN TERMS DEFINED ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT.

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>               <C>                                                   <C>

                                      TERM                                         SECTION

                  Accounting Firm                                                  2.14(d)
                  Agreement                                                       Preamble
                  ASX                                                              2.4(c)
                  Benefit Plans                                                    3.9(a)
                  Changed Circumstances                                            5.6(b)
                  CPUUS                                                           Preamble
                  Closing                                                            2.3
                  Closing Date                                                       2.3
                  Closing Date Balance Sheet                                       2.14(a)
                  COBRA                                                            5.21(e)
                  Company Employees                                                5.21(a)
                  Company Flex Plan                                                5.21(c)
                  Company Plans                                                    5.21(b)
                  control                                                   Affiliate Definition
                  EQAC                                                            Preamble
                  CPU                                                             Preamble
                  CPU Financial Statements                                         4.8(a)
                  CPU Shares                                                       2.2(b)
                  CPU Welfare Plans                                                5.21(d)
                  Designated Ancillary Agreements                       Competing Business Definition
                  Disclosing Party                                                   5.1
                  Disclosure Date                                                    2.8
                  Disclosure Notice                                                2.4(c)
                  Dispute Accountants                                              2.14(d)
                  Dispute Notice                                                   2.14(c)
                  Dividend                                                          2.13
                  DST Flex Plan                                                    5.21(c)
                  Effective Date                                                  Preamble
                  EQS                                                             Recitals
                  EQS Common Stock                                                 3.3(a)
                  EQS Intellectual Property                                         3.15
                  EQS System Software                                               3.15
                  EquiServe Trust Common Stock                                     3.3(b)
                  EquiServe Trust Shares                                           3.3(b)
                  ERISA                                                            3.9(a)
                  ERISA Affiliates                                                 3.9(e)
                  Excluded Entities                                         Affiliate Definition
                  Excluded Information                                            2.5(a)(i)
                  Financial Statements                                             3.12(a)
                  Indemnification Period                                           8.1(b)
                  Indemnified Party                                                8.3(a)
                  Indemnifying Party                                               8.3(a)
                  Information                                                        5.1
                  Interim Financial Statements                                     3.12(b)
                  Major Customers                                                  3.16(a)

<PAGE>

                  Major Suppliers                                                  3.16(b)
                  Material Contracts                                                3.10
                  Notice                                                           7.1(e)
                  Purchase Price                                                     2.2
                  Purchaser(s)                                                    Preamble
                  Purchasers' Losses                                               8.1(a)
                  Rectification Date                                               2.5(b)
                  Restricted Period                                                5.6(a)
                  Retained Plans                                                   5.21(a)
                  Rights                                                           3.3(a)
                  Seller                                                          Preamble
                  Seller's Losses                                                  8.2(a)
                  Shares                                                          Recitals
                  Third Party Claim                                                8.3(a)

</TABLE>


                                   ARTICLE 2
                        PURCHASE AND SALE; PURCHASE PRICE

     2.1 PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE SHARES. At the Closing (as defined below), and
in the manner herein provided,  Seller hereby agrees to sell,  transfer,  assign
and  deliver  all of the Shares to EQAC,  and EQAC  hereby  agrees to  purchase,
acquire and accept from Seller, all of the Shares,  free and clear of all Liens.
Purchasers will cause EQAC to satisfy its  obligations  pursuant to this Article
2.

     2.2 PURCHASE  PRICE.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and in  consideration  of the sale,  transfer and delivery to EQAC of all of the
Shares,  Purchasers  hereby agree to pay the following  amounts to Seller (as it
may be adjusted in  accordance  with  Section  2.14,  the  "PURCHASE  PRICE") in
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below:

          (a) At the  Closing,  EQAC  will  pay  Seller  the sum of Two  Hundred
     Sixteen  Million Dollars  ($216,000,000),  via wire transfer of immediately
     available  funds in accordance  with  instructions  delivered  prior to the
     Closing Date by Seller to EQAC.

          (b) At the Closing,  EQAC will  deliver,  subject to Section  2.11, to
     Seller Twenty Nine Million Six Hundred Five Thousand  (29,605,000) ordinary
     shares in the capital of CPU (the "CPU SHARES"),  which shall be issued and
     allotted to Seller by CPU.

     2.3 CLOSING.  Unless otherwise mutually agreed, the closing  ("CLOSING") of
the sale and  purchase  of the Shares  shall take place at the offices of Seller
the fifth  business day following the  satisfaction  or waiver of the conditions
set forth in Article 6 of this Agreement. The date on which the Closing actually
occurs is hereinafter referred to as the "CLOSING DATE".

<PAGE>

     2.4 CLOSING OBLIGATIONS.

          (a) At the Closing,  Seller shall deliver to  Purchasers  certificates
     representing  the Shares,  duly endorsed (or  accompanied  by duly executed
     stock powers).

          (b) At the Closing,  Purchasers shall deliver (i) to Seller the sum of
     Two Hundred Sixteen Million Dollars ($216,000,000), and, if applicable, the
     Additional  Amount,  and (ii) to  Seller,  or an  Affiliate  of  Seller  in
     accordance with written  instructions  from Seller, a holding  statement in
     respect of the CPU Shares in accordance with the ASTC Settlement Rules.

          (c) At the Closing,  CPU shall (i) apply for official quotation of the
     CPU Shares on the Australian  Stock  Exchange  ("ASX") by delivering an ASX
     Listing Rule Appendix 3B to the ASX with a copy to Seller,  and, subject to
     Section 2.5(a) and Section 2.5(b), (ii) deliver a notice that complies with
     section  708A(5)(e)  and 708A(6) of the  Australian  Corporations  Act (the
     "DISCLOSURE NOTICE") to the ASX with a copy to Seller.

          (d) At the  Closing,  Seller  shall,  and  shall  cause  its  relevant
     Affiliates to, execute and deliver the Ancillary Agreements to which Seller
     and/or such Affiliates are proposed to be a party.

          (e)  Purchasers  shall,  and shall cause the Companies to, execute and
     deliver the Ancillary  Agreements to which Purchasers and/or either Company
     is proposed to be a party.

          (f) At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Purchasers:

               (i) a true and correct copy of the  Certificate of  Incorporation
          of each  Company,  certified by the Secretary of State of the State of
          Delaware or the OCC, as applicable.

               (ii) a true  and  correct  copy of the  Bylaws  of each  Company,
          together  with all  amendments  thereto,  in effect as of the  Closing
          Date, certified by an officer of Seller.

               (iii) a  certificate  of good  standing for each Company from its
          jurisdiction  of  incorporation  and each of the states in which it is
          qualified to do  business,  dated no more than seven (7) days prior to
          the Closing Date.

               (iv) letters of resignation  executed by each of the officers and
          directors  of the  Companies  who are  employees  of Seller  and those
          identified  by CPU a  reasonable  time prior to the Closing  Date,  or
          proof of their termination or removal.

<PAGE>

               (v) all  original  stock  books,  registers  and  records for the
          Companies, including the corporate seal, if any.

     2.5 DEFERRAL OF CLOSING OBLIGATIONS.

          (a) Subject to Section 2.7, CPU shall have no obligation at Closing to
     deliver a notice to the ASX under  Section  2.4(c)(ii),  if at Closing  CPU
     has:

               (i)  'excluded  information'  (within the meaning of that term in
          section  708A(7)  of  the  Australian   Corporations  Act)  ("EXCLUDED
          INFORMATION") that concerns an incomplete  proposal or negotiation and
          the  board of CPU  acting in good  faith  reasonably  determines  that
          disclosure of the Excluded  Information  to the ASX is not in the best
          interests  of CPU and will  have a  materially  adverse  effect on the
          relevant matter which is the subject of the Excluded Information; or

               (ii) Excluded  Information that comprises  matters of supposition
          or is  insufficiently  definite to warrant  disclosure and CPU becomes
          aware of the  relevant  matter  which is the  subject of the  Excluded
          Information  within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and the board of
          CPU acting in good faith has taken all  reasonable  steps to  disclose
          the relevant matter which is the subject of the Excluded Information.

          (b) If Section 2.5(a) applies,  CPU must within five (5) business days
     of the Closing Date (the "Rectification  Date") deliver a Disclosure Notice
     to the ASX with a copy to Seller unless at the Rectification Date CPU has:

               (i) Excluded  Information that concerns an incomplete proposal or
          negotiation  and the  board of CPU  acting  in good  faith  reasonably
          determines that  disclosure of the Excluded  Information to the ASX is
          not in the best  interests of CPU and will have a  materially  adverse
          effect on the  relevant  matter  which is the subject of the  Excluded
          Information; or

               (ii) Excluded  Information that comprises  matters of supposition
          or is  insufficiently  definite to warrant  disclosure and CPU becomes
          aware of the  relevant  matter  which is the  subject of the  Excluded
          Information  within  ten (10) days of the  Rectification  Date and the
          board of CPU  acting in good faith has taken all  reasonable  steps to
          disclose  the  relevant  matter  which is the subject of the  Excluded
          Information.

          (c) If Section  2.5(b)  applies,  CPU must within sixty (60)  business
     days of the Closing  Date prepare and lodge a Section  708A(11)  Prospectus
     with ASIC to cause section  708A(11) of the Australian  Corporations Act to
     apply in respect of a Sale Offer.

<PAGE>

     2.6 PROVISION OF EXCLUDED INFORMATION. CPU must two (2) Business Days prior
to the Closing  Date  provide the Seller with any  information  that is Excluded
Information.

     2.7 DELIVERY OF DISCLOSURE NOTICE AT CLOSING.  CPU must take all reasonable
steps to deliver a Disclosure Notice to the ASX at Closing (including taking all
reasonable steps to be in a position to deliver the Disclosure Notice).

     2.8  LIMITATION ON SECONDARY  SALES.  If Section  2.5(a) or Section  2.5(b)
applies,  the  Seller  must not offer the CPU  Shares for sale if the sale offer
requires  disclosure  under section  707(3) of the Australian  Corporations  Act
until the earlier of the date ("Disclosure Date"):

          (a) CPU was  required to deliver a  Disclosure  Notice  under  Section
     2.5(b); or

          (b) CPU was required to lodge a Section 708A(11)  Prospectus with ASIC
     under Section 2.5(c).

     2.9 UNDERTAKING IN RESPECT OF SECONDARY SALES. If Section 2.5(a) or Section
2.5(b)  applies  and the Seller  sells  some or all the CPU Shares  prior to the
Disclosure Date, the Seller must obtain an undertaking from any purchaser of the
CPU Shares that:

          (a) the purchaser is a "sophisticated investor" (within the meaning of
     section  708(8)  of the  Australian  Corporations  Act) or a  "professional
     investor"  (within  the  meaning  of  section  708(11)  of  the  Australian
     Corporations Act;) and

          (b) the purchaser  will not offer the CPU Shares for sale prior to the
     Disclosure Date if the Sale Offer requires  disclosure under section 707(3)
     of the Australian Corporations Act.

     2.10  SELLER  AGREES TO  ACQUIRE  CPU  SHARES BY WAY OF ISSUE.  Where  this
Agreement  requires  CPU to issue the CPU  Shares to  Seller,  Seller  agrees to
accept those shares, become a member of CPU and be bound by CPU's constitution.

     2.11 CPU OBLIGATIONS.  For purposes of clarity,  but without  limitation to
Sections  2.5(a) or 2.5(b),  no later than the  expiration of the sixty (60) day
period  following  the  Closing  Date,  there  will  be no  impediments  on  the
transferability of the CPU Shares by Seller.

     2.12 Adjustment of CPU Shares. If at any time between the execution of this
document and the Closing Date there occurs any  reorganization of the capital of
CPU, including any consolidation,  subdivision, capital reduction,  cancellation
of capital,  stock split, stock dividend,  capital return or similar event, then
at Closing the number of CPU Shares must be  recalculated  and  reorganized or a
cash payment must be made to Seller (as the case may be) so that Seller receives
the same benefit it would have received if it held the CPU Shares as at the date
of execution of this document.

<PAGE>

     2.13 PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS.  If, following the Conditions Satisfaction Date,
any dividend or other  distribution  of profits  ("DIVIDEND")  is paid by CPU to
holders of  ordinary  shares in the  capital of CPU,  CPU must  ensure  that the
Dividend is also paid to Seller.

     2.14 POST-CLOSING ADJUSTMENTS.

          (a) Within  sixty  (60) days  after the  Closing  Date,  Seller  shall
     deliver  to  Purchasers  a  consolidated  unaudited  balance  sheet  of the
     Companies  dated as of the Closing Date (the "CLOSING DATE BALANCE  SHEET")
     prepared in accordance  with GAAP on a basis  consistent with the unaudited
     Interim   Financial   Statements  and  in  accordance  with  the  following
     accounting  protocols:  (i) the accounts entitled "due from DST" and "taxes
     payable/receivable"  will have a zero  balance on the Closing  Date Balance
     Sheet, and (ii) the account entitled  "deferred taxes" will not necessarily
     have a zero balance.

          (b) In the event that the amount of Defined Working Capital  reflected
     on the Closing Date Balance Sheet is less than the Minimum  Defined Working
     Capital,  Seller  shall  pay  to  the  Purchasers,   by  wire  transfer  of
     immediately  available  funds,  the amount  necessary to achieve the Target
     Defined  Working  Capital  as of the  Closing  Date.  In the event that the
     amount of Defined  Working  Capital  reflected  on the Closing Date Balance
     Sheet is greater than the Maximum Defined Working Capital, Purchasers shall
     pay to Seller, by wire transfer of immediately  available funds, the amount
     by which the Defined  Working  Capital  exceeds the Target Defined  Working
     Capital as of the Closing  Date.  Any  payments  required  pursuant to this
     subparagraph  (b)  shall be made  within  thirty  (30) days  following  the
     delivery by Purchasers of the Closing Date Balance Sheet,  unless a Dispute
     Notice (defined below) is delivered.

          (c) If, within thirty (30) calendar days after the date of delivery to
     Purchasers of the Closing Date Balance Sheet, Purchasers dispute the amount
     of Defined Working Capital reflected therein,  Purchasers will give written
     notice to Seller within such thirty (30) calendar day period  specifying in
     reasonable detail  Purchasers' basis for its dispute (a "DISPUTE  NOTICE").
     In its review of the Closing  Date  Balance  Sheet,  Purchasers  shall have
     reasonable  access to Seller's  work papers  relating  thereto and Seller's
     accountants,  subject to whatever releases and indemnifications that may be
     requested by such  accountants.  In the event that Purchasers notify Seller
     in writing that it has accepted the Closing Date Balance  Sheet,  or in the
     event that  Purchasers  do not issue a Dispute  Notice  within  thirty (30)
     calendar  days of delivery  of the Closing  Date  Balance  Sheet,  then the
     Closing  Date  Balance  Sheet shall  become the final and binding  upon the
     parties  for  purposes  of any  adjustment  required  pursuant  to  Section
     2.14(b).

          (d) If  Purchasers  deliver a Dispute  Notice  to Seller  within  such
     30-day period,  Seller and Purchasers  shall work together in good faith to
     seek to resolve the  dispute  over the  correct  amount of Defined  Working
     Capital.  If Seller and Purchasers are unable to resolve their disagreement
     within 15 calendar days after  delivery of a Dispute  Notice by Purchasers,
     the dispute shall be referred for  determination to a nationally known firm
     of independent  public accountants (an "ACCOUNTING FIRM") mutually selected
     by Seller  and  Purchasers  (the  "DISPUTE  ACCOUNTANTS")  as  promptly  as
     practicable. In the event that

<PAGE>

     Seller and Purchasers are unable to agree on the Dispute Accountants,  then
     the Parties agree to retain KPMG, LLP. The Dispute  Accountants will make a
     determination  as to the correct amount of Defined Working  Capital,  which
     determination  will be (a) in writing,  (b) furnished to each of Seller and
     Purchasers as promptly as  practicable  after the dispute has been referred
     to the Dispute Accountants, (c) made in accordance with this Agreement, and
     (d)  conclusive  and binding.  Seller and  Purchasers  will use  reasonable
     commercial  efforts  to cause  the  Dispute  Accountants  to  render  their
     decision  within  thirty  (30) days of  submitting  such  dispute and shall
     promptly  comply with all  reasonable  written  requests  for  information,
     books,  records  and  similar  items.  Neither  party will  disclose to the
     Dispute Accountants,  and the Dispute Accountants will not consider for any
     purpose,  any settlement offer made by either party. Any payments  required
     upon the determination by the Dispute  Accountants shall be made within ten
     (10) days following such determination.

          (e) Purchasers  shall pay the fees and expenses charged by any Dispute
     Accountant  retained  hereunder,  unless any payment required to be made by
     Seller  pursuant to this Section 2.14 is greater  than  $250,000,  in which
     case Seller shall pay such fees and expenses.

     2.15 TAX ELECTIONS.  At the election of Purchasers,  Seller shall join with
Purchasers  and make an election  with  respect to the  Transactions  under Code
section 338(h)(10) and the Regulations  thereunder,  and under any similar state
statute or regulation.  At the request of  Purchasers,  Seller shall execute any
and all documents  (including  without  limitation Forms 8023 and 8883) and take
any and all actions necessary, including providing all required information on a
timely basis, to cause such election to become effective.  Purchasers and Seller
shall mutually agree to the "aggregate deemed sales price" and the allocation of
such price for the purposes of such  election.  Purchasers and Seller agree that
neither of them shall take any action to modify or withdraw  such  election  and
shall file all Tax returns  (including  Form 8883) in a manner  consistent  with
such  election and the  "aggregate  deemed sales price" and  allocation  of such
price jointly agreed by Purchasers and Seller.

                                   ARTICLE 3
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

     As a material inducement to Purchasers to enter into this Agreement, Seller
hereby represents and warrants to Purchasers as follows:

     3.1 ORGANIZATION.

          (a) Seller is a corporation  duly organized,  validly  existing and in
     good  standing  under  the  laws  of the  State  of  Delaware,  and has all
     requisite  corporate  power and  authority to (i) own the Shares,  and (ii)
     enter into this Agreement and perform all of its obligations hereunder.

          (b) EQS is a corporation duly organized,  validly existing and in good
     standing  under the laws of the State of  Delaware,  and has all  requisite
     corporate

<PAGE>

     power and authority to (i) own all of the EquiServe Trust Shares, (ii) own,
     operate  or  lease  the  assets  owned  or used by it and to  carry  on its
     business as now  conducted  by it. EQS is duly  licensed or qualified to do
     business and is in good standing in the  jurisdictions set forth in Section
     3.1(b) of the Seller's Disclosure Schedule.  True and correct copies of the
     certificate of  incorporation  and by-laws of EQS, each as in effect on the
     date  hereof,  are attached to Section  3.1(b) of the  Seller's  Disclosure
     Schedule.

          (c) EquiServe Trust is a national trust company  chartered by the OCC,
     is  validly  existing  and in good  standing  under the Laws of the  United
     States of America and has all  requisite  corporate  power and authority to
     own,  operate or lease the  assets  owned or used by it and to carry on its
     business as now conducted by it. EquiServe Trust is chartered by the OCC to
     carry on the business reflected in its charter.  True and correct copies of
     the charter, articles of incorporation and by-laws of EquiServe Trust, each
     as in effect on the date  hereof,  are  attached  to Section  3.1(c) of the
     Seller's Disclosure Schedule.

     3.2 AUTHORITY;  ENFORCEABILITY.  The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of Seller  and will not  result in any  violation  of or  conflict  with or
constitute  a  default  under  (i) any term of the  charter  or  bylaws or other
constitutive  documents of Seller,  (ii) any  agreement,  instrument,  judgment,
decree,  order,  statute,  rule or governmental  regulation applicable to Seller
other than such  violations or conflicts  which would not  materially  adversely
affect the ability of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
This  Agreement has been duly  executed and delivered by Seller and  constitutes
the legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller enforceable  against Seller in
accordance with the terms hereof.

     3.3 CAPITALIZATION OF THE COMPANIES.

          (a) EQS's authorized capital stock consists of 75,000 shares of common
     stock (the "EQS Common  Stock"),  with a par value of $1.00 per share.  The
     Shares  are the only  shares  of EQS  Common  Stock  which are  issued  and
     outstanding. There are no options, warrants, subscriptions,  puts, calls or
     other rights,  commitments,  undertakings or  understandings  ("RIGHTS") to
     acquire, dispose of or restrict the transfer of, any capital stock or other
     securities of any kind or class of EQS, except such  restrictions as may be
     imposed by applicable  federal or state  securities laws. All of the Shares
     are duly authorized,  validly issued,  fully paid and non-assessable,  were
     issued in  compliance  with all  applicable  Laws,  and were not  issued in
     violation  of the  preemptive  right of any  Person.  There  are no  voting
     trusts,   stockholder   agreements,   proxies   or  other   agreements   or
     understandings  in effect with  respect to the voting or transfer of any of
     the EQS Common Stock, nor is there any Indebtedness of EQS granting holders
     thereof  the  right to vote (or  convertible  into,  or  exchangeable  for,
     securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which holders of EQS
     Common Stock may vote.

<PAGE>

          (b) EquiServe Trust's  authorized  capital stock consists of 1,000,000
     shares of common stock ("EQUISERVE  TRUST COMMON STOCK"),  with a par value
     of $1.00 per share.  500,000  shares of  EquiServe  Trust Common Stock (the
     "EQUISERVE   TRUST  SHARES")  are  issued  and  outstanding  and  are  held
     beneficially and of record by EQS. There are no Rights to acquire,  dispose
     of or restrict the transfer of, any capital  stock or other  securities  of
     any kind or class of EquiServe  Trust,  except such  restrictions as may be
     imposed  by  applicable  federal  or  state  securities  laws.  All  of the
     EquiServe Trust Shares are duly authorized,  validly issued, fully paid and
     non-assessable,  were issued in compliance  with all  applicable  Laws, and
     were not issued in violation of the preemptive  right of any Person.  There
     are no voting trusts,  stockholder agreements,  proxies or other agreements
     or  understandings  in effect with respect to the voting or transfer of any
     of the  EquiServe  Trust Common  Stock,  nor is there any  Indebtedness  of
     EquiServe Trust granting  holders thereof the right to vote (or convertible
     into,  or  exchangeable  for,  securities  having the right to vote) on any
     matters on which holders of EquiServe Trust Common Stock may vote.

          (c) Except for EQS's interest in EquiServe  Trust,  there are no other
     corporations,  partnerships, joint ventures, associations or other entities
     in which either  Company  owns,  of record or  beneficially,  any direct or
     indirect equity or other interest or any right (contingent or otherwise) to
     acquire  the same.  Neither  Company is a member of (nor is any part of the
     business of the Companies  conducted through) any partnership nor is either
     Company a participant in any joint venture or similar arrangement.

     3.4 TITLE TO THE  SHARES.  Seller  owns all of the Shares free and clear of
any and all Liens,  subject to  restrictions  imposed by  applicable  federal or
state securities laws which  restrictions do not adversely affect good and valid
title to the Shares.  EQS owns 100% of all the  EquiServe  Trust Shares free and
clear of any Liens. At the Closing,  Seller shall deliver to EQAC good and valid
title to the Shares free and clear of any and all Liens, subject to restrictions
imposed by applicable federal or state securities Laws which restrictions do not
adversely  affect the  ability of Seller to deliver to EQAC good and valid title
to the Shares.

     3.5 CONSENTS. Except as described in Section 3.5 of the Seller's Disclosure
Schedule,  and except with  respect to consents  required  under any contract or
agreement  to  which  the  Companies  are  a  party,  no  consent,  approval  or
authorization   of,  or   registration,   qualification   or  filing  with,  any
Governmental  Authority  or other  Person  is  required  for the  execution  and
delivery of this Agreement by Seller or for the  consummation  by Seller and the
Companies of the transactions contemplated hereby.

     3.6  COMPLIANCE  WITH LAWS.  Except as described in Section 3.6 of Seller's
Disclosure Schedule,  each Company has complied and continues to comply with (i)
its charter,  articles or  certificate of  incorporation  and bylaws and (ii) to
Seller's  Knowledge,  applicable  Law and has all  material  permits,  licenses,
certificates  of  authority,  orders and approvals of, and has made all material
filings, applications and registrations with, all governmental entities that are
required in order to permit it to carry on its business as it is

<PAGE>

presently being conducted in all material respects; all such permits,  licenses,
certificates  of  authority,  orders and approvals are in full force and effect,
will not be  adversely  affected  by  virtue of the  completion  of the sale and
transfer  of the Shares  and,  except as  disclosed  in Section  3.6 of Seller's
Disclosure  Schedule,  as of the  Effective  Date  there are no  pending,  or to
Seller's   Knowledge,   threatened   proceedings   which  could  result  in  the
termination,  suspension,  revocation,  limitation  or  impairment  thereof.  To
Seller's  Knowledge,  neither  Company,  nor any of their  respective  officers,
agents or employees  or any  licensee or other  Person  acting on behalf of such
Company,  has made any payment or provided services (including to an employee of
a vendor or customer in order to obtain  business  from such vendor or customer)
that were not legal to make or that such Company or any such  officer,  employee
or other  Person knew (or had reason to  believe)  were either (x) not legal for
the payee or recipient of such services to receive,  or (y) not disclosed to the
employer of such payee or recipient.

     3.7  TITLE TO  ASSETS;  CONDITION  AND  SUFFICIENCY  OF  ASSETS.  Except as
described in Section 3.7 of Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule,  the Companies  have
good and  marketable  title to, or valid and  subsisting  license  or  leasehold
interests in, all of the material  assets used in the conduct of their business.
Except as  described in Section 3.7 of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule,  such
assets,  together  with the rights and  services  provided  under the  Ancillary
Agreements,  are, in all material respects,  all of the assets necessary for the
conduct  of  the  business  of  the  Companies   immediately  after  Closing  in
substantially the same manner as presently conducted.

     3.8 LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS.  Except as disclosed in Section 3.8 of the Seller's
Disclosure  Schedule,  there are no  material  Claims  pending  or, to  Seller's
Knowledge,  any material  unasserted  Claim or threatened  Claim against  either
Company  as of the  Effective  Date.  SECTION  3.8 of  the  Seller's  Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a description of any Claims against either Company which (i)
are currently  pending,  or (ii) which were made in the twelve (12) months prior
to the Effective Date.  Neither Company is subject to an order of a Governmental
Authority, consent decree or the like.

     3.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.

          (a) Section  3.9(a) of the  Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule  lists each
     "employee benefit plan" (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee
     Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) maintained by
     either  Company or to which either  Company  contributes  or is required to
     contribute,  and each  employment,  compensation,  bonus,  fringe  benefit,
     cafeteria,  profit sharing,  deferred  compensation,  bonus,  stock option,
     stock purchase,  restricted stock, pension,  severance,  change of control,
     loans, retainer, consulting,  retirement,  welfare, or other incentive plan
     or agreement maintained by EQS or to which either Company contributes or is
     required to contribute,  with respect to any employee or former employee of
     either  Company  (collectively,  "BENEFIT  PLANS").  With  respect  to each
     Benefit  Plan,  Seller has made  available to Purchasers a copy of the plan
     document  other  governing  contract,  as  amended,  and a  summary  of any
     unwritten plan and, if  applicable,  the most recent copy of the following:
     summary plan description together with any modifications thereto, Form 5500

<PAGE>

     with all  attachments,  trust or funding  agreement,  and  determination or
     qualification letter from the IRS.

          (b) Each  Benefit  Plan has been  administered  in  compliance  in all
     material  respects  with their terms and all  applicable  provisions of the
     Code and applicable Law. Each Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified
     under Code  Section  401(a) has received a favorable  determination  letter
     from the Internal Revenue Service and, to Seller's  Knowledge,  nothing has
     occurred since the date of such  determination  letter which resulted in or
     is likely to result in the revocation of such favorable determination.

          (c) All  contributions  and all payments  and premiums  required to be
     made by either  Company  under  applicable  Law or the terms of any Benefit
     Plan  as of the  Closing  Date  have  been  made as of  such  date  and all
     contributions, payments and premiums for any period ending on or before the
     Closing  Date that are not yet due have been made or have been  accrued for
     in the books and records of the Companies.

          (d) Except as  described  in  Section  3.9(d) of  Seller's  Disclosure
     Schedule,  there are no actions, suits or claims (other than routine claims
     for benefits) pending or threatened  against or with respect to any Benefit
     Plans or the assets of such Benefit Plans,  and to Seller's  knowledge,  no
     facts  exist that could give rise to any  actions,  suits or claims  (other
     than routine claims for benefits)  against such Benefit Plans or the assets
     of such Benefit Plans.

          (e) Neither Company maintains or contributes to or in any way directly
     or indirectly have any liability with respect to any  "multiemployer  plan"
     within the meaning of Sections  3(37) or 4001(3) of ERISA.  No Benefit Plan
     is subject to Title IV of ERISA.  Neither Company nor any trade or business
     (whether or not incorporated) which is or has ever been treated as a single
     employer with either Company under Section  414(b),  (c), (m) or (o) of the
     Code ("ERISA  AFFILIATES"),  has incurred any  liability  under title IV of
     ERISA or Section 412 of the Code,  except for such  liability that has been
     paid in full.

          (f) No  Benefit  Plan is  maintained  in  connection  with  any  trust
     described in Section 501(c)(9) of the Code.

          (g) Except as disclosed in Section  3.9(g) of the Seller's  Disclosure
     Schedule, neither Company has any current or projected Liability in respect
     of post-employment health and life benefits for retired,  former or current
     officers,  directors  or employees  of such  Company,  except (i) as may be
     required  under  part 6 of Title I of ERISA and at the sole  expense of the
     participant or the participant's beneficiary, or (ii) pursuant to a medical
     expense reimbursement account described in Section 125 of the Code.

          (h) Neither  Company has engaged in any "prohibited  transaction,"  as
     defined in Section  4975 of the Code or ERISA  Section 406 with

<PAGE>

     respect  to  the  Benefit   Plans,   and,  to   Seller's   Knowledge,   all
     "fiduciaries,"  as defined in Section  3(21) of ERISA,  with respect to the
     Benefit Plans, have substantially complied with the requirements of Section
     404 of ERISA.

          (i) All Benefit  Plans that are group health plans have been  operated
     in material  compliance  with the group health plan  continuation  coverage
     requirements  of Section 4980B of the Code and Title I, Part 6 of ERISA and
     the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
     of 1996.

          (j) Except as provided in SECTION  3.9(J) of the  Seller's  Disclosure
     Schedule,  neither the  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement  nor the
     consummation of the  Transactions  will (i) result in any payment  becoming
     due to any current or former  employee or director of either  Company under
     any Benefit  Plan,  (ii)  increase any benefits  under any Benefit Plan, or
     (iii) result in the  acceleration of the time of payment,  vesting or other
     rights with respect to any such benefits.  Any payment or vesting under any
     Benefit  Plan will not be an  "excess  parachute  payment"  as  defined  in
     Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code.

          (k) Except as provided in Section  3.9(k) of the  Seller's  Disclosure
     Schedule, none of the assets of any Benefit Plan is stock of either Company
     or any of its Affiliates,  or property leased to or jointly owned by either
     Company or any of its Affiliates, except that EQS employees who participate
     in Seller's 401(k) Plan may invest account balances in Seller's stock.

     3.10 CONTRACTS.

          (a) Set forth in Section 3.10(a) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule
     is a list of all Material  Contracts to which either  Company is a party as
     of the  Effective  Date.  Prior  to  Closing,  Seller  will  have  provided
     Purchasers  with true and complete  copies of all Material  Contracts.  The
     term "MATERIAL  CONTRACTS"  shall mean contracts and agreements of any type
     requiring  payment,  exchange of value or assumption  of any  obligation or
     liability  in an amount  greater  than  $100,000  annually  (as measured at
     December 31, 2003 for Material  Contracts that are EQS customer  contracts)
     and shall not include (x) the Ancillary Agreements, or (y) any contracts or
     agreements  which will be terminated  and of no further force and effective
     as of  the  Closing  Date.  Other  than  the  Ancillary  Agreements,  or as
     described  in  Section  3.10(a) of  Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule,  or the
     obligation  to pay money as reflected  in the Closing  Date Balance  Sheet,
     there are no  agreements  between the Companies and Seller or any Affiliate
     of Seller.  The parties  acknowledge that the Ancillary  Agreement entitled
     Headquarters Building Lease is an operating lease.

          (b) Except as described in Section 3.10(b) of the Seller's  Disclosure
     Schedule, the consummation of the Transaction without obtaining the consent
     of the counterparty to a Material Contract shall not, by itself,  give rise
     to a right of termination under such Material Contract.

<PAGE>

          (c) To Seller's  Knowledge,  (i) the  Companies  are not in default or
     alleged to be in material default under any Material  Contract,  (ii) there
     is no material  default by any other party to any  Material  Contract,  and
     (iii) there exists no event, condition or occurrence which, after notice or
     lapse of time,  or both,  is  reasonably  likely to  constitute  a material
     default  under a Material  Contract  except as shown on Section  3.10(c) of
     Seller's Disclosure  Schedule.  To Seller's Knowledge,  all of the Material
     Contracts  are in full  force and effect and  constitute  legal,  valid and
     binding  obligations of the parties thereto in accordance with their terms,
     and will remain in full force and effect after the Closing Date without any
     notice or consent by any other party  (other  than  consents  described  in
     Section 3.10(b) of Seller's Disclosure Schedule).

          (d) To Seller's Knowledge,  the Bank One Corporation Agreements are in
     full force and effect.  No Claims have been asserted or are pending against
     either Company or, to Seller's Knowledge threatened against either Company,
     under or in respect of any such contracts or agreements.

     3.11  LABOR AND  EMPLOYMENT  MATTERS.  No work  stoppage  involving  either
Company is pending or, to Seller's Knowledge, threatened. Except as disclosed in
Section 3.11 of the Seller's Disclosure Schedule, neither Company is involved in
or, to Seller's  Knowledge,  threatened  with or affected by, any labor dispute,
discrimination   or   sexual   harassment   claim,   arbitration,   lawsuit   or
administrative  proceeding involving any of its employees.  Neither Company is a
party to any labor agreement with any labor  organization or union and there are
no organizational  campaigns,  petitions or other activities seeking recognition
of a collective  bargaining  unit which could affect either  Company.  No unfair
labor  practice  complaints  are pending or threatened  against  either  Company
before the National Labor Relations Board.

     3.12 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

          (a) Set forth in Section 3.12(a) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule
     are true, correct and complete copies of the unaudited  consolidated income
     statements of the Companies for the years ended as of December 31, 2003 and
     2002. Such unaudited income statements (the "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS") present
     fairly the  statements  of  operations  for the periods then ended and have
     been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (except
     for the omission of any notes thereto).

          (b) Set forth in Section 3.12(b) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule
     is a true,  correct  and  complete  copies  of the  unaudited  consolidated
     financial  statements of the Companies  consisting of a statement of income
     and balance  sheet for the eight month period ended on August 31, 2004 (the
     "INTERIM FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS").  The Interim Financial Statements present
     fairly the  consolidated  financial  condition of the  Companies as of such
     date,  and the  consolidated  results of its operations for the period then
     ended  and  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  GAAP  applied  on a
     consistent basis (except as may be disclosed in the notes thereto).

<PAGE>

          (c) Except (i) as disclosed or reserved  against in the balance  sheet
     portion of the  Interim  Financial  Statements  or (ii) as  incurred in the
     Ordinary  Course of Business since the Reference Date or (iii) as set forth
     in SECTION 3.12(C) of the Seller's Disclosure  Schedule,  the Companies and
     their assets are not subject to any  Liabilities.  All  Liabilities  of the
     Companies in respect of unreconciled or out-of-balance  accounts  including
     obligations to shareholders,  Governmental Authorities or others are either
     fully reflected or reserved against in the Interim Financial  Statements or
     are  amounts  that  EQS  could  seek to  recover  pursuant  to the Bank One
     Corporation Agreements. There are no escheatment liabilities.

          (d) Set forth in Section 3.12(d) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule
     are true, correct and complete copies of the audited consolidated financial
     statements  consisting of  statements of income and balance  sheets for the
     years  ended as of  December  31,  2003 and 2002  which  audited  financial
     statements  present  fairly the  consolidated  financial  condition  of the
     operations  described in the reports attached to such financial  statements
     as of the dates  thereof and its  statements of income for the periods then
     ended  and  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  GAAP  applied  on a
     consistent  basis  (except  as may be  disclosed  in the  report  and notes
     thereto).

     3.13 NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENTS. Except as described in SECTION 3.13 of the
Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule,  neither  Company has entered into any agreement
which restricts,  or as a result of the Transactions would restrict, the ability
or authority of either Company, Purchasers or any of their Affiliates to conduct
business operations in any respect.

     3.14 CONDUCT IN THE ORDINARY COURSE. Since the Reference Date and as of the
Effective Date, the Companies have conducted business operations in the Ordinary
Course of Business. As amplification and not limitation of the foregoing,  since
the Reference  Date,  neither  Company has (a) made any changes in the customary
methods  of  operations  of the  Companies,  including  practices  and  policies
relating to purchasing, marketing, selling and pricing, (b) delayed or postponed
the  payment of  accounts  payable  and other  Liabilities  or  accelerated  the
collection of accounts  receivable  or (c) other than in the Ordinary  Course of
Business:  (i) granted any increase,  or announced  any increase,  in the wages,
salaries,  compensation,  bonuses, incentives, pension or other benefits payable
by either  Company to any of its  employees,  including  any  increase or change
pursuant to any Benefit  Plan,  (ii)  established  or  increased  or promised to
increase any benefits  under any Benefit Plan, in either case except as required
by Law, or (iii) established or created any Benefit Plan.

     3.15 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. To Seller's Knowledge,  the business operations
of the Companies as currently conducted and the use of the Intellectual Property
owned by the Company and the "EQS System  Software" as defined in the  Ancillary
Agreement between the parties titled: EQS LICENSE AND DATA PROCESSING  AGREEMENT
(the "EQS INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY") in connection therewith do not conflict with,
infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property or other
proprietary  rights  of  any  Person  as of  the  Effective  Date.  To  Seller's
Knowledge,  the EQS Intellectual

<PAGE>

Property is subsisting,  valid and enforceable and has not been adjudged invalid
or unenforceable in whole or part. To Seller's Knowledge,  no Person is engaging
in any activity that infringes the EQS Intellectual Property as of the Effective
Date.

     3.16 CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS.

          (a) Set forth in SECTION 3.16(A) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule
     is a list of what, to Seller's Knowledge,  is the one hundred (100) largest
     customers  of the  Companies  in terms of sales for the  twelve  (12) month
     periods  ended  December  31, 2002 and 2003 as of the  Effective  Date (the
     "MAJOR CUSTOMERS"), together with the dollar amount of sales or services to
     such  customers  and the number of  shareholder  accounts  serviced  by the
     Companies for such customers. Except as set forth in SECTION 3.16(A) of the
     Seller's Disclosure  Schedule,  since the Reference Date, none of the Major
     Customers has  materially  reduced its purchases from the Companies or made
     any written complaints  relating to the Companies as of the Effective Date.
     As of the Effective  Date,  none of the Major Customers has notified either
     Company  in writing of its intent to  materially  reduce its  purchases  or
     cease to do business with the Companies,  or substantially  reduce or delay
     its business with the Companies.  None of the Major  Customers has notified
     the Company in writing that it is threatened with bankruptcy or insolvency.
     Except as set forth in Section 3.16(a) of the Seller's Disclosure Schedule,
     to Seller's Knowledge, none of the Major Customers is currently planning an
     odd-lot buyback program.

          (b) Set forth in SECTION 3.16(B) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule
     is a list of  what,  to  Seller's  Knowledge,  is the  fifty  (50)  largest
     suppliers of the  Companies  who provided more than $100,000 of services or
     products to the Companies in 2004 prior to the  Effective  Date (the "MAJOR
     SUPPLIERS"),  together  with the dollar  amount of the services or products
     from such Major Suppliers.  As of the Effective Date, no Major Supplier has
     notified  either  Company in writing of its intent to cease to do  business
     with the Companies,  or substantially reduce or delay its business with the
     Companies.

     3.17 TAX MATTERS.

          (a) Except as set forth in SECTION 3.17(A) of the Seller's  Disclosure
     Schedule:

               (i) Each Company has (A) timely filed (or has had timely filed on
          its behalf) all Returns  required to be filed or sent by it in respect
          of any Taxes or required to be filed or sent by it by any Governmental
          Authority, all of which were correct and complete in all respects; (B)
          timely and  properly  paid (or has had paid on its  behalf) all Taxes;
          and (C)  established in the Financial  Statements,  in accordance with
          GAAP and consistent  with past  practices,  reserves that are adequate
          for the payment of any Taxes not yet due and payable.

<PAGE>

               (ii) All  Taxes  that are  required  to have been  withheld  with
          respect to all  employees in  connection  with the  operations  of the
          Companies  have been  withheld and timely  remitted to the  applicable
          Governmental Authority.

               (iii)  There  are no Liens for  Taxes  upon any  assets or client
          funds of either Company except Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable
          (such as Taxes withheld from monies due to  shareholders  of customers
          on behalf of such customers.

               (iv) No deficiency for any Taxes has been  proposed,  asserted or
          assessed  against  or  affecting  either  Company  that  has not  been
          resolved  and paid in full or,  if not  paid in  full,  the  liability
          therefore  has  been  provided  for in the  Financial  Statements.  To
          Seller's  Knowledge,  no claim has ever  been  made by a  Governmental
          Authority in a  jurisdiction  where  either  Company does not file any
          Return that such Company is or may be subject to taxation.

          (b) Set forth in SECTION 3.17(B) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule
     is a true  and  correct  list of all  Returns  filed  with  respect  to the
     Companies that currently are the subject of audit.

     3.18 INSURANCE.

          (a) Set forth in SECTION 3.18(A) of the Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule
     is the  following  information  with  respect to each  currently  effective
     insurance  policy  (including   policies  providing   property,   casualty,
     liability,  health and workers'  compensation  coverage and bond and surety
     arrangements)  to which either  Company is the only party (and for purposes
     of clarity, Seller's insurance policies are not listed):

               (i) the name, address, and telephone number of the agent;

               (ii) the name of the insurer,  the name of the policyholder,  and
          the name of each covered insured;

               (iii) the policy number and the period of coverage;

               (iv) a general description of the terms of such policy.

          (b) As of the  Effective  Date,  Seller  has not  cancelled  any  such
     insurance  policy described in Section 3.18(a) above and has not received a
     notice  from the insurer of any  default by Seller  under any such  policy.
     Seller  is self  insured  with  respect  to all risks  not  covered  by the
     policies specified in Section 3.18(a) above.

     3.19  REGULATORY  COMPLIANCE  AND CONSENTS.  Neither  Company has taken nor
agreed  to  take  any  action,  and  Seller  has no  Knowledge  of any  fact  or
circumstance,  that would  materially  impede or delay the  consummation  of the
Transactions or the ability of

<PAGE>

the parties to obtain any regulatory  approval or to perform their covenants and
agreements under this Agreement.

     3.20  SURVIVAL,  KNOWLEDGE  AND  DISCLOSURE  OF  INFORMATION.  All  of  the
representations  and warranties of Seller shall survive the Closing,  subject to
the limitations set forth in Section 8.1(b).  Any fact or circumstance  that (i)
is within Purchasers'  Knowledge prior to or at the time of Closing  (including,
for this purpose only, that information (other than information  relating to (i)
any out of balance condition, (ii) Escheatment Liabilities,  or (iii) amounts to
be paid to tax  authorities  on account of monies  paid or payable by Issuers to
security  holders) which is expressly set forth in any document set forth on the
data room index attached to SECTION 3.20 of the Seller's Disclosure Schedule and
that  was  made  available  to  Purchasers  in  Seller's  data  room) or (ii) is
described in Seller's  Disclosure  Schedule (other than information  relating to
Escheatment  Liabilities),  shall be deemed to have been disclosed to Purchasers
for any and all purposes except for Seller's obligations in Article 5, and shall
not  serve as a basis for a  termination  of this  Agreement  by  Purchasers,  a
refusal by Purchasers  to close the  Transactions,  or any claim against  Seller
under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Transactions.

                                   ARTICLE 4
                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASERS

     As a material inducement to Seller to enter into this Agreement, Purchasers
hereby represent and warrant to Seller as follows:

     4.1 ORGANIZATION.

          (a) CPU is a validly  existing body corporate  incorporated  under the
     laws of the Australian state of Victoria,  and has all requisite  corporate
     power and authority to (i) issue and allot the CPU Shares,  (ii) enter into
     this Agreement and perform all of its obligations hereunder, and (iii) own,
     operate  or  lease  the  assets  owned  or used by it and to  carry  on its
     business as now conducted by it.

          (b) CPUUS is a general  partnership  duly organized,  validly existing
     and in good standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware,  and has all
     requisite  power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform all
     of its obligations hereunder. All of the issued and outstanding partnership
     interests of CPUUS are indirectly held by CPU.

          (c) EQAC is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
     standing  under the laws of the State of  Delaware,  and has all  requisite
     corporate  power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform all
     of its obligations  hereunder.  All of the issued and  outstanding  capital
     stock of EQAC is held by CPUUS.


     4.2 AUTHORITY;  ENFORCEABILITY.  The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of

<PAGE>

Purchasers  and  will  not  result  in any  violation  of or  conflict  with  or
constitute  a  default  under  (i) any  term of the  charter,  bylaws  or  other
constitutive  documents  of  Purchasers  or  (ii)  any  agreement,   instrument,
judgment,  decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to
Purchasers.  This  Agreement  has been duly executed and delivered by Purchasers
and  constitutes  the  legal,   valid  and  binding   obligation  of  Purchasers
enforceable against Purchasers in accordance with the terms hereof.

     4.3  CAPITALIZATION  OF CPU.  As of the date of this  Agreement,  the total
issued share capital of CPU consists of  562,563,658  ordinary fully paid shares
excluding the CPU Shares. There are no Rights to acquire, dispose of or restrict
the transfer of, the CPU Shares.  All of the CPU Shares will be validly  issued,
will be fully paid, will be issued in compliance  with all applicable  laws, and
will not be issued in violation of the  preemptive  right of any person,  and at
Closing will be quoted on the ASX.

     4.4 TITLE TO THE CPU  SHARES.  The CPU Shares are free and clear of any and
all Liens,  subject to restrictions imposed by applicable Law which restrictions
do not adversely affect good title to the CPU Shares.

     4.5 REGULATORY COMPLIANCE AND CONSENTS.

          (a)  Except  as  disclosed  in  SECTION  4.5(A)  of  the   Purchasers'
     Disclosure Schedule, no consent,  approval (including,  without limitation,
     an approval of CPU's  shareholders) or  authorization  of, or registration,
     qualification   or  filing  with,   any   Governmental   Authority  or  any
     governmental  agency  or  authority  in  Australia,  is  required  for  the
     execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  by  Purchasers  or  for  the
     consummation by the Purchasers of the transactions contemplated hereby.

          (b)  Except  as  set  forth  in  Section  4.5(b)  of  the  Purchaser's
     Disclosure  Schedule,  CPU has neither taken nor agreed to take any action,
     and has no Knowledge  of any fact or  circumstance,  that would  materially
     impede or delay the consummation of the  transactions  contemplated by this
     Agreement or the ability of the parties to obtain any  regulatory  approval
     or to perform their covenants and agreements under this Agreement.

          (c)  Except  as  set  forth  in  Section  4.5(c)  of  the  Purchaser's
     Disclosure Schedule,  all regulated  Affiliates of CPU, including,  but not
     limited to, all  broker-dealer,  banking and other fiduciary  entities that
     (x) CPU owns 10% or more of, or (y) own 10% or more of CPU, both within the
     United  States and in foreign  jurisdictions,  are  operating  in  material
     compliance with all applicable legal  requirements in each  jurisdiction in
     which such entity conducts business.

          (d) No senior executive officer,  director or principal shareholder of
     CPU (owning 10% or more of the outstanding stock of CPU or its Affiliates),
     and none of the  individuals  proposed to constitute the Board of Directors
     or senior management of EQS or EquiServe Trust after Closing, (i) have been
     the subject of any law enforcement  agency's  charge,  arrest,  indictment,
     conviction  or have

<PAGE>

     pleaded NOLO  CONTENDERE  to any criminal  matter,  (ii) have had a license
     revoked,  (iii) have been the subject of a civil action  alleging  fraud or
     breach  of  fiduciary  duty,  or (iv) have been  involved  with an  insured
     depository  institution,  as  defined  by 12 U.S.C.  1813(c),  that has (1)
     failed,  (2) received  financial  assistance  from a financial  institution
     depository  agency,  or (3) was a merger partner with an  institution  that
     received  financial  assistance  from a  financial  institution  depository
     agency.

          (e) Neither CPU nor any of its  Affiliates  have ever been the subject
     of an  application or notice that was filed in final form with the OCC, the
     Federal  Reserve Board,  the Office of Thrift  Supervision,  or the Federal
     Deposit Insurance Corporation.

          (f)  Except  as  described  in  Section  4.5(f)  of  the   Purchasers'
     Disclosure  Schedule,  as of the Effective Date, neither CPU nor any of its
     Affiliates have, in the last five (5) years, been involved or are currently
     involved,  in any lawsuit,  investigation,  examination,  or administrative
     proceeding  (excluding  routine  or  customary  audits,  inspections,   and
     investigations)  that may  result in or  resulted  in any  sanction,  fine,
     monetary  damage,  loss  of  right  or  benefit,   revocation  of  license,
     agreements, undertakings, consents or orders with any U.S. federal or state
     court, any department,  state or federal agency,  or commission of the U.S.
     government or state, municipal or foreign government entity.

     4.6  COMPLIANCE  WITH  LAWS.  Except as  described  in  SECTION  4.6 of the
Purchasers'  Disclosure  Schedule,  each Purchaser has complied and continues to
comply with (i) charter, bylaws or constituent documents and (ii) to Purchaser's
Knowledge,  applicable Law and each has all permits,  licenses,  certificates of
authority,  orders and approvals of, and has made all filings,  applications and
registrations  with,  all  governmental  entities  that are required in order to
permit it to carry on its  business as it is  presently  being  conducted in all
material respects; all such permits, licenses certificates of authority,  orders
and  approvals are in full force and effect,  will not be adversely  affected by
virtue of the  completion  of the sale and  transfer of the CPU Shares and there
are no pending, or to Purchasers' Knowledge,  threatened proceedings which could
result in the  termination,  suspension,  revocation,  limitation  or impairment
thereof.

     4.7  LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS.   Except  as  disclosed  in  Section  4.7  of  the
Purchasers'  Disclosure  Schedule,  there are no material  Claims pending or, to
Purchasers'  Knowledge,  any  material  unasserted  Claim or  threatened  Claim,
against CPU as of the Effective Date.

     4.8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

          (a) Set forth in SECTION 4.8(A) of the Purchasers' Disclosure Schedule
     are true, correct and complete copies of the audited consolidated financial
     statements of CPU  consisting  of  statements  of profit and loss,  balance
     sheets  and  statements  of cash  flows for the years  ended as of June 30,
     2004, 2003 and 2002. Such audited financial  statements (the "CPU FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS")  give a true  and  fair  view of the  financial  position  and
     performance  of the periods then ended

<PAGE>

     and have been prepared in accordance with Australian  Accounting  Standards
     applied on a  consistent  basis  (except as may be  disclosed  in the notes
     thereto).

          (b) Except (i) as disclosed or reserved  against in the CPU  Financial
     Statements as of June 30, 2004 or (ii)  incurred in the ordinary  course of
     business since June 30, 2004 or (iii) as set forth in SECTION 4.8(B) of the
     Purchasers'  Disclosure  Schedule,  to  Purchasers'  Knowledge,  CPU is not
     subject to any Liabilities.

     4.9 FINANCING.  Purchasers  have either (a) sufficient  cash on hand to pay
the cash portion of the Purchase Price, or (b) binding  written  commitments,  a
copy of which is set forth in Section 4.9 of  Purchaser's  Disclosure  Schedule,
from one or more  Australian or U.S.  national  banking  institutions to lend to
Purchasers  sufficient  cash to pay the cash  portion of the  Purchase  Price at
Closing.

     4.10  SURVIVAL,  KNOWLEDGE  AND  DISCLOSURE  OF  INFORMATION.  All  of  the
representations and warranties of Purchasers shall survive the Closing,  subject
to the limitations set forth in Section  8.2(b).  Any fact or circumstance  that
(i) is within  Sellers'  knowledge prior to or at the time of Closing or (ii) is
described  in  Purchasers'  Disclosure  Schedule,  shall be  deemed to have been
disclosed to Seller for any and all purposes, and shall not serve as a basis for
any claim against Purchaser under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with
the Transactions.

     4.11  COMPLIANCE  WITH  CONTINUOUS  DISCLOSURE.  CPU has complied  with its
continuous  disclosure  obligations  under the ASX Listing Rules and there is no
information  that has been excluded  from a disclosure  in  accordance  with ASX
Listing Rule 3.1A.

     4.12 COMPLIANCE WITH SECONDARY  SALES. At Closing:  (i) the CPU Shares will
be in a class  of  shares  that has been  quoted  on ASX at all  times in the 12
months  before the day on which the CPU Shares were  issued,  (ii) the  ordinary
shares  of CPU will not have been  suspended  for more than a total of 5 days in
that 12  months,  (iii)  no  exemption  under  section  111AS  or  111AT  of the
Australian  Corporations Act will have covered CPU, or any person as director or
auditor of CPU, at any time in that 12 months,  and (iv) no order under  section
340 or 341 of the  Australian  Corporations  Act will have  covered  CPU, or any
person as a director or auditor of CPU, at any time in that 12 months.

                                   ARTICLE 5
                       ADDITIONAL COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

     Purchasers and Seller hereby covenant and agree that:

     5.1  CONFIDENTIALITY.  Each party to this  Agreement  shall hold, and shall
cause its respective  subsidiaries  and their  directors,  officers,  employees,
agents,  consultants and advisors to hold, in strict confidence and not used for
any purpose that would violate  Section 5.6 of this Agreement or for any purpose
which is directly or indirectly  detrimental to the  disclosing  party or any of
its respective  Affiliates,  unless  disclosure to a banking or other regulatory
authority  is  necessary  or  appropriate  or unless  compelled  to

<PAGE>

disclose by judicial or administrative process or, in the written opinion of its
counsel,  by other  requirement  of law or the  applicable  requirements  of any
regulatory  agency or relevant stock exchange,  all non-public  records,  books,
contracts,  reports,  instruments,  computer data and other data and information
(collectively,  "INFORMATION") concerning the other party (or, if required under
a contract  with a third  party,  such third  party)  furnished it by such other
party or its  representatives  pursuant to this Agreement,  except to the extent
that such  Information  can be shown to have been (a)  previously  known by such
party  on  a   non-confidential   basis,  (b)  available  to  such  party  on  a
non-confidential basis from a source other than the disclosing party, (c) in the
public domain through no fault of such party or (d) later lawfully acquired from
other  sources by the party to which it was  furnished,  and none of the parties
shall  release or disclose  such  Information  to any other  person,  except its
auditors, attorneys, financial advisors, bankers, other consultants and advisors
and, to the extent permitted above, to bank regulatory authorities. In the event
that a party to this Agreement  becomes compelled to disclose any Information in
connection   with  any   necessary   regulatory   approval  or  by  judicial  or
administrative  process,  such party shall  provide the party who provided  such
Information  (the  "DISCLOSING  PARTY") with prompt prior written notice of such
requirement  so that the Disclosing  Party may seek a protective  order or other
appropriate  remedy. In the event that such protective order, or other remedy is
not obtained,  only that portion of the Information which is legally required to
be disclosed  shall be so  disclosed.  Each party agrees that the  provisions of
this Section 5.1 are (i) supported by adequate  consideration,  (ii)  reasonable
and  appropriate in the context of the  transactions  covered by this Agreement,
and (iii) necessary for protection of the business and prospects of the parties.
Each party  agrees that any breach of such  provisions  would cause  irreparable
injury to the other party that would not be  adequately  remediable  in damages.
Accordingly,  each party  agrees that any breach of its  obligations  under this
Section 5.1 shall,  in addition to any other relief to which the other party may
be  entitled,  entitle  the  other  party to  temporary,  preliminary  and final
injunctive  relief  against  further  breach of such  obligations,  without  the
posting of any bond.

     5.2 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE  COMPANIES.  During the period from the date
of this Agreement and continuing  through the Closing Date,  except as expressly
permitted  or required by this  Agreement or with the prior  written  consent of
Purchaser, Seller shall cause each of the Companies to (i) carry on its business
in the Ordinary  Course of Business,  (ii) not shorten or lengthen the customary
payment  cycles for any of its payables or  receivables;  (iii) not make capital
expenditures unless substantially in conformance with its budget therefore, (iv)
not enter into any transaction  with Seller or any of its Affiliates  other than
in the Ordinary Course of Business, (v) use its commercially  reasonable efforts
to (A)  preserve  intact the business  organization  of such  Company,  (B) keep
available to  Purchasers  the services of the  employees of such Company  (other
than employee  departures arising by reason of terminations where appropriate in
accordance  with such Company's past  practice),  (C) continue in full force and
effect  without  material  modification  all  existing  policies  or  binders of
insurance  currently  maintained  in respect of such  Company  and its  business
operations, (D) preserve its current relationships with its customers, suppliers
and other  persons  with which it has had  significant  business  relationships,
which efforts shall not include the payment of any additional  consideration  to
such customer,  supplier or person,  (E)

<PAGE>

continue  without  material   modification  all  programs  for  the  benefit  of
employees, and (F) be in compliance with, and maintain the effectiveness of, all
licenses and permits of such  Company,  and (vi) not transfer,  sell,  convey or
distribute any of its assets, except as described in SECTION 5.2 of the Seller's
Disclosure Schedule.

     5.3  AGREEMENT  TO DEFEND.  In the event any action,  suit,  proceeding  or
investigation  is  instituted  to restrain or prohibit the  consummation  of the
transactions  contemplated  under this  Agreement,  whether  before or after the
Effective  Date,  all the parties  hereto agree to cooperate  and use their best
efforts to defend against and respond thereto.

     5.4 PUBLIC  ANNOUNCEMENTS.  CPU and CPUUS,  on the one hand, and Seller and
the Companies,  on the other hand, shall consult with each other before issuing,
and shall provide each other the  opportunity  to review and comment  upon,  any
press  release or other  public  statements  with  respect to the  Transactions,
including the identity of the parties and the consideration paid hereunder,  and
shall not issue any such press release or make any such public  statement  prior
to such consultation and without receiving the other party's consent,  except as
may be required by applicable  Law, court process or by obligations  pursuant to
any listing agreement with any national  securities  exchange.  This Section 5.4
shall survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement for any reason.

     5.5 FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  From time to time after the  Effective  Date,  at
Purchasers'  request and without further  consideration from Purchasers,  Seller
shall execute and deliver such other  instruments of conveyance and transfer and
take such other action as Purchasers reasonably may require to convey,  transfer
to and vest in Purchasers  and to put  Purchasers in possession of the Shares in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

     5.6 NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT.

          (a) During the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the
     fifth  (5th)  annual  anniversary  of the  Closing  Date  (the  "RESTRICTED
     PERIOD"), subject to Section 5.6(c), Seller shall not, and Seller shall not
     permit its Affiliates to:

               (i) engage,  directly  or  indirectly,  in a  Competing  Business
          (other than as a holder of less than five  percent  (5%) of the common
          stock of any  publicly  traded  corporation,  partner or holder of any
          other ownership interest in the Competing Business);

               (ii)  solicit  or direct  to any other  Person  any  customer  or
          prospective customer of the Companies for Competing Business services;
          or

               (iii) hire any officer,  employee,  director or  consultant of an
          Affiliate  of CPUUS  that  operates  a  Competing  Business  or either
          Company or solicit or  encourage  such a Person to leave the employ of
          an  Affiliate  of CPUUS that  operates a Competing  Business or either
          Company for  alternative

<PAGE>

          employment  with Seller or its  Affiliates  or any other Person unless
          such  Person  is  terminated  by a  Company  or  Purchasers  after the
          Closing; or

               (iv)  allow  the  use by the  Excluded  Entities  of the  Fairway
          System, the Delta Vantage System, the STS System or the SINQ System in
          any way in a Competing Business anyplace in the world;

     provided,  however,  that this Section 5.6 shall not prohibit the ownership
     and  operation  by Seller or its  Affiliates  of a Competing  Business as a
     result of Changed  Circumstances  applicable to such Person so long as such
     Person and its  Affiliates  comply with the  provisions of Section  5.6(c).
     Additionally, notwithstanding anything contained herein, Seller may use the
     Fairway System, the Delta Vantage System, the STS System or the SINQ System
     in any way,  including  allowing the use of such systems by its  Affiliates
     and the  Excluded  Entities or other  parties in any manner  which does not
     otherwise  violate  the  terms  of this  Section  5.6 or the  terms  of any
     Ancillary Agreement.

          (b) The term "CHANGED  CIRCUMSTANCES" for purposes of this Section 5.6
     shall mean:  (i) an  acquisition  by Seller or an Affiliate of a previously
     unaffiliated   Person  conducting  a  Competing  Business  which  generates
     revenues  in an  amount  equal  to at  least  five  percent  (5%) of  EQS's
     revenues;  (ii) an  acquisition  of Seller or an  Affiliate by a previously
     unaffiliated   Person  conducting  a  Competing  Business  which  generates
     revenues  in an  amount  equal  to at  least  five  percent  (5%) of  EQS's
     revenues; or (iii) a merger, consolidation or other business combination by
     and  between  Seller and a  previously  unaffiliated  Person  conducting  a
     Competing  Business which generates revenues in an amount equal to at least
     five percent  (5%) of EQS's  revenues.  Notwithstanding  any other terms of
     this Agreement,  Changed  Circumstances  shall not include a transaction in
     which Seller or any Affiliate acquires,  by purchase,  merger or other form
     of  transaction,  a Person with respect to which  revenues from a Competing
     Business for the twelve month period  immediately  prior to the acquisition
     comprised  more than  fifty  percent  (50%) of the total  revenues  of such
     Person.

          (c) During any such time as Seller or any of its  Affiliates may own a
     Competing  Business due to Changed  Circumstances,  until the expiration of
     the Restricted Period or the acquisition of such Competing Business by CPU,
     such Persons  shall not, and shall cause their  Affiliates  to refrain from
     (i)  soliciting,  or  accepting  any offer to  provide  Competing  Business
     services of any kind to, any Person that is a customer of either Company at
     the time such Changed  Circumstances occur and has paid fees to the Company
     within the twelve (12) month period  preceding  the Changed  Circumstances,
     (ii) hiring any officer, employee, director or consultant of either Company
     or an Affiliate  of CPUUS that  operates a Competing  Business  unless such
     Person is terminated by either Company or such Affiliate  after the Changed
     Circumstances,  or (iii) using, directly or indirectly, the Fairway System,
     the Delta Vantage  System,  the STS System or the SINQ System in any way in
     the Competing Business anyplace in the world.

<PAGE>

          (d)  Within  five (5)  Business  Days  following  the  closing  of any
     transaction resulting in Changed Circumstances, Seller shall provide notice
     thereof to CPU.  Such notice shall  include a summary of the price paid for
     the Competing Business (if such a price has been separately negotiated) and
     an offer to sell such  Competing  Business  to CPU at such  price,  or at a
     price negotiated by the parties at such time; provided Seller has the legal
     right,  authority or power to effect such an offer.  For a period of twenty
     (20) Business Days following its receipt of such notice, CPU shall have the
     right and option to (i) conduct  reasonable due diligence on the operations
     of such Competing Business and (ii) purchase such Competing  Business.  The
     terms and conditions of such sale (other than price) shall be substantially
     identical to the terms and  conditions  of such  transaction  to the extent
     such terms and conditions can be allocated to the Competing Business and if
     not, upon reasonable terms and conditions negotiated by the parties at such
     time. In the event the price and other terms of the  transaction  resulting
     in Changed  Circumstances have not been separately  negotiated,  and Seller
     and CPU cannot agree upon  reasonable  price and other terms,  then neither
     party will be  required  to enter in to a  transaction  for the sale of the
     Competing Business to CPU.

          (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing  restrictions,  if (a) a customer of
     Seller or an Affiliate requires Seller or an Affiliate to provide Competing
     Business  services  to such  customer  as a  condition  of  Seller's  or an
     Affiliate's  continued  receipt  of  business  from  the  customer  or as a
     condition of Seller's or an  Affiliate's  acquiring  new business  from the
     customer and (b) revenues derived from such business from such customer are
     reasonably  projected  by Seller or an  Affiliate  to exceed  the  revenues
     derived from the Competing  Business  services  provided to such  customer,
     then Seller or an Affiliate may provide the Competing  Business services to
     such customer  without  violation of this restrictive  covenant;  provided,
     that  (x)  Seller  or an  Affiliate  notifies  EQS in  writing  that  it is
     performing such services within thirty (30) days after such services begin,
     (y) Seller or an  Affiliate  pays EQS a monthly  fee in an amount  equal to
     thirty percent (30%) of all revenues billed to such customer each month for
     Competing  Business services during the Restricted  Period,  and (z) Seller
     and its Affiliates  comply with the terms of the Ancillary  Agreements.  In
     the event services are bundled,  the fees charged by Seller or an Affiliate
     for  Competing  Business  services  shall  be  deemed  to be  equal  to the
     Companies'   published  rates.  Seller  shall  not,  and  shall  cause  its
     Affiliates not to, solicit Competing  Business from existing or prospective
     customers and, except as set forth in the immediately  preceding  sentence,
     shall not accept Competing Business from existing or prospective customers.

          (f) If at any  time  the  provisions  of this  Section  5.6  shall  be
     determined  to be invalid  or  unenforceable,  by reason of being  vague or
     unreasonable as to area,  duration or scope of activity or otherwise,  this
     Section  5.6  shall  be  considered  divisible  and  shall  become  and  be
     immediately  amended  to relate  only to such area,  duration  and scope of
     activity as shall be determined to be reasonable and enforceable by a court
     or other body having  jurisdiction over the matter; and this Section 5.6 as
     so  amended   shall  be  valid  and   binding  as  though

<PAGE>

     any invalid or unenforceable  provision had not been included  herein.  EQS
     and Purchasers shall be entitled to specific  performance of the provisions
     of this Section 5.6 in addition to any other  remedies  that it or they may
     have at law or in equity.

          (g) Seller  agrees  that the  provisions  of this  Section 5.6 are (i)
     supported by adequate consideration, (ii) reasonable and appropriate in the
     context of the transactions covered by this Agreement,  and (iii) necessary
     for  protection  of the business and prospects of the  Purchasers  and EQS.
     Seller agrees that any breach of such  provisions  would cause  irreparable
     injury to the Purchasers and EQS that would not be adequately remediable in
     damages.  Accordingly,  Seller  agrees  that any breach of its  obligations
     under this Section 5.6 shall,  in addition to any other relief to which the
     Purchasers  and EQS may be  entitled,  entitle  the  Purchasers  and EQS to
     temporary,  preliminary and final injunctive  relief against further breach
     of such obligations, without the posting of any bond.

          (h)  Notwithstanding  the foregoing terms of this Section 5.6, nothing
     in this  Agreement  shall be  construed  to  prohibit  (i)  Seller  and its
     Affiliates  from  providing any services to each other solely for their own
     account,  (ii)  Seller  from  providing  services  that are not a Competing
     Business  service,  or (iii) continue to service the customers set forth on
     Section 5.11 of Seller's Disclosure Schedule in the event such customers do
     not  consent  to  the  transfer  of  such  customer  contracts  to  EQS  or
     Purchasers.  For purposes of additional clarity, Swingvote LLC shall not be
     deemed to be a Competing  Business for so long a Seller and its  Affiliates
     do not control  such  Persons and Seller  shall not be in violation of this
     Section  5.6 if a  Competing  Business  acquired  by  Seller  or any of its
     Affiliates  as a going  concern  generates  revenues in an amount less than
     five percent (5%) of EQS's revenues.

     5.7 THIRD PARTY  CONSENTS.  Seller shall,  and shall cause each Company to,
use its  commercially  reasonable  efforts to obtain all  Consents  set forth in
SECTIONS 3.5 and 3.10(b) of the Seller's  Disclosure Schedule and will cooperate
fully with  Purchasers in promptly  seeking to obtain all such  Consents,  which
efforts shall not include the payment of any additional consideration (except as
otherwise  agreed by the  parties in  writing).  CPU shall use its  commercially
reasonable  efforts  to obtain  all  Consents  set forth in  SECTION  4.5 of the
Purchaser's Disclosure Schedule and will cooperate fully with Seller in promptly
seeking to obtain such Consents,  which efforts shall not include the payment of
any  additional  consideration,  except for the  payment of any fees  payable to
Governmental  Authorities  in connection  with  Governmental  Approvals.  In the
event,  that, on the Effective Date,  there are contracts for which a consent to
the  Transactions  has not been  obtained,  then, in addition to the  foregoing,
until such time as such  consent is  obtained  or is not  otherwise  obtainable,
Purchasers  and Seller  shall use their  reasonable  efforts to (i) obtain  such
consent,  (ii) provide to the Companies the benefits and burdens of the contract
to which such consent relates,  and (iii) cooperate in any reasonable and lawful
arrangement designed to provide such benefits to the Companies.

<PAGE>

     5.8 REQUIRED APPROVALS.  Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing
Date:

          (a) CPU will  promptly,  and in no event later than five (5)  business
     days after the Effective  Date, (i) prepare and file all  applications  and
     other  instruments  required  to  obtain  approvals  from all  Governmental
     Authorities (including all filings under the HSR Act and all approvals from
     the OCC and other  appropriate bank regulatory  authorities) and pursue the
     approval thereof  diligently,  (ii) comply with all informational  requests
     and conditions of regulators in connection with such  applications that may
     be necessary for approval by applicable  regulatory  authorities that would
     not have a detrimental  effect on the  Purchasers,  and (iii) CPU will keep
     Seller  promptly  and fully  apprised  of all  material  communications  in
     connection  with  any  such   application   process,   and  will  authorize
     representatives  of  Seller  to  communicate  with  the OCC  regarding  the
     application process or any notice in connection therewith only after Seller
     notifies CPU and allows CPU to participate in any such communication.

          (b) Seller with promptly, and in no event later than five (5) business
     days after the Effective  Date, (i) prepare and file all  applications  and
     other  instruments that Seller is required to file to obtain approvals from
     all Governmental  Authorities (including all filings under the HSR Act) and
     pursue the approval thereof diligently,  (ii) comply with all informational
     requests and conditions of regulators in connection with such  applications
     that may be necessary  for approval by  applicable  regulatory  authorities
     that would not have a detrimental effect on the Seller, and (iii) will keep
     CPU  promptly  and  fully  apprised  of  all  material   communications  in
     connection with any such application process.

          (c) Seller will (i)  cooperate  with  Purchasers  with  respect to all
     filings  that  Purchasers  elect to make or are  required by law to make in
     connection with transactions  contemplated  hereby, and (ii) cooperate with
     Purchasers in obtaining all required consents (including taking all actions
     requested  by  Purchasers  to cause  early  termination  of any  applicable
     waiting period under the HSR Act).

     5.9 ACCESS TO INFORMATION; ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND DELIVERY OF FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

          (a) Subject to compliance with  applicable  Laws, from the date hereof
     until the Closing Date, Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
     promptly:  (i) give CPU and its counsel,  financial advisors,  auditors and
     other authorized  representatives  reasonable access during normal business
     hours to the offices, facilities, properties, books and records relating to
     the Companies and their business  operations upon reasonable  prior notice;
     (ii) furnish to CPU and its counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other
     authorized  representatives  such information relating to the Companies and
     their business operations as CPU may reasonably request; and (iii) instruct
     the  directors,   officers,  employees,  counsel,

<PAGE>

     auditors  and  financial  advisors  of the  Companies  to use  commercially
     reasonable efforts to (A) assist the Companies and their representatives in
     transition  planning and (B) cooperate with CPU and its counsel,  financial
     advisors,   auditors  and  other   authorized   representatives   in  their
     investigation of the Companies and their business operations.

          (b) As promptly as practicable  after the end of each calendar  month,
     but in no event after the  fifteenth  (15th)  Business Day of the following
     month) prior to the Closing, Seller shall cause EQS to provide CPU with the
     unaudited monthly consolidated income statements and balance sheets for EQS
     as at  such  month-end,  and  for  the  month  ending  on the  date of such
     month-end. Upon delivery thereof, such monthly statements shall be included
     within the term  "Interim  Financial  Statements"  and,  as such,  shall be
     subject to the representations set forth in Section 3.12 hereof.

     5.10  CUSTOMER  VISITS.  Between  the date hereof and the  Closing,  Seller
shall,  and shall cause  representatives  of the Companies to, use  commercially
reasonable  efforts to arrange for meetings with each of the customers set forth
in  Section  3.16  of  the  Purchasers'  Disclosure  Schedule  to  discuss  such
customer's  relationship  with the  Companies  and the  Transactions  and  shall
accompany CPU on such meetings.

     5.11 TRANSFER OF CERTAIN AGREEMENTS.  Prior to the Closing,  Seller and its
Affiliates  shall  use  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to  transfer  to  the
Companies  those  customer  agreements  and  benefits and  obligations  that are
allocable  to  products  used by EQS under third  party  enterprise  license and
vendor agreements described in Section 5.11 of Seller's Disclosure Schedule.  At
the Closing, Seller and its Affiliates shall transfer to a U.K. Affiliate of CPU
the U.K. customer agreement set forth in Section 5.11 of the Seller's Disclosure
Schedule subject to the customer's right to consent, if any. Purchasers agree to
cause the  Companies  not to  terminate  any such  agreement  that is a customer
agreement  before  the  expiration  of the  term  of such  agreement;  provided,
however,  if the  remaining  term of such  agreement  is less than one (1) year,
Purchasers  shall cause the Companies not to terminate such agreement for twelve
(12) months from the Closing Date.

     5.12 LITIGATION AND TAX SUPPORT.  In the event and for so long as any party
actively is contesting or defending  against any Claim  (including any Tax audit
or similar  proceeding) in any such case in connection with (a) the Transactions
or (b) any fact, situation, circumstance, status, condition, activity, practice,
plan, occurrence,  event, incident,  action, failure to act or transaction on or
prior to the Closing Date involving the Companies,  each party shall  cooperate,
to the extent commercially reasonable, with the other party and their counsel in
the contest or defense,  make its personnel  reasonably  available,  and provide
such  testimony  and  access  to its books and  records  as shall be  reasonably
necessary in  connection  with the contest or defense,  all at the sole cost and
expense of the contesting or defending party (unless the contesting or defending
party is entitled to indemnification therefor under this Agreement).  Each party
shall  similarly   cooperate  with  the  other  party  in  connection  with  the
preparation  of any Returns to be  prepared  by the other  party  related to the
Companies.

<PAGE>

     5.13 NO  SOLICITATION OF OTHER BIDS.  Seller and its Affiliates  shall not,
nor shall any of them  authorize or permit any of their  officers,  directors or
employees or any investment banker, attorney, accountant or other representative
retained by any of them to (a)  solicit,  initiate,  continue or  encourage  any
Other  Bid,  (b) enter into any  agreement  with  respect to any Other Bid,  (c)
participate in any  discussions  or  negotiations  regarding,  or furnish to any
person any  information  with respect to, or take any other action to facilitate
any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes,  or may reasonably
be  expected  to lead to,  any Other  Bid,  (d) enter  into a  recapitalization,
reorganization  or any other  extraordinary  business  transaction  involving or
otherwise  relating to either  Company or its business  operations  or (e) enter
into any other  arrangement  with any other  party,  the  purpose of which is to
prevent the consummation of the Transactions. Without limiting the foregoing, it
is understood that any violation of the  restrictions set forth in the preceding
sentence by any  executive  officer of Seller or its  Affiliates,  or any Person
acting at their  direction,  shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 5.13
by Seller.  Seller  agrees not to,  without  the prior  written  consent of CPU,
release any Person  from,  or waive any  provision  of, any  confidentiality  or
standstill  agreement  to  which  Seller  is a  party  that  is  related  to the
Companies.

     5.14 ALLOCATION OF TAX LIABILITIES.

          (a) Seller shall be liable and be  responsible  for all Taxes relating
     to the Companies  regardless  of when due and payable,  (i) with respect to
     all Tax periods  ending on or prior to the Closing  Date,  and (ii) for the
     portion of such period up to and including the Closing Date.

          (b) EQAC will be liable and  responsible for all Taxes relating to the
     Companies regardless of when due and payable with respect to all periods or
     any portion thereof subsequent to the Closing Date.

     5.15 TAX RETURNS.

          (a) Seller  will  include  the income or loss of the  Company  for all
     periods  ending on or before the  Closing  Date on  Seller's  timely  filed
     income  Tax  Returns  and will file all such  Returns  when due  (including
     extensions).  Seller will cause to be prepared,  and will cause to be filed
     when  due  (including  any  extensions),  all  income  Tax  Returns  of the
     Companies  for all Tax periods  ending on or before the Closing  Date,  for
     which such Returns have not been filed as of the Closing Date.  Seller will
     cause all such  Returns to be  accurate  and  complete in  accordance  with
     applicable  Laws and to be prepared on a basis  consistent with the Returns
     filed by or on behalf of the Companies for the preceding Tax period.  Where
     such  Returns  must be filed by the  Companies,  upon  Seller's  reasonable
     request  EQAC will cause such Returns to be filed when due  (including  any
     extensions).

          (b) Seller will cause to be prepared,  and will cause to be filed when
     due (including any extensions), all non-income Tax Returns of the Companies
     for all Tax periods ending on or before the Closing Date. Seller will cause
     all such

<PAGE>

     Returns to be accurate and complete in accordance  with applicable Laws and
     to be prepared on a basis consistent with the Returns filed by or on behalf
     of the Companies  for the preceding Tax period.  Where such Returns must be
     filed by the Companies,  upon Seller's  reasonable  request EQAC will cause
     such  Returns  to  be  filed  when  due  (including  any  extensions).  All
     non-income  Tax  Returns of the  Companies  for  periods  ending  after the
     Closing Date  (including  those for which a portion of such period occurred
     prior to the Closing Date) will be prepared by Purchaser.

          (c) Except as  otherwise  provided  in this  Section  5.15,  EQAC will
     prepare and file when due (including any  extensions)  all other Returns of
     the  Companies  that  include a period  after the Closing  Date;  provided,
     however,  that Seller will have the right to review and provide  reasonable
     comments  (prior to filing)  with  respect to all income Tax  Returns  that
     include the Closing Date or any period prior to the Closing Date.

          (d) For purposes of this Section  5.15,  in the case of any Taxes that
     are  imposed  on a periodic  basis and are  payable  for a Tax period  that
     includes  (but does not end on) the Closing  Date,  the portion of such Tax
     related to the Tax period  ending on the Closing  Date will (i) in the case
     of Taxes  other than Taxes  based upon or related to income,  sales,  gross
     receipts, wages, capital expenditures, expenses or any similar Tax base, be
     deemed to be the amount of such Tax for the entire  period  multiplied by a
     fraction,  the  numerator  of which is the number of days in the Tax period
     ending on the Closing  Date and the  denominator  of which is the number of
     days in the entire Tax period, and (ii) in the case of any Taxes based upon
     or related to income,  sales, gross receipts,  wages, capital expenditures,
     expenses or any similar Tax base,  be deemed equal to the amount that would
     be payable  if the  relevant  Tax period  ended on the  Closing  Date.  All
     determinations  necessary to give effect to the foregoing  allocations will
     be made in a manner consistent with prior practice of the Companies.

     5.16 TAX  COOPERATION.  After the Closing  Date,  EQAC and Seller will make
available to the other, as reasonably  requested,  all  information,  records or
documents   (including  state   apportionment   information)   relating  to  Tax
liabilities  or potential Tax  liabilities  of the Companies with respect to (i)
Tax  periods  ending  on or  prior to the  Closing  Date,  and (ii) Tax  periods
beginning  before the Closing Date,  and ending after the Closing Date, but only
with respect to the portion of such period up to and including the Closing Date.
EQAC and Seller will preserve all such information,  records and documents until
the  expiration of any  applicable  statute of  limitations  thereof.  EQAC will
prepare and provide to Seller any information or documents  reasonably requested
by Seller for Seller's use in preparing or reviewing the Returns  referred to in
Section 5.15.  Notwithstanding  any other provision hereof, each party will bear
its own expenses in complying with the foregoing provisions.

<PAGE>

     5.17 TAX REFUNDS.

          (a) All refunds of Taxes relating to the Companies received by Seller,
     the Companies,  Purchasers or any of their Tax  Affiliates  with respect to
     Tax periods  ending on or before the  Closing  Date or  involving  Seller's
     consolidated  returns  will be for  the  account  of  Seller.  At  Seller's
     request,  EQAC  will pay over to  Seller  any such  refunds  that  EQAC may
     receive,  as well as the cash value of any deductions  available to EQAC in
     connection  with the  exercise of Seller stock  options  after the Closing,
     computed  at an  assumed  40% tax rate,  immediately  upon  receipt of such
     request.  Any refunds due to Seller  pursuant to this Section 5.17(a) shall
     be payable  within  thirty  days of receipt  of such  refund by  Companies,
     Purchasers or any of their Tax Affiliates.

          (b) All other refunds of Taxes with respect to the  Companies  will be
     for the account of EQAC. At EQAC's request, Seller will take such action as
     reasonably  requested  by EQAC to obtain such  refunds and will pay over to
     EQAC any such refunds immediately upon receipt thereof.

          (c) All refunds of Taxes which relate to both periods before and after
     the Closing  shall be  apportioned  between  EQAC and Seller based upon the
     allocation method described in Sections 5.15.

     5.18 TAX SHARING AGREEMENTS.  All tax sharing agreements between Seller, on
the one hand,  and either  Company on the other hand,  shall be terminated as of
the Closing Date after normal  operations but before the "deemed sale of assets"
under Code Section 338(h)(10).

     5.19 INCENTIVE  COMPENSATION.  After the Closing Date, Purchasers will pay,
or cause the Companies to pay, any bonuses or other incentive  compensation that
have been accrued for on the Closing Date Balance Sheet.


     5.20 FURTHER ASSURANCES;  COOPERATION.  From and after Closing,  Purchasers
shall  cooperate  with Seller and  provide  Seller all  reasonable  information,
including,  but not limited to, tax, financial and operational  information,  to
the extent Seller needs such  information to make all filings with  Governmental
Authorities.

     5.21 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.

          (a) RETAINED  PLANS.  Effective as of the Closing Date,  the Companies
     shall cease to be participating employers in any Benefit Plan maintained by
     the Seller or any of its ERISA Affiliates  (other than the Companies) prior
     to the Closing Date,  whether or not disclosed  under this  Agreement or in
     any  Schedule  (the  "Retained  Plans").  The Seller shall take all actions
     necessary to effectuate such  withdrawal of the Companies as  participating
     employers in the Retained Plans without any further liability or obligation
     to the Companies; provided, that Purchasers shall cause all amounts accrued
     on the Closing Date Balance Sheet for contributions to Retained Plans to be
     paid by the

<PAGE>

     Companies to Seller within five (5) business days after written  request by
     Seller.  The  benefits of (i) those  individuals  actively  employed by the
     Companies as of the Closing Date and (ii) those  individuals  who are on an
     approved leave of absence as of the Closing Date, whose last employment was
     with the Companies  and who are expected to return to  employment  with the
     Companies (collectively,  "Company Employees"),  or of any persons claiming
     through such Company  Employees,  shall be  administered in accordance with
     the terms of the Retained Plans,  except to the extent  otherwise set forth
     herein.  Except as expressly  provided by the terms of the Retained  Plans,
     benefits  of  all  Company   Employees  in  the  Retained  Plans  shall  be
     discontinued  as of the  Closing  Date.  CPU  agrees  to take  all  actions
     necessary  to  ensure  that  a  qualified   retirement  plan  sponsored  by
     Companies, or by an ERISA Affiliate of the Companies, following the Closing
     Date, shall accept direct  rollovers of  distributions  made to the Company
     Employees  from the Seller 401(k) Profit  Sharing,  including  rollovers of
     participant loans and related promissory notes.

          (b) COMPANY  PLANS.  The  Companies  shall  continue  to maintain  any
     Benefit Plan  maintained by the Companies for Company  Employees only prior
     to the Closing Date,  whether or not disclosed  under this  Agreement or in
     any Schedule (the "Company Plans"), on and after the Closing Date, and such
     Company Plans shall not be Retained Plans as described in Section  5.20(a).
     Company  Plans shall  include,  but shall not be limited to, the EQS 401(k)
     Retirement Plan, the EQS Employee Assistance  Program,  and the Boston EQS,
     L.P.  Deferred  Compensation  Plan.  Seller  shall  have  no  liability  or
     obligations  with  respect to any Company Plan on or after the Closing Date
     except for a breach of representation covered by Section 8.1.

          (c) CODE SECTION 125 PLAN.  Seller shall take all actions necessary to
     effectuate a "spin-off,"  effective as of the Closing Date, of that portion
     of the DST Systems,  Inc.  Flexible  Benefit  Program (the "DST Flex Plan")
     consisting of the elections and account balances of Company  Employees to a
     plan sponsored by CPU or any CPU Affiliate which is  substantially  similar
     to the Seller Flex Plan (the "Company Flex Plan").

          (d)  WELFARE  PLANS.  Effective  as of the  Closing  Date,  CPU  shall
     establish  employee  welfare benefit plans  maintained by CPU or any of its
     ERISA Affiliates (the "CPU Welfare Plans"),  including, but not limited to,
     medical,  dental,  disability and group life insurance plans,  which shall:
     (i) provide  coverage to Company  Employees  and their spouses and eligible
     dependents effective as of the Closing Date which is substantially  similar
     to coverage provided to similarly-situated employees of CPU's operations in
     the United  States,  (ii)  provide  credit to Company  Employees  for prior
     service with the Seller and any of its ERISA Affiliates for purposes of any
     waiting  periods  under the CPU Welfare  Plans,  and (iii) with  respect to
     medical and dental benefits,  waive any pre-existing  condition limitations
     (to the extent such  limitations  were not  applicable  under the  Retained
     Plans  immediately  prior to the Closing Date). The CPU Welfare Plans shall
     be responsible and liable for all claims for health, accident, sickness and
     disability

<PAGE>

     benefits and workers compensation claims that are deemed incurred after the
     Closing  Date by Company  Employees.  Seller and the  Retained  Plans shall
     remain  responsible  and  liable  for all  similar  claims  that are deemed
     incurred  by Company  Employees  on or prior to the  Closing  Date,  to the
     extent  such  claims are  otherwise  covered  by the terms of the  Retained
     Plans.  For  purposes  of this  Section  5.21(d):  (i) a claim  for  health
     benefits (including,  without limitation,  claims for medical, prescription
     drug,  dental,  and  vision  care  expenses)  will be  deemed  to have been
     incurred on the date on which the related  medical  service or material was
     rendered to,  prescribed or received by the Company Employee  claiming such
     benefit,  (ii) a claim for  sickness  or  disability  benefits  or  workers
     compensation will be deemed to have been incurred on the date on which such
     injury or illness giving rise to such claim occurred, and (iii) in the case
     of any claim for  benefits  other than health  benefits  and  sickness  and
     disability benefits (e.g., life insurance benefits), a claim will be deemed
     to have been incurred upon the  occurrence of the event giving rise to such
     claim.

          (e) COBRA.  The Seller shall be  responsible  for  complying  with all
     obligations  under  Part 6,  Subtitle  B of Title I of  ERISA,  as  amended
     ("COBRA"),   with  respect  to  Company   Employees  and  other  "qualified
     beneficiaries"  who incur a "qualifying  event" under a Retained Plan on or
     prior to the Closing Date. CPU shall be responsible  for complying with all
     COBRA  obligations with respect to any Company Employee and other qualified
     beneficiaries  under the CPU  Welfare  Plans as a result of any  qualifying
     events occurring after the Closing Date.

          (f) BONUS AND INCENTIVE PLANS. After the Closing Date, Purchasers will
     pay,  or cause  the  Companies  to pay,  any  bonuses  or  other  incentive
     compensation that have been accrued for on the Closing Date Balance Sheet.

          (g) STOCK  OPTIONS  AND  RESTRICTED  STOCK.  Seller  may,  at its sole
     option,  extend  the  exercise  period  for stock  options  held by Company
     Employees as of the Closing Date for an  additional  period  following  the
     Closing Date and may  accelerate  the vesting of certain  restricted  stock
     held by Company Employees as of the Closing Date.

     5.22  PRE-CLOSING   DISCLOSURE.   Seller  shall  immediately   disclose  to
purchasers any fact,  event or circumstance  that has a Material  Adverse Effect
with respect to the Companies.

     5.23  CERTAIN IT EMPLOYEES. Prior to or at the Closing, Seller shall effect
the  transfer  of  employment  to EQS of up to  fifty  (50)  Seller  information
technology employees that prior to Closing have been dedicated to support of EQS
desktop systems at EQS's facility.

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE 6
                         CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING

     6.1 CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT - ALL PARTIES.  The obligations of the parties to
effect the sale and purchase of the Shares shall be subject to  satisfaction  of
the following conditions at or prior to the Closing.

          (a)  None of the  parties  shall  be  subject  to any  statute,  rule,
     regulation,  injunction  or other  order or decree  which  shall  have been
     enacted,  entered,  promulgated or enforced by any  governmental  entity or
     court of competent jurisdiction which prohibits,  prevents or makes illegal
     completion  of the sale and purchase of the Shares or the  consummation  of
     the Transactions;

          (b) No proceeding initiated by any Governmental Authority or any other
     Person seeking an order, injunction or decree issued by any court or agency
     of  competent   jurisdiction   or  other  legal  restraint  or  prohibition
     preventing  the  completion of the sale and purchase of the Shares shall be
     pending or threatened;

          (c) All required  consents of  Governmental  Authorities and approvals
     shall have been obtained, including filings pursuant to the HSR Act and the
     CIBCA; and

          (d) All of the  Ancillary  Agreements  shall  have been  executed  and
     delivered by the parties thereto.

     6.2 CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT - SELLER. The obligations of Seller to effect the
sale  and  transfer  of the  Shares  shall be  subject  to  satisfaction  of the
following conditions at or prior to the Closing.

          (a) The  representations  and  warranties of  Purchasers  set forth in
     Article 4 hereof shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement
     and in all  material  respects  as of the Closing as though made anew as of
     the  Closing,  unless in the latter case the  representation  and  warranty
     specifically relates to an earlier date;

          (b)  Purchasers  shall have  performed  in all  material  respects all
     obligations  and complied in all material  respects  with all covenants and
     agreements  required to be performed  and  complied  with by it pursuant to
     this Agreement at or prior to the Closing;

          (c) Seller shall have been  released  from any and all  guarantees  of
     obligations  relating to EQS or EquiServe Trust described in SECTION 6.2(C)
     of the Seller's Disclosure Schedule;

<PAGE>

          (d) Seller shall have  received  from  Purchasers  the documents to be
     delivered to Seller pursuant to Section 2.4;

          (e) Each of Purchasers  shall have  delivered to Seller a certificate,
     dated as of the Closing  and signed by a duly  authorized  officer,  to the
     effect that the  conditions  set forth in  Sections  6.2(a) and 6.2(b) have
     been satisfied.

     6.3  CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT - PURCHASERS.  The  obligations of Purchasers to
effect the sale and transfer of the Shares shall be subject to  satisfaction  of
the following conditions at or prior to the Closing.

          (a) The  representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article
     3 hereof shall be true and correct as of the date of this  Agreement and in
     all  material  respects  as of the  Closing  as though  made anew as of the
     Closing,  unless  in  the  latter  case  the  representation  and  warranty
     specifically relates to the Effective Date or to another date;

          (b)  Seller  shall  have  performed  in  all  material   respects  all
     obligations  and complied in all material  respects  with all covenants and
     agreements  required to be performed  and  complied  with by it pursuant to
     this Agreement at or prior to the Closing;

          (c)  Purchasers  shall have  received  from Seller the documents to be
     delivered to Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.4;

          (d) Since the date of the Agreement, there shall not have occurred any
     Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Companies;

          (e) Seller shall have delivered to Purchasers a certificate,  dated as
     of the Closing and signed by a duly authorized  officer, to the effect that
     the conditions set forth in Sections 6.3(a) and 6.3(b)have been satisfied.


                                    ARTICLE 7
                                   TERMINATION

     7.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated:

          (a) at any time prior to the Closing, by the mutual consent in writing
     of Purchasers and Seller;

          (b) at any time  prior to the  Closing,  by  Purchasers  in writing if
     Seller has  breached  in any  material  respect  any  material  covenant or
     undertaking  contained  herein or any material  representation  or warranty
     contained herein,

<PAGE>

     unless such  breach has been cured  within  thirty (30) days after  written
     notice of such breach;

          (c) at any  time  prior  to the  Closing,  by  Seller  in  writing  if
     Purchasers have breached in any material  respect any material  covenant or
     undertaking  contained  herein or any material  representation  or warranty
     contained herein, unless such breach has been cured within thirty (30) days
     after written notice of such breach;

          (d) at any time prior to the Closing,  by either  Purchasers or Seller
     in writing if any  governmental  entity or court of competent  jurisdiction
     shall  have  issued a final  nonappealable  order  enjoining  or  otherwise
     prohibiting  the completion of the sale and purchase of the Shares pursuant
     to this Agreement;

          (e) at any time  prior to the  Closing,  by Seller in  writing  if (i)
     Purchasers  have not  obtained  regulatory  approval  within  six months of
     filing a technically  complete  Corporate  Background and Financial  Report
     Form,  and other related  documents and filings  pursuant to the CIBCA,  or
     (ii) if a Corporate Background and Financial Report Form (the "Notice") has
     not been  filed  prior to the date set  forth in  Section  5.8(b),  or , if
     additions  or changes to the  Notice are  requested  by the OCC in order to
     make it technically complete,  within ten (10) business days after the date
     of such request by the OCC.

          (f) and if Seller terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(c)
     or (e) (unless,  with respect to a termination  under Section  7.1(e),  the
     Seller is the cause of the failure to obtain any such regulatory approval),
     Seller  shall be  entitled  to  liquidated  damages in the amount of Twenty
     Million Dollars ($20,000,000),  payable by Purchasers, in cash, immediately
     upon demand by Seller. If Purchasers  terminate this Agreement  pursuant to
     Section 7.1(b),  Purchasers shall be entitled to liquidated  damages in the
     amount of Twenty Million Dollars  ($20,000,000) payable by Seller, in cash,
     immediately upon demand by Purchaser.  The parties agree that the foregoing
     is intended as an estimate of their actual  losses in such an event,  which
     will be difficult to calculate,  and not as a penalty, and that the payment
     of the foregoing  liquidated damages shall be the sole and exclusive remedy
     for termination of this Agreement as described in this paragraph.  Prior to
     the  exercise of any  termination  rights  under this  Article 7, the chief
     executive  officers of the parties shall discuss with each other reasonable
     alternatives  that may be available for  restructuring  the Transactions to
     avoid termination.

                                    ARTICLE 8
                                 INDEMNIFICATION

     8.1 INDEMNITY BY SELLER.

          (a) Subject to Section 8.1(b),  Seller agrees to indemnify Purchasers,
     their Affiliates  (including,  after the Closing,  the Companies) and their

<PAGE>

     respective employees, officers, directors,  controlling persons, successors
     and  assigns,  harmless  from  and  with  respect  to any and  all  claims,
     liabilities,   losses,  damages,  costs  and  expenses,  including  without
     limitation  the  reasonable  fees and  disbursements  of counsel and expert
     witnesses (collectively,  the "PURCHASERS' LOSSES"),  related to or arising
     directly or indirectly out of (i) any inaccuracies in any representation or
     warranty  made by Seller in this  Agreement,  (ii) any failure or breach by
     Seller of any covenant,  obligation,  or undertaking made by Seller in this
     Agreement or (iii) any Identified Liability.

          (b)  Except  for   Purchasers'   Losses   arising   directly   from  a
     misrepresentation  or breach under  Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 5.6, 5.14,
     5.16, 5.17 and 5.21, no Claim may be made under Section 8.1(a)(i) after the
     second  annual  anniversary  of  the  Closing  Date  (the  "INDEMNIFICATION
     Period").  Seller shall have no liability under Section 8.1(a) or otherwise
     pursuant to this Agreement or arising out of the Transactions for any claim
     resulting  in  Purchasers'  Losses of less than $10,000 and until the total
     aggregate of Purchasers'  Losses exceeds the Minimum Threshold Amount,  and
     then only for the amount by which  Purchasers'  Losses  exceed the  Minimum
     Threshold Amount.  The total liability of Seller under Section 8.1(a)(i) or
     otherwise  pursuant to this  Agreement  or arising out of the  Transactions
     shall not exceed, in the aggregate, $15,000,000. However, the foregoing two
     sentences  of this  Section  8.1(b)  shall not apply to Claims  pursuant to
     Section  8.1(a)(iii) or any breach of the representations and warranties or
     covenants or  agreements  set forth in Sections  2.15,  3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4,
     5.6,  5.14,  5.16,  5.17,  5.21 and Section  7.1 (f) hereof.  Any Claim for
     Purchasers'  Losses arising from, or in connection  with, any inaccuracy or
     misrepresentation  in, or  breach  of any  representation  or  warranty  or
     covenant or agreement set forth in Sections 2.15,  3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 5.6,
     5.14,  5.16, 5.17 and 5.21 shall be limited to, and under no  circumstances
     shall exceed,  in the  aggregate,  the total value of the Purchase Price on
     the  Closing  Date.  For  purposes  of  determining  the total value of the
     Purchase  Price,  the value of the CPU Shares on the Closing  Date shall be
     computed  using the average high and low trading price of the CPU Shares on
     the ASX on the Closing  Date,  or the next  business  day after the Closing
     Date, if the markets are closed on the Closing Date.

          (c)  Notwithstanding  the foregoing  provisions of Section 8.1, or any
     other provision of this Agreement,  Seller shall have no obligation for any
     of  Purchasers'  Losses that are  recoverable  pursuant to (i) the Bank One
     Corporation Agreements, or (ii) any insurance policies described in Section
     3.18 of Seller's Disclosure Schedule. No waiver or compromise of any rights
     by CPU or by EQS after the Closing shall have any effect upon the foregoing
     limitation of Seller's obligations

     8.2 INDEMNITY BY PURCHASERS.

          (a)  Subject  to  Section  8.2(b),  Purchasers  agree to  jointly  and
     severally indemnify Seller, its Affiliates and their respective  employees,
     officers, directors,  controlling persons, successors and assigns, harmless
     from and with

<PAGE>

     respect to any and all  claims,  liabilities,  losses,  damages,  costs and
     expenses,   including   without   limitation   the   reasonable   fees  and
     disbursements of counsel and expert witnesses (collectively,  the "SELLER'S
     LOSSES"),  related  to or arising  directly  or  indirectly  out of (i) any
     inaccuracies in any  representation  or warranty made by Purchasers in this
     Agreement,  or (ii) any failure or breach by  Purchasers  of any  covenant,
     obligation,  or undertaking  made by Purchasers in this Agreement and (iii)
     all  guarantees  made by Seller or its Affiliate of  obligations  of EQS or
     EquiServe  Trust  described in SECTION  6.2(C) of the  Seller's  Disclosure
     Schedule.

          (b)   Except   for   Seller's   Losses   arising   directly   from   a
     misrepresentation or breach under Sections 2.2(a), 2.2(b), 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 or
     4.4, no Claim may be made under Section  8.2(a) after the expiration of the
     Indemnification  Period.  Purchasers  shall have no liability under Section
     8.2(a)(i)  or  otherwise  pursuant to this  Agreement or arising out of the
     Transactions  for any  claim  resulting  in  Seller's  Losses  of less than
     $10,000  and until the total  aggregate  of  Seller's  Losses  exceeds  the
     Minimum  Threshold  Amount and then only for the  amount by which  Seller's
     Losses  exceed  the  Minimum  Threshold  Amount.  The  total  liability  of
     Purchasers  for  indemnification   under  Section  8.2(a)(i)  or  otherwise
     pursuant  to this  Agreement  or arising  out of the  Transactions  for any
     amount of Seller's Losses shall not exceed, in the aggregate,  $15,000,000.
     However, the foregoing two sentences of this Section 8.2(b) shall not apply
     to any  breach  of the  representations  and  warranties  or  covenants  or
     agreements set forth in Sections  2.2(a),  2.2(b),  2.15, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and
     4.4, and to Section  7.1(f) hereof.  Any Claim for Seller's  Losses arising
     from, or in connection  with,  any inaccuracy or  misrepresentation  in, or
     breach of any representation or warranty or covenant or agreement set forth
     in Sections 2.15,  2.2(a),  2.2(b),  4.1, 4.2, 4.3 or 4.4, shall be limited
     to, and under no circumstances  shall exceed,  in the aggregate,  the total
     value of the  Purchase  Price on the  Closing  Date.  The  value of the CPU
     Shares on the Closing Date shall be computed using the average high and low
     trading price of the CPU Shares on the ASX on the Closing Date, or the next
     business  day after the  Closing  Date,  if the  markets  are closed on the
     Closing Date.

     8.3 CLAIMS.

          (a) Any party  seeking  indemnification  hereunder  (the  "INDEMNIFIED
     PARTY")  shall  promptly  notify  the party  hereto  obligated  to  provide
     indemnification  hereunder  (the  "INDEMNIFYING  Party")  of any Claim with
     respect to which the  Indemnified  Party seeks  indemnification  hereunder,
     provided  that failure of the  Indemnified  Party to give such notice shall
     not relieve the Indemnifying  Party of its obligations under this Article 8
     except to the extent,  if at all, that such  Indemnifying  Party shall have
     been  prejudiced  thereby.  If such  Claim  relates  to any  action,  suit,
     proceeding or demand  instituted  against the Indemnified  Party by a third
     party (a  "THIRD  PARTY  CLAIM"),  upon  receipt  of such  notice  from the
     Indemnified  Party the Indemnifying  Party shall be entitled to participate
     in the  defense of such Third Party  Claim,  and if and only if each of the
     following  conditions is satisfied,  the Indemnifying  Party may assume the
     defense of such Third Party  Claim,  and in the case of such an  assumption
     the

<PAGE>

     Indemnifying  Party shall have the authority to negotiate,  compromise  and
     settle such Third  Party  Claim:  (i) the  Indemnifying  Party  confirms in
     writing that it is obligated  hereunder to indemnify the Indemnified  Party
     with  respect to such Third Party  Claim;  and (ii) there is no conflict of
     interest  which  would  make  separate  representation  by the  Indemnified
     Party's own counsel advisable. The Indemnified Party shall retain the right
     to employ its own  counsel and to  participate  in the defense of any Third
     Party  Claim,  the  defense of which has been  assumed by the  Indemnifying
     Party pursuant  hereto,  but the Indemnified  Party shall bear and shall be
     solely  responsible  for its own costs and expenses in connection with such
     participation.  The Indemnifying Party shall not, without the prior written
     consent of the Indemnified Party, settle or compromise any claim or consent
     to the entry of any judgment that (i) does not include as an  unconditional
     term thereof the giving by the claimant or the plaintiff to the Indemnified
     Party a release from all  liability in respect of such claim or (ii) impose
     any obligation on the Indemnified Party.

          (b) In the event of any Indemnification Claim under Section 8.1 or 8.2
     hereof,  the Indemnified Party shall fully advise the Indemnifying Party in
     writing of the amount and  circumstances  surrounding such  Indemnification
     Claim and  cooperate  fully with the  Indemnifying  Party in the defense of
     such   Indemnification   Claim.

     8.4  INDEMNIFICATION  AS  SOLE  REMEDY.  Indemnification  pursuant  to this
Article 8 is the sole and exclusive remedy for any and all claims arising under,
or in connection with, this Agreement or any of the Transactions,  other than as
set forth in Sections 5.1, 5.6 and 7.1, and no party hereto shall be entitled to
make any claim that  would  circumvent  the  limitations  set forth in  Sections
8.1(b) and (c) and 8.2(b); provided, however, Purchaser shall have the rights to
equitable relief set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.6.

     8.5 CHARACTERIZATION OF PAYMENTS. Any payments made by Seller or Purchasers
pursuant to this Article 8 shall be treated by all parties as an  adjustment  to
the Purchase Price, unless otherwise required by applicable Law.

     8.6 INTERPRETATION.  The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that, with
the exception of the  representations,  warranties  and  covenants  specified in
Section 3.16 herein,  the words and terms "material," "in all material respects"
and "Material Adverse Effect" (whether or not capitalized) when used to modify a
representation,  warranty or covenant  contained herein shall be disregarded for
the purposes of this Article 8. By way of further  explanation,  for purposes of
determining whether a breach of any representation, warranty or covenant (except
for the  representations,  warranties  and  covenants  specified in Section 3.16
herein) has occurred and the amount of Losses by reason of any such breach under
this Article 8, the  applicable  representation,  warranty or covenant  shall be
read and interpreted as if such words and terms were not included  therein.  For
purposes  of this  Article  8, the term  "Transactions"  does  not  include  the
Ancillary Agreements.

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE 9
                             GENERAL; MISCELLANEOUS

     9.1 EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, all expenses
of the  preparation,  execution and  consummation  of this  Agreement and of the
transactions  contemplated hereby,  including,  without limitation,  attorneys',
accountants' and outside advisors' fees and disbursements, shall be borne by the
party incurring such expenses.

     9.2 NOTICES. Any notice, request,  instruction or other communication to be
given  hereunder  by any  party to  another  shall  be  given by hand  delivery,
facsimile,  certified  or  registered  mail  (return  receipt  requested)  or by
recognized  overnight  express  service,  addressed to the  respective  party or
parties at the following addresses:

                           If to Seller:

                                    DST Systems, Inc.
                                    333 W. 11th Street
                                    Kansas City, Missouri 64105
                                    Attention: Chief Executive Officer
                                    Facsimile: (816)435-8630

                           With a copy to:

                                    DST Systems, Inc.
                                    333 W. 11th Street
                                    Kansas City, Missouri 64105
                                    Attention: General Counsel
                                    Facsimile: (816)435-8630

                           If to Purchasers:

                                    Computershare (US)
                                    2 North LaSalle Street
                                    Chicago, Illinois 60692
                                    Attention: Chief Executive Officer
                                    Facsimile:  (312) 601-4336

                           With a copy to:

                                    Computershare Ltd.
                                    60 Carrington Street
                                    Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
                                    Attention: Chief Legal Officer
                                    Facsimile:  613 9473 2415

<PAGE>


or to such other  address or addresses as any party may  designate to the others
by like notice as hereinabove  set forth.  Any notice given  hereunder  shall be
deemed  given  and  received  on the date of hand  delivery,  the  date  sent by
facsimile so long as the notice and  confirmation are sent the same day and such
day is a Business Day (otherwise on the next Business Day) or three (3) Business
Days after  deposit  with the United  States  Postal  Service if sent by mail as
provided above, or one (1) Business Day after delivery to a recognized overnight
express service for next day delivery, as the case may be

     9.3 GOVERNING LAW. This  Agreement  shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to
its conflict of laws rules.

     9.4 CONSENT TO  JURISDICTION.  Each of the parties  hereto  agrees that any
suit, action or proceeding  instituted against such party under or in connection
with this Agreement  shall be brought,  non-exclusively  in a court of competent
jurisdiction of the State of Delaware.  By execution  hereof,  each party hereto
irrevocably  waives any  objection  to, and any right of immunity on the grounds
of, improper venue, the convenience of the forum,  the personal  jurisdiction of
such courts or the execution of judgments resulting therefrom. Each party hereto
hereby irrevocably accepts and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such
courts in any such action, suit or proceeding.

     9.5 SECTIONS AND SECTION HEADINGS. The headings of sections and subsections
are for reference only and shall not limit or control the meaning thereof.

     9.6 ASSIGNS.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties  hereto and their  respective  heirs,  successors  and  permitted
assigns.  Neither this Agreement nor the  obligations of any party  hereunder or
thereunder  shall be assignable or  transferable by such party without the prior
written consent of the other party hereto or thereto, except that each Purchaser
may assign any and all of its right,  interests  and  obligations  hereunder  as
security for  obligations  to lenders and except that each  Purchaser may assign
its rights under this Agreement to an Affiliate; PROVIDED that neither Purchaser
shall be  released  from any of its  obligations  hereunder  by  reason  of such
assignment.

     9.7 NO IMPLIED RIGHTS OR REMEDIES.  Except as otherwise  expressly provided
herein, nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to
confer  upon or to give any  Person,  except the  parties  and their  respective
successors,  if any,  hereto,  any rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Agreement.

     9.8 COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts,
each of which  shall be  deemed an  original,  but all of which  together  shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

     9.9 CONSTRUCTION.

          (a) The  language  used in this  Agreement  will be  deemed  to be the
     language  chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent,  and
     no rule of strict  construction  shall be applied against either party. Any
     reference to any  applicable Law

<PAGE>

     shall be  deemed  also to refer to all rules  and  regulations  promulgated
     thereunder unless the context requires otherwise.  Whenever required by the
     context,  any gender shall  include any other  gender,  the singular  shall
     include the plural and the plural  shall  include the  singular.  The words
     "herein,"  "hereof,"  "hereunder," and words of similar import refer to the
     Agreement as a whole and not to a particular section.  All references to an
     Article or Section include all subparts thereof.  The headings contained in
     this Agreement are for reference  purposes only and shall not affect in any
     way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  Each party hereto has
     participated  in  the  drafting  of  this   Agreement,   which  each  party
     acknowledges and agrees is the result of extensive  negotiations  among the
     parties.  Whenever the word "including" is used in this Agreement, it shall
     be deemed  to mean  "including  without  limitation,"  "including,  but not
     limited to" or other words of similar import such that the items  following
     the word  "including"  shall be deemed to be a list by way of  illustration
     only and shall not be deemed to be an exhaustive  list of applicable  items
     in the context thereof.

          (b) The parties hereto intend that each representation,  warranty, and
     covenant contained herein shall have independent significance. If any party
     has breached any  representation,  warranty or covenant contained herein in
     any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or
     covenant  relating to the same subject  matter  (regardless of the relative
     levels of  specificity)  that the party has not breached  shall not detract
     from or  mitigate  the  fact  that  the  party is in  breach  of the  first
     representation, warranty or covenant.

     9.10  SEVERABILITY.  The invalidity or  unenforceability  of any particular
provision of this Agreement or any related  agreement shall not affect the other
provisions  hereof or thereof,  and this  Agreement  shall be  construed  in all
respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision was omitted.

     9.11 WAIVER OF CERTAIN  DAMAGES.  All of the parties  hereto to the fullest
extent permitted by law irrevocably  waive any rights they may have to punitive,
special,  exemplary or  consequential  damages based upon or arising out of this
Agreement or any course of conduct, course of dealing,  statements or actions of
any of them relating thereto; PROVIDED that the foregoing waiver shall not apply
with respect to damages awarded to third parties and subject to  indemnification
under this Agreement.  For purposes of this Agreement, no party shall waive, and
either  party shall be entitled  to,  liquidated  damages  pursuant to Article 7
hereof.

     9.12 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement contains the entire understanding of
the  parties   hereto  and  thereto,   supersedes   all  prior   agreements  and
understandings  relating to the subject  matter hereof and thereof and shall not
be amended except by a written instrument hereafter signed by all of the parties
hereto or thereto,  as applicable.  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement
shall be  effective  unless  evidenced  by a  written  instrument  signed by the
waiving party. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledge and agree that, in
entering  into this  Agreement  they have not in any way relied upon any oral or
written   agreements,    statements,   promises,   information,    arrangements,
understandings,   representations  or  warranties,   express  or  implied,   not
specifically set forth in this Agreement.

                             SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first hereinabove written.


                                    SELLER:

                                    DST SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware
                                    corporation


                                    By: /s/ Thomas A. McDonnell
                                       ----------------------------------
                                    Thomas A. McDonnell
                                    President and Chief Executive Officer


                                    PURCHASERS:

                                    COMPUTERSHARE LTD., an Australian
                                    corporation



                                    By: /s/ Christopher J. Morris
                                       ----------------------------------
                                    Christopher J. Morris
                                    President and Chief Executive Officer


                                    COMPUTERSHARE (US), a Delaware general
                                    partnership

                                    By Computershare Finance Company
                                    Pty Ltd., its general partner


                                    By: /s/ Paul X. Tobin
                                       ----------------------------------
                                    Name:  Paul X. Tobin
                                    Title:  Director


                                    EQAC INC., a Delaware corporation



                                    By: /s/ Steven Rothbloom
                                       ----------------------------------
                                    Name:  Steven Rothbloom
                                    Title:  President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
