 TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT    
EXHIBIT 10.1   EXECUTION COPY   TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT   This
Transition Services Agreement (this "Agreement") entered into as of November
29, 2003, is by and between Sears, Roebuck and Co. ("Seller"), a New York
corporation, and TBC Corporation ("Buyer"), a Delaware corporation.  
RECITALS   WHEREAS, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of
September 21, 2003 (the "Stock Purchase Agreement"), by and between Seller
and Buyer, Buyer will purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock
of NTW Incorporated (the "Company"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Seller
(the "Acquisition");   WHEREAS, in connection with the Acquisition, Buyer
desires to obtain from Seller and certain of its Affiliates certain
transition services related to the Business; and   WHEREAS, it is a
condition to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Stock
Purchase Agreement (the "Closing") that Seller and Buyer enter into this
Agreement;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the
mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement agree as follows:  
ARTICLE I  TRANSITION SERVICES   1.01 Services to be Provided by Seller.
Seller shall provide to the Company transition services in accordance with
the terms, limitations and conditions set forth in this Agreement (the
"Transition Services"). The Transition Services shall consist of all services
listed in Exhibit A. In addition, Buyer may request that Seller provide to
the Company other services (the "Other Services") of a type previously
furnished by Seller to the Business. Except as set forth in Exhibit A, Seller
shall have the right to perform or not perform such Other Services in its
sole discretion. The Other Services shall be furnished at a cost consistent
with the amount allocated to the Business by Seller for the Other Services
immediately prior to the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.   1.02 Term. Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date of the
Closing and continue thereafter for six (6) months; provided that Buyer may
renew the term of this Agreement once for a period of up to three (3)
additional months by providing Seller written notice therefor at least thirty
(30) days prior to the original expiration date of this Agreement. The date
on which this Agreement   1   expires or terminates shall be deemed the
"Expiration Date". Subject to the terms and conditions of Exhibit A, Buyer
shall use reasonable efforts to assume responsibility for such Transition
Services as soon as practicable. Except as specified in Exhibit A, no
Transition Service shall be provided by Seller more than nine (9) months
after the Closing. As Buyer transfers each NTB Store (as defined in the Stock
Purchase Agreement) from Seller\'s point of sale system ("TPOS") to Buyer\'s
systems, Seller shall have no further obligation to provide any Transition
Services for that NTB Store that are related to the use of TPOS in the NTB
Store (e.g., store Intranet, e-mail and other systems support,
store financial reporting, store-based Kansas City commercial credit
activity, buying and inventory replenishment, etc.) ("Store Based Transition
Services") for that NTB Store, except for reports, file extracts, and the
like needed by that NTB Store to complete the conversion to Buyer\'s
systems.   1.03 Quantity and Nature of Service. Unless otherwise agreed by
the parties in writing, Seller shall perform the Transition Services with no
less than substantially the same degree of care, timeliness and diligence and
using substantially the same business procedures and policies, standards of
care and internal controls, including loss prevention controls, consistent
with those used by Seller in providing the Transition Services to the
Business prior to the Closing. Seller will use commercially reasonable
efforts to resolve any material deficiencies in its performance of the
Transition Services as to which Seller is notified by Buyer. Except as
specified in Exhibit A, the parties do not intend this Agreement to change,
in any material respect, the type, quality, timeliness or manner of
performance of any Transition Services from those provided by Seller to the
Business prior to the Closing. There will be no material change in the scope
of the Transition Services without the mutual agreement of the parties and
appropriate adjustments to the charges for such Transition Services.
Buyer and the Company shall use the Transition Services for substantially the
same purposes and in substantially the same manner as the Business used such
services prior to the Closing and for no other purposes and in no other
manner. Buyer and the Company are not permitted to resell any Transition
Service or otherwise use the Transition Services in any way other than in
connection with the conduct of the Business by the Company in the ordinary
course of Business consistent with past practice.   1.04 Transitional
Nature of Services. The Transition Services are transitional and temporary in
nature and will be furnished by Seller solely for the purpose of facilitating
the transition of the Business to Buyer during the term of this Agreement.
Buyer understands that Seller is not in the business of providing Transition
Services to third parties and has no interest in continuing this Agreement
beyond the applicable Expiration Date relating to such Transition Services.
The applicable Expiration Date relating to any Transition Services will not
be extended without the prior written consent of Seller, which consent may be
withheld by Seller in its sole and absolute discretion. Any extension of the
applicable Expiration Date relating to any Transition Services will include a
significant increase in fees and other payments to Seller.   1.05 Use of
Affiliates and Third Parties. Seller will be entitled without notice to Buyer
to use affiliates or retain third parties to provide any or all of the
Transition Services and Other Services; provided, however, that Seller\'s use
of non-affiliated third parties shall not be materially different from
Seller\'s use of third parties to provide services to the SAC Stores
unless such difference results from Seller\'s inability to obtain, on
commercially reasonable terms, the consent of any third party used by Seller
to perform services for the Business prior to the Closing   2   Date to
Seller\'s use of such third party to perform Transition Services or
Other Services. Such use of affiliates or retention of third parties shall
not relieve Seller of any of its obligations under this Agreement.   1.06
Assets of the Business. During the term of this Agreement and at no charge,
Buyer agrees that (i) no assets of the Company that are necessary for Seller
to provide the Transition Services or Other Services will be moved, relocated
or disabled and (ii) Seller may use, at no charge, all such assets of the
Company that are necessary for Seller to provide the Transition Services
or Other Services.   1.07 Review and Confirmation. Subject to resource
availability, Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist
Buyer and its representatives in reviewing and confirming the accuracy of
disbursements made and information generated by Seller in the performance of
the Transition Services and any Other Services. Subject to resource
availability, Seller shall also use commercially reasonable efforts to assist
Buyer to understand, utilize and further process any information or materials
generated by Seller pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall reimburse Seller
for any costs or expenses incurred by Seller pursuant to this Section to the
extent that such costs or expenses are beyond the scope of the Transition
Services or Other Services.   1.08 Compliance with Law. Nothing in this
Agreement shall require Seller to violate any federal, state, local or common
law or regulation.   1.09 Virtual Data Room. Seller shall promptly after the
Closing Date provide to Buyer CD-ROMs with the contents of the Citigroup
virtual data room assembled in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Stock Purchase Agreement.   ARTICLE II  FEES AND PAYMENT   2.01
Fees and Expenses.   (a) The fees listed under the "Fees to Seller"
sections  in Exhibit A for Transition Services relating to Information
Systems,  Human Resources, Accounts Payable, Accounting and Financial
Reporting,  and Kansas City Commercial Credit (collectively, the "Core
Services")  total $5,800,000 on an annual basis, or $483,333 per fiscal month
of  Seller, or $2,148 for each of the 225 NTB Stores transferred to Buyer 
at the Closing. Buyer will pay Seller monthly: (i) for the Core  Services, a
fee equal to $2,148 per month per NTB Store that, on the  first day of that
fiscal month of Seller, had not been transferred to  Buyer\'s systems and
services; (ii) the other fees and amounts specified  in Exhibit A; and (iii)
any fees associated with the provision of Other  Services (collectively, the
"Fees"). Except as set forth in Exhibit A,  the Fees do not include personnel
time, costs or expenses relating to  or arising from the actual transition of
the Company\'s operations to  Buyer, including conversion of data and
information to Buyer\'s systems,  for which Buyer will be obligated to pay
Seller if Buyer requests that  Seller assist Buyer in such transition.  
3    (b) In addition to the Fees, Buyer will, subject to the  limitations
hereinafter set forth, reimburse Seller for all  out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in its performance of the Transition  Services and Other Services
or, if directed by Seller, pay directly any  third parties providing goods or
services to or for the benefit of the  Company (collectively, the
"Expenses"). The obligation of Buyer to  reimburse Seller for Expenses is
subject to the following limitations:  (i) Buyer shall be obligated to
reimburse Seller only for those  Expenses which, in accordance with Seller\'s
policies and practices in  effect prior to the Closing, would have been
allocated to the Business  apart from and in addition to the Fees otherwise
allocated to the  Business; (ii) with respect to any Expenses in excess of
$10,000, Buyer  shall be obligated to reimburse Seller only if Seller shall
have given  to Buyer at least 10 days\' advance written notice of Seller\'s
intention  to incur such Expense; and (iii) in no event shall Buyer be
responsible  for reimbursing Seller for any costs incurred by Seller to
enable  Seller to provide the Transition Services to Buyer without
violating  any of Seller\'s agreements with its vendors.   2.02 Payment.
Seller will invoice Buyer for the Fees and Expenses in arrears within six (6)
business days after Seller\'s fiscal month end during which the Fees and
Expenses are incurred. Buyer will pay all Fees and Expenses within 48 hours
after receipt of Seller\'s invoice to Buyer. Unless otherwise mutually agreed
in writing, all Fees and Expenses will be payable by Buyer through electronic
transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by
Seller from time to time. Any portion of an amount due to Seller not paid on
its respective due date shall bear interest at the rate of 12% per annum from
the due date until paid in full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the amount
due to Seller is disputed by Buyer in good faith and Seller receives prompt
written notice of such dispute, late charges shall not begin to accrue until
the dispute is settled. In addition to the Fees and Expenses payable by Buyer
to Seller under this Agreement, Buyer shall pay any applicable taxes
or assessments, including without limitation any sales, use or excise taxes,
which may be levied or assessed by any government or other taxing authority
in connection with the provision by Seller of the Transition Services or
Other Services, or any receipts therefor, other than federal, state or local
income taxes (including both regular and alternative minimum taxes) or other
federal, state or local taxes based upon Seller\'s taxable income,
alternative taxable income or net income. All amounts due and payable by
Buyer under this Agreement shall be paid by Buyer to Seller at the address
provided in the invoice, or at such other place as Seller may from time to
time designate in a written notice to Buyer.   ARTICLE III  LIMITATIONS ON
LIABILITY   3.01 DISCLAIMER. BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SELLER IS PROVIDING
THE TRANSITION SERVICES AND OTHER SERVICES CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT
SOLELY AS AN ACCOMMODATION TO THE TRANSITION OF THE COMPANY TO BUYER
FOLLOWING THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, ALL
SERVICES AND GOODS PROVIDED BY SELLER UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS, WHERE IS" BASIS, AND SELLER HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER
WITH   4   RESPECT TO BOTH SERVICES AND GOODS, WHETHER STATUTORY, ORAL,
WRITTEN, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING
FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.   3.02 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
SUBJECT TO THE EXCEPTION SET FORTH IN SECTION 3.03, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER
PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, SELLER\'S AND ITS AFFILIATES\' LIABILITY FOR ALL
CLAIMS OF ANY KIND (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE
FOR ALL CLAIMS, $4,000,000. SUBJECT TO THE EXCEPTION SET FORTH IN SECTION
3.03, IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLER OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO BUYER OR
COMPANY OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER SIMILAR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR LOSS
OF PROFITS OR DATA (PROVIDED THAT SELLER HAS MAINTAINED BACKUP DATA AS
REQUIRED BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT) OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, WHETHER
SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARE ALLEGED IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT
OR INDEMNITY, AND EVEN IF SELLER OR ITS AFFILIATES WERE ADVISED OR AWARE OF
THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES OCCURRING.   3.03 EXCEPTION. THE
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN SECTION 3.02 SHALL NOT APPLY IN THE
CASE OF ANY WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD BY SELLER.   3.04 Books and
Records.   (a) Seller shall keep accurate books and records,  consistent
with its customary accounting and business practices, which  relate directly
to the performance of the Transition Services under  this Agreement. As part
of its performance of services under this  Agreement, Seller shall, upon
Buyer\'s request, provide Buyer reasonable  supporting documentation of all
Seller charges (other than the fees for  services described in Section
2.01(a)) for providing services completed  and products sold to Buyer.  
(b) During the period that Seller provides Accounts  Payable, Accounting and
Financial Reporting transition services  ("Accounting Transition Services")
for any NTB Store, Seller shall with  respect to all the NTB Stores for which
Seller then provides Accounting  Transition Services as a whole:   (i)
Perform substantially the same control  procedures on the financial
transactions and account balances  as were performed immediately prior to the
Closing.   (ii) Exercise substantially the same level of  care in
performing the control procedures on the financial  transactions and account
balances as was exercised immediately  prior to the Closing.   5   
(iii) Promptly notify Buyer of any significant  change in the control
procedures on the financial transactions  and account balances, or of any
deficiency thereof as to which  Seller\'s manager of the Accounting
Transition Services becomes  aware.   (iv) Provide substantially the same
level of  service and support to the NTB Stores as was provided  immediately
prior to the Closing including, without  limitation, responding to Buyer\'s
inquiries related to point  of sale, financial and analysis.   (v) Provide
access to Buyer, its consultants,  and/or Buyer\'s outside accounting firm to
the underlying  records, analyses, account reconciliation and systems data 
related to the Accounting Transition Services, including,  without
limitation, the placement of one individual at the  Seller\'s Dallas
Processing facility.   3.05 Mutual Cooperation. Seller and Buyer shall
cooperate with each other in connection with the performance of any
Transition Service provided under this Agreement, including, without
limitation, developing reasonable procedures necessary with respect to
information sharing, transfer of data and similar matters. Buyer shall
provide Seller with current information concerning its transition plans on a
regular basis and Seller shall provide Buyer with such information as is
reasonably necessary to assist Buyer with such transition. Buyer shall comply
with Seller\'s security and confidentiality policies and procedures and shall
cooperate with Seller in investigating any security or confidentiality breach
or alleged security or confidentiality breach related to the Transition
Services or Other Services.   3.06 Confidentiality. The provisions of
Section 5.12(b) of the Stock Purchase Agreement are hereby incorporated by
reference.   ARTICLE IV  DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES   4.01 Defaults. A party
shall be deemed to be in default ("Default") under this Agreement upon the
occurrence of any one or more of the following events with respect to it:  
(a) Failure by such party to make any payment when due  under this Agreement
if such failure continues for fifteen (15) days  after receipt of written
notice thereof from the other party; or   (b) Failure to perform or observe
any obligation or  condition of this Agreement to be performed or observed by
such party  if such failure continues for twenty (20) business days (or such
longer  period of time as is reasonably necessary to allow such party to so 
perform or observe such obligation) after receipt of written notice  thereof
is given by the other party; or   (c) The making of any general assignment
or arrangement  for the benefit of creditors, the filing of a voluntary or
involuntary  petition in bankruptcy by or against such party under any
bankruptcy or  insolvency law or similar proceeding (unless, in the  
6    case of an involuntary filing against such party, the petition is 
dismissed within 60 days), the appointment of a trustee or receiver or  the
commencement of a similar proceeding to take possession of, or the 
attachment or other judicial seizure of, substantially all of such  party\'s
assets, or the taking by such party of any action in  furtherance of the
foregoing.   4.02 Remedies. Following the occurrence of a Default by one
party, the other party may, at such party\'s option, terminate or suspend its
obligations under this Agreement. Such right of termination or suspension
shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies available at law or
equity, all of which shall be cumulative.   4.03 Effect of Termination.
Upon total or partial termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or
otherwise, the following terms shall apply:   (a) Except as set forth in
this Section 4.03, the rights  and obligations of each party under this
Agreement shall terminate;   (b) The rights and obligations of the parties
under  Article V (Indemnification) shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding  such
termination;   (c) If any party shall have breached any provision of  this
Agreement, whether such breach occurred before or after the  termination of
this Agreement, such party shall remain after such  termination fully liable
(subject to the limitations set forth in this  Agreement) for all losses,
liabilities and other expenses suffered or  incurred by the other parties as
a result of such breach;   (d) All amounts due and owing by either party
hereunder  prior to termination of this Agreement shall be paid promptly;  
(e) Upon total termination, all licenses granted by  Seller under this
Agreement will terminate immediately, and Buyer will  not have the right to
use any software licensed hereunder with any new  information systems or
services; and   (f) Upon total termination, Buyer will within thirty (30) 
days after termination, cease using and destroy, or at Seller\'s option  and
cost, return to Seller, all copies of such software and related 
documentation provided under this Agreement.  The total or partial
termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or otherwise shall not
affect the rights of the parties under the Stock Purchase Agreement except as
set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement.   ARTICLE V  INDEMNIFICATION  
5.01 Indemnification. This Agreement is for the sole and exclusive benefit of
the parties, and it shall not be deemed to be for the direct or indirect
benefit of either party\'s customers or any other persons. Each party shall
indemnify and hold harmless the other party and the other party\'s officers,
directors, employees and agents against and from any liability,  
7   loss, damage, cost and expense (including reasonable attorneys\' fees
and costs of litigation) arising out of or resulting from bodily injury or
damage to tangible personal property caused by the willful misconduct or
gross negligence of such party in performing its obligations under this
Agreement. The indemnification provided for in this Section 5.01 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement and the termination of any
Transition Service provided pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, the employees, officers and directors of,
and the consultants retained by, each party to this Agreement shall not have
any liability to the other party, or to any Affiliate of the other party,
under this Agreement or in connection with the services to be provided under
this Agreement.   5.02 Notification; Control. Procedures for indemnification
shall be those set forth in Article IX of the Stock Purchase Agreement.  
ARTICLE VI  GENERAL PROVISIONS   6.01 Contact Person. Each of Seller and
Buyer shall designate one or more contact person(s) for all matters relating
to this Agreement. Seller\'s point-of-contact person will initially be Jim
Bresingham and Buyer\'s point-of-contact person will initially be Thomas W.
Garvey. Changes in either party\'s point-of-contact person(s) shall be
communicated to the other party not less than 10 days prior to the effective
date of such change. Seller and Buyer shall cause the contact person at each
of Seller and Buyer, as the case may be, to dedicate the necessary time and
effort to resolving any issues arising out of the delivery of services under
this Agreement.   6.02 Waiver of Compliance. Any failure of a party to
comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition in this
Agreement may be waived in writing by the other party to this Agreement, but
such waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation,
covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or
estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure.   6.03 Title to
Data. Buyer acknowledges that it will acquire no right, title or interest
(including any license rights or rights of use) in any firmware or software
that is owned or licensed by Seller by reason of the Transition Services
provided to Buyer under this Agreement. Except with respect to the Business
Records, each party agrees that all records, data, files, input, materials
and other information received or computed in connection with the provision
of services to such party under this Agreement are property of the other
party.   6.04 Amendment and Assignment. This Agreement may not be amended
except by an amendment signed by each party to this Agreement. Buyer\'s
rights and obligations under this Agreement may not be assigned (by operation
of law or otherwise) without Seller\'s express written consent, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer may assign
its rights and obligations under this Agreement to the Company or any
other Affiliate of Buyer. No such assignment shall, however, relieve Buyer
of responsibility for the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement.   6.05 Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, each party shall give the other party no less than 10 Business
Days\' prior written notice with respect to   8   matters that require
such party\'s prior consultation and approval, and neither party shall
unreasonably delay required responses. Any notices or other communications
required or permitted under, or otherwise in connection with, this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered in person or upon confirmation of receipt when transmitted
by facsimile transmission or on receipt after dispatch by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:   If to Seller:
Sears, Roebuck and Co.  3333 Beverly Road  Hoffman Estates, Illinois 60179 
Attention: General Counsel  Facsimile: (847) 286-2471   with a copy to:  
Mayer, Brown, Rowe and Maw LLP  190 South LaSalle Street  Chicago, Illinois
60603-3441  Attention: John R. Schmidt  Facsimile: (312) 701-7711   If to
Buyer: TBC Corporation  4770 Hickory Hill Road  Memphis, Tennessee 38141 
Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer  Facsimile No.: (901)
541-3639   with a copy to:   Thompson Hine LLP  2000 Courthouse Plaza
NE  Dayton, Ohio 45402  Attention: Sharen Swartz Neuhardt  Facsimile No.:
(937) 443-6635  or such other address as the person to whom notice is to be
given has furnished in writing to the other parties. A notice of change in
address shall not be deemed to have been given until received by the
addressee. The sending party shall have the burden of proving receipt.  
6.06 Interpretation. The descriptive headings of the Articles and Sections of
this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part
of this Agreement. Terms defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement and used in
this Agreement, but not defined in this Agreement, have the meanings given
such terms in the Stock Purchase Agreement. In the event of any conflict or
inconsistency between the body of this Agreement and any Exhibit to this
Agreement, the body of this Agreement shall take precedence to the extent of
such conflict or inconsistency.   9    6.07 No Third Party Rights. Except
as provided in Section 5.01, this Agreement is intended to be solely for the
benefit of the parties to this Agreement (or their permitted assignees) and
is not intended to confer any benefits upon, or create any rights in favor
of, any person other than the parties to this Agreement (or their permitted
assignees).   6.08 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute a single instrument.   6.09 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the other
provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and there shall
be deemed substituted for the provision at issue a valid, legal
and enforceable provision as similar as possible to the provision at
issue.   6.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the
entire understanding and agreement between the parties as to the matters
covered in this Agreement and supersedes and replaces any prior
understanding, agreement or statement of intent, in each case, written or
oral, of any and every nature with respect to such understanding, agreement
or statement other than the Stock Purchase Agreement and any other agreements
executed in connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement.   6.11 Force
Majeure. Neither party shall be responsible to the other for any delay in or
failure of performance of its obligations under this Agreement to the extent
such delay or failure is attributable to any cause beyond its reasonable
control, including, without limitation, any act of God, fire, terrorism,
epidemic, accident, strike or other labor difficulties, war, embargo or other
governmental act, or riot. In the event that Seller\'s ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement is affected by any such cause, Seller shall
be obligated to allocate its resources between the Sears Auto Center stores
(the "SAC Stores") and the NTB Stores in a manner which treats the NTB Stores
no worse than if they were SAC Stores.   6.12 Fair Construction. This
Agreement shall be deemed to be the joint work product of the parties to this
Agreement without regard to the identity of the draftsperson, and any rule of
construction that a document shall be interpreted or construed against the
drafting party shall not be applicable.   6.13 No Agency. Except to the
extent otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing in this
Agreement creates a relationship of agency, partnership or employer/employee
between Seller and Buyer, and it is the intent and desire of the parties that
the relationship be, and be construed as, that of independent contracting
parties and not as agents, partners, joint venturers or a relationship of
employer/employee.   6.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury
Trial.   (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN  ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO  THE LAWS THAT
MIGHT BE APPLICABLE UNDER CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES.   10    (b) Each
of the parties to this Agreement irrevocably and  unconditionally submits,
for itself and its property, to the exclusive  jurisdiction of any New York
state court or Federal court of the United  States of America, in either case
sitting in the Borough of Manhattan,  New York, New York, and any appellate
court to any thereof, in any  action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or  the transactions contemplated hereby or for recognition
or enforcement  of any judgment relating thereto, and each of the parties
irrevocably  and unconditionally (i) agrees not to commence any such action
or  proceeding except in such courts, (ii) agrees that any claim in respect 
of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such  New
York state court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such  Federal court,
(iii) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and  effectively do so,
any objection that it may now or hereafter have to  the laying of venue of
any such action or proceeding in any such New  York state or Federal court,
and (iv) waives, to the fullest extent  permitted by law, the defense of an
inconvenient forum to the  maintenance of such action or proceeding in any
such New York state or  Federal court. Each of the parties to this Agreement
agrees that a  final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be
conclusive and  may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the
judgment or in  any other manner provided by law. Each party to this
Agreement  irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided
for  notices in Section 6.05. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect the 
right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other  manner
permitted by law.   (c) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY 
CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE 
COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, IT IRREVOCABLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN  RESPECT
OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR  RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.  EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT  OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER
PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,  THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO  ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS,
(ii) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED  THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS,
(iii) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS  VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT  BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS  SECTION 6.14(c).   * * * * * * * * * * *  
11    Each of the parties to this Agreement has caused this Agreement to
be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer, all as of the day
and year first above written.   SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.   By:/s/W. ANTHONY
WILL  -------------------------------------------  Name: W. Anthony Will 
Title: Vice President Business  Development   TBC CORPORATION  
By:/s/THOMAS W. GARVEY  -------------------------------------------  Name:
Thomas W. Garvey  Title: Executive Vice President and  Chief Financial
Officer   S-1     EXHIBIT A(1)   INFORMATION SYSTEMS  1. DESCRIPTION
OF SERVICES   a. SYSTEMS INFORMATION (INPUTS).(2)   - Daily feeds
providing Product Information, UPC codes and  key attributes driving point of
sale (TPOS) system  functionality (CORE).   - Pricing Lookup Files, and
Quantity on Hand in each NTB  Store, and On Order information updated daily,
driven  through Price Management (PMI).   - Buyer will have the ability to
adjust FEN/VEN levels for  NTB Stores in accordance with past practice,
subject to  1(d) of the Supply Chain section of this Exhibit A as  regards
the corresponding supply ramifications of  FEN/VEN adjustments.   - Item
information / pricing submitted by Buyer, manually  entered into RIM and CORE
by Seller within four business  days after receipt from Buyer.   - Seller
will correct Seller\'s manual entry pricing errors  within one business day
after Buyer informs Seller of  the error.   - Seller will correct Seller\'s
manual entry errors other  than pricing errors within three business days
after  Buyer informs Seller of the error.   - Buyer will not change
commissions for any products or  equipment offered at NTB stores as of the
Closing Date.   - Retail Inventory Management (RIM) system providing daily 
inventory information, On-hand Counts.  ------------------- (1) All
services in this Exhibit A shall be subject to the Seller\'s
information technology freeze policy that restricts changes and upgrades to
Seller\'s systems around the end-of-year high season.  Seller shall not be
required to provide any data or data feeds with respect to non-NTB Store
customer relationships or with respect to customer transactions other than at
NTB Stores.  (2) Buyer will be responsible for providing the following in a
timely manner:   - Item information required for POS including
warranties   - Pricing information at an item/store level   - Commercial
customer information needed for lookup   - New product commission levels
(for Buyer-only products)   - Maintaining accuracy of inventory
accounts  Then-current Seller record layouts will be used for all exchange
of information between Seller and Buyer.   A-1     - Product Flags,
warranty information, State and Local  Accounts, Tax Tables and Store Level
Configuration  Information, distributed from the Command Central 
Server.   - Automotive Catalog Parts and Service Labor item  information
tied to AAIA vehicle tables updated to  stores approximately once each month.
(MacDonald /  Wrenchhead, Inc.).   - Systems code updates (In-House,
Distributed through  IBM).   - Periodic Systems Maintenance Package(s) (In-
House,  Distributed through IBM).   - At Seller\'s discretion and at no
additional charge to  Buyer, Buyer must utilize then current release of any 
software.   b. BUYER ACCESS TO SYSTEMS SUPPORT (REAL TIME).   - Commercial
Customer Files accessible real time,  supporting TPOS processing. (Commercial
NAD).   - National NAD (Name Address Directory) lookup accessible  for all
retail customers, if not available (new  customer) is produced and held
locally, captured at high  level and processed to provide national view.  
- Credit authorization requests processed through Sears  Automotive
Commercial Credit and 3rd Party Credit (MC,  Visa, Discover, AMEX, including
NTB Preferred Credit  through Citigroup).   - Seller will use commercially
reasonable efforts to  install a test-version of the TPOS System in
Buyer\'s  headquarters within four weeks after the Closing Date.  Buyer will
be responsible for all hardware costs  (including maintenance costs) for such
system.   - Seller will provide to Buyer access (at least equivalent  to
the level of access provided by Seller to the  Business prior to the Closing
Date) to an IT project  manager (currently, Perry Pitzele) and a CORE 
administrator.   - Temporary shopping passes available when new NTB 
Preferred Credit is activated.   - Check authorizations and/or requests
processed.  (Certegy).   c. IN-STORE POS SYSTEMS SUPPORT (LOCAL).   - POS
selling features supporting core business groups   - Tires and Wheels   -
Batteries   - Steering / suspension / shocks / struts   - Brakes   -
Over the Counter   - Labor / Related Services   - Reporting   -
Inventory   - Sales   A-2     - People   - Labor Scheduler
Application   - Customer Service   - Jobs in Progress / Completed Jobs
Summary   d. IN-STORE BUSINESS INTRANET SYSTEMS SUPPORT (WEB).   - News -
as provided by Buyer   - Reference Articles - as provided by Buyer   -
Action Plans   - Performance Reporting   - Applications   - Manpower
Planner (Hours Guidelines by week / day  and by function)   - HR PRO
Transaction Processing Center for Managers   - Store Visits by DM (Recap,
Action Planning)   - Training Tracker   - Timecard (non-management)
Performance Reviews   - Invalids Reentry   - UPS link for outbound
shipments and tracking   - POWS system for preparing purchase orders for 
ordering supplies   - Seller will continue to provide both WAN and LAN  and
all existing communications at no charge to  Buyer (other than as set forth
in Section 2 below).   - Seller will continue to support services for IT 
Business Support Services as Seller provided such  support services prior to
the Closing Date.   e. E-MAIL SUPPORT (WEB).   - Seller will continue to
provide current e-mail system.   f. SYSTEMS INFORMATION (OUTPUTS).   -
Sales transactions produced and transmitted nightly  containing customer,
vehicle and product/service sales  information.   - Transactions passed to
SPRS (sales performance reporting  systems), credit, inventory, general
ledger, intranet and  CRM   - Time and Attendance Hours and Pay Code
entries produced  weekly and transmitted to PeopleSoft HR processing.   -
Service Incentive files produced weekly and transmitted  to PeopleSoft HR
processing.   - Customer information passed to NAD to support national 
access.   A-3     g. EXTRACTS.   - Provide daily un-reconciled SPRS
sales and miscellaneous  income sales feeds. Buyer will receive the fields
as  shown in the Definition of System Functions (250) (dated  November 20,
2003).   - Provide historical SPRS sales and miscellaneous income  sales
data showing unit and sales data by day going back  to January 1, 2002.   -
Margin data will be provided in SPRS feeds after the  Closing and will cover
only periods after the Closing  Date.   - Quantity on Hand, On Order,
Stockplan (FEN/VEN/reorder  point information) provided by store by item on a
daily  basis after nightly sales update for that day.   - For customer
marketing purposes the historical sales  transactions identified to a
customer will be provided by  Seller\'s Customer Interaction Warehouse (LCI)
within five  days after the Closing Date.   - Item information will be
provided in a one-time extract  prior to the Closing Date and changes to
items will be  sent on a daily basis after the Closing Date.   - Vendor /
trading partner information will be provided in  a one-time extract within
five days after the Closing  Date.  2. FEES TO SELLER   - Based upon an
annual fee of $4,100,000 (this includes  reimbursement to Seller for the cost
of leased lines and pro rata  portion of license maintenance fees).   -
Buyer must maintain its hardware systems at its own expense  (maintenance,
replacements, etc.) except for maintenance covered  as of the Closing Date by
Seller\'s corporate contracts.   - Buyer will return to Seller the first 35
M10 servers that Buyer  ceases to use for TPOS after NTB Store conversions.
Transportation  for these items will be arranged and paid for by
Seller.  3. MIGRATION TO BUYER SYSTEM   - Buyer will appoint a designated
support coordinator who will  assist in coordinating services/support for
Seller.   - Seller will provide a designated support coordinator who will 
assist in coordinating service/support to the Buyer on a daily  basis during
the migration process including coordinating with and  having reasonable
access to resources in other functional areas at  Seller.   - Buyer will
pay Seller $150 per hour for migration-related work and  Buyer-requested
changes performed by Seller\'s employees.   A non-exclusive list of point-
of-sale migration-related work to  which this bullet applies may include:  
A-4     - Manage the technical development and execution of  the extract
process.   - Create and test programs to perform TPOS extracts  to assist
Buyer in converting to their point of  sale system.   - Create and test
programs to perform daily extracts,  including the running of the special
extract  programs.   - Balancing and other special transition requests, 
including investigation for answers to Buyer\'s  questions.   Seller shall
advise Buyer in advance as to whether Seller  believes any work to be done by
Seller is migration-related  work or Buyer-requested changes billable under
this bullet.   No work performed by Seller prior to the Closing Date shall
be  billable under this bullet.   - Buyer will provide a schedule of NTB
Store conversions to Seller  on or before the Closing Date.   - Seller
shall reasonably cooperate with Buyer in accommodating  Buyer\'s changes to
Buyer\'s store conversion schedule. Buyer  acknowledges that changes that do
not meet Seller\'s and Seller\'s  third-party lead times for such changes may
result in additional  costs or require adjustments to service levels.
Promptly after  receipt from Buyer of a requested change to Buyer\'s
conversion  schedule, Seller shall notify Buyer if and to the extent the 
requested change may result in additional costs or require service  level
adjustments. If Buyer nonetheless requires the change, Buyer  shall reimburse
Seller for Seller\'s additional costs incurred or  accept the service level
adjustment, as applicable.   - On the morning of the day of conversion of
each NTB Store, Seller  shall provide adjustments to Quantity on Hand for
such NTB Store  current through the close of business of the previous day
in  accordance with Seller\'s batch processing schedule.   - Seller shall
provide Buyer data relating to customer sales /  vehicle information as soon
as reasonably possible provided Buyer  provides Seller access to the systems
on which such data resides.   - Buyer and Seller will work together
diligently to address how best  to obtain NTB Store inventory data and data
relating to customer  sales and vehicle information from Seller\'s systems
and provide  such data to Buyer for Buyer\'s NTB Store conversions.  
A-5     HUMAN RESOURCES  1. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES   a. PEOPLESOFT
(PAYROLL AND OTHER HUMAN RESOURCE) APPLICATIONS  SUPPORT.   - Business
application support for the current version,  installation and configuration
of the PeopleSoft  (payroll and other human resource applications).   -
Technical systems support for the current versions of  hardware, operating
system software, including data  bases, report generators, networking and all
mainframe  infrastructure components associated with the PeopleSoft 
(payroll and other human resource applications) systems.   - Receipt,
storage and (through PeopleSoft (payroll and  other human resource
applications)) organization of HR  and payroll data transmitted to the
computing  environment.   - Direct access to all PeopleSoft (payroll and
other human  resource applications) and HR Pro computing  environment(s) for
NTB through existing network  capability including at least 5 user seats
providing  employee data look up and maintenance capability  (consistent
with current capabilities).   - Access to report generation capabilities
utilizing  existing standard HR reports (consistent with current 
capabilities).   b. PAYROLL.(3)   - Process regular payroll and bonus
payments to Company  employees.   - Perform all U.S. payroll and employee
withholding tax  remittances to local, state, and federal agencies and 
filing of all corresponding tax returns with respect to  employee withholding
and payroll taxes.   - Maintain direct deposits, pay card, and take any 
voluntary deductions that are elected by the Company  employees after the
Closing Date for programs offered by  the Buyer through the Company (such as
for tools and  United Way) that are not benefit related for Company 
employees.  ------------------------- (3) Buyer will be responsible for
timely providing the following on an ongoing basis:   - Ensure that all HR
and benefits data is entered into the appropriate  HR System (e.g.
PeopleSoft) in accordance with the current existing  schedule;   - Ensure
integrity and timeliness of time data submitted to Payroll;   - Submit time
and attendance data via TPOS or other file transfer  protocol or approved
hardcopy timesheet form;   - Maintain employee names, addresses and social
security/national ID  numbers on HR system;   - Request "on demand" checks
only when needed; and   - Provide necessary data for inclusion on W-2s by
dates determined by  Seller.   A-6     - Issue termination payments,
consistent with current  practices and in accordance with established federal
and  state regulations via "on demand" checks for Company  employees.   -
Provide reporting to governmental and/or other  regulatory agencies as
currently being performed with  respect to Company employees, excluding 5500
filings.   - Process stop payment orders and Automatic Clearing House 
reversals with appropriate bank confirmation and check  reissue, where
applicable, for Company employees.   - Process garnishments, deductions and
remittances to  third parties with respect to Company employees.   - Handle
payroll tax inquiries from Company employees and  taxing agencies. ADP
handles inquiries from taxing  agencies.   - Process payroll tax filings
via 3rd party vendor - ADP.   - Process unemployment claims via 3rd party
vendor - UC  Express.   - Handle employment verification via third party
vendor -  TALX.   - Handle employee inquiries for payroll and HR related 
questions, excluding benefits questions.   - Maintain reverse positive pay
for checking account and  reconcile the ACH accounts.   - Manage
governmental audits of employee personnel data.   - Seller will be
responsible for maintaining and  adequately funding payroll bank accounts
from which  payroll and tax expenses will be drawn, it being  understood
that on the date such payroll and tax  expenses are incurred, Buyer shall
reimburse Seller for  all such expenses, provided that Seller shall have 
provided Buyer with at least 48 hours notice of the  amount of such expenses
together with any required  wiring instructions.   - As to any NTB Store
which is transferred from TPOS to  Buyer\'s systems on a date other than at
the end of a pay  period, Seller will provide Buyer with Seller\'s 
"benefit/vacation rate" for hourly associates at such  NTB Store, current as
of the Saturday preceding the date  of the transfer of such NTB Store to
Buyer\'s systems,  for the purpose of putting that rate into effect for any 
hourly associate who would be adversely affected by the  loss of the ability
to calculate variable pay for such  pay period. Seller will also work with
Buyer to  establish any other procedures that may be necessary to  capture
accurate payroll information for such pay period  for employees at such NTB
Stores.   c. OTHER TERMS.   - Buyer will use Company\'s FEIN.   -
Seller, on behalf of Company, shall provide each of the  Business Employees
who are transferred to the Company  with two calendar year 2003 Form W-2,
Wage and Tax  Statements setting forth the wages paid and Taxes  withheld
with respect to the Business Employees for such  year by Seller and the
Company as predecessor and  successor employers, respectively, postmarked on
or  before January 31, 2004. Seller agrees to use its best  efforts to file
all   A-7     returns in the manner provided by Revenue Procedure 
96-60 Section 4, 1996-2 C.B. 399. Seller agrees  (pursuant to Section 3504 of
the Code and Revenue  Procedure 70-6, 1970-1 C.B. 420) to act as agent on 
behalf of the Company (on such terms and conditions as  the parties mutually
agree) with respect to its  obligation to file calendar year 2003 Forms W-2
and to  file all necessary tax forms and make all necessary  payments with
respect to all payroll payable for the  remaining period in calendar year
2003 and for any  additional period set forth in this Agreement. At least 
10 days in advance of the due date for any payments  described herein, Buyer
shall pay such amount to Seller.   - For the sake of clarity, for all
purposes of this  Agreement, including without limitation, those of the 
preceding bullet point, Seller will not be required to  advance or pay from
its own funds (i.e., funds not  advanced to it by Buyer) any taxes of Buyer,
including  any employment or payroll taxes.   - Buyer will solicit, and
Seller will process, new W-4\'s  and I-9\'s for each Business Employee.   -
Seller shall provide the Company with all necessary wage  history and
documentation required to execute all  necessary filings with the appropriate
state agencies  that allow a transfer to the Company of all state 
unemployment tax and worker\'s compensation experience  and associated
reserves attributable to the Business and  Business Employees, as a
predecessor employer, provided  Buyer shall reimburse and hold Seller
harmless for costs  payable to or charges assessed against Seller\'s
account  with the State of Georgia relating to any Business  Employee
terminated on or after the Closing Date in an  amount up to and including the
amount of reserve so  transferred in that state. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if Seller determines in its sole discretion  that compliance with
this paragraph would create an  unacceptable detriment of any kind to Seller
for which  Seller would not be indemnified by Buyer, then Seller  may treat
this paragraph as inapplicable.   - Buyer shall engage
PricewaterhouseCoopers to make  appropriate filings for any State or
jurisdiction  associated with the transfer to Company of any  unemployment
or worker\'s compensation experience ratings  and associated reserves, and
Seller shall not be  responsible for any filing fees related thereto.   -
Seller shall provide Buyer with personnel, payroll  history data and
documentation (electronic and paper  based) maintained by Seller in order to
facilitate the  migration of payroll processing to the Buyer\'s payroll 
system.   - Seller will assist Buyer in the development of the  PeopleSoft
to ABRA data interface by providing  Seller-specific PeopleSoft expertise.
Buyer will be  responsible for designing, coding and implementing the  ABRA
data interface.   - Seller will provide Buyer all payroll and HR data 
currently maintained in Seller\'s PeopleSoft system and  related tables.
Seller will provide an explanation to  Buyer regarding how Seller uses each
field. Frequency  and degree of data detail to be determined as 
requirements are finalized.   - Seller will provide reasonable levels of
access to  functional experts to serve as liaison with Buyer in the  HR,
Payroll and risk management areas in order  facilitate the smooth transition
of these functions  through the applicable Expiration Dates.   A-8    
- If and during such period it is necessary for Seller to  maintain medical
and dental coverage for Business  Employees through Seller\'s plans after the
Closing Date,  Seller will provide a report of premium due from Buyer  and
will remit premiums to carriers through Seller\'s  benefits administrator,
Hewitt Associates LLC. Buyer  will assume cost of related administrative
expenses, if  any.   - Seller will administer tuition reimbursement through
ADP  for claims in process prior to the Closing Date. Buyer  will assume the
cost of tuition reimbursements paid  after the Closing Date.   - Promptly
after the Closing, Seller will provide Buyer a  copy of the reduction in
force calculation formulas and  methodology that Seller used to do its 2002
end-of-year  reductions in force at the NTB Stores, and Seller will  be
available to answer questions that Buyer may have  regarding Seller\'s 2002
end-of-year reduction-in-force  formulas and/or methodology.  2. FEES TO
SELLER   - Based upon an annual fee of $500,000.  3. MIGRATION
SERVICES   Seller shall provide additional data as reasonably requested by
Buyer  to accommodate Buyer\'s benefit provider needs (401k, Life,
Disability,  FSA etc.) at a rate of $150 per hour for associated hours of
work  incurred.   - A non-exclusive list of HR-related migration activities
to  which this bullet applies may include:   - Assist in the technical
development and execution of the  human-resources migration process   - Map
data from Seller\'s PeopleSoft to the Buyer to ensure  all datastreams to be
migrated are identified and  accounted for   - Create and test programs to
perform the actual  migration, including automatic termination and re-
hiring  of associates, changes in benefits, changes in store  status, and
transmittal of all historical data to Buyer   - Configure payroll for
Company and test the payroll  process   - Develop necessary interfaces
between NTB Store and Buyer  systems so that ongoing information is
properly  transmitted/shared during the migration period   The estimated
charge for the foregoing HR-related  migration activities (i.e., the
foregoing five subbullets)  is currently $165,000.   Seller shall advise
Buyer in advance as to whether Seller  believes any work to be done by Seller
is migration-related  work or Buyer-requested changes billable under this
bullet.   A-9     No work performed by Seller prior to the Closing Date
shall be  billable under this bullet.  4. EMPLOYMENT POLICIES   - Buyer
agrees to adopt Seller\'s new employment policies as they are  implemented.
If Buyer fails to do so, Seller may suspend any or  all affected Transition
Services described in this Human Resources  Section as of the date on which
Buyer\'s and Seller\'s employment  policies diverge.   A-10    
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL REPORTING  1. DESCRIPTION OF
SERVICES   a. DISBURSEMENTS.   - Process accounts payable.   - Match
merchandise receipt to invoice consistent with  current Seller practices.  
- Approve invoices per current Seller approval principles.   - Pay
vendors.   - Correspond with vendors.   - Maintain accounts payable within
3 business days after  applicable CORE vendor tables are updated.   -
Retain records.   - Process other disbursements.   - Pay approved
disbursements.   - Process travel and entertainment.   - Prepare
1099s.   - Add restrictions on use of purchasing cards used at NTB  Stores
per Seller\'s instructions.   - Buyer will be responsible for obtaining
purchasing cards  in Buyer\'s name as of the conversion cut-over date for 
the applicable NTB Store; Seller will discontinue the  current purchasing
card in Seller\'s name as of that  conversion cut-over date.   - Buyer will
be responsible for purchasing and maintenance  of equipment, excluding
supplies for distribution to  customers governed by the Buying section of
this Exhibit  A.   - On each Tuesday prior to the Expiration Date (and on
the  Tuesday following the Expiration Date), Seller shall  issue a statement
to Buyer setting forth the difference  between the NTB Stores\' aggregate net
daily sales  collected by Seller during the week ending on the  previous
Saturday minus the NTB Stores\' aggregate  merchandise purchased by Seller
during such previous  week (such difference, the "Weekly Settlement
Amount").  Within 48 hours after Buyer\'s receipt of Seller\'s  statement,
Seller will pay to Buyer any positive Weekly  Settlement Amount, and Buyer
will pay to Seller the  amount, if any, by which the Weekly Settlement Amount
is  less than zero. Unless otherwise mutually agreed in  writing, all
amounts under this bullet will be payable  through electronic transfer of
immediately available  funds to a bank account designated by the recipient
from  time to time. Any portion of an amount due to a party  and not paid on
its respective due date shall bear  interest at the rate of 12% per annum
from the due date  until paid in full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an 
amount due to Seller is disputed by Buyer in good faith  and Seller receives
prompt written notice of such  dispute, late charges shall not begin to
accrue until  the dispute is settled.   A-11     - Any other amounts
payable by Buyer to Seller and not  covered by Section 2.01 of the Agreement
or by the  previous bullet (e.g., operating expenses and real  estate
expenses for the NTB Stores paid by Seller)  adjusted for any amounts then
discovered that were not  included in the applicable Weekly Settlement
Amounts due  to late recording or other omission shall be invoiced by 
Seller to Buyer within six (6) business days after the  end of each Seller\'s
fiscal month during which such  amounts are incurred or discovered. Buyer
will pay such  amounts within 48 hours after receipt of Seller\'s  invoice.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing,  all amounts payable under this
bullet will be payable by  Buyer through electronic transfer of immediately 
available funds to a bank account designated by Seller  from time to time.
Any portion of an amount due to  Seller not paid on its respective due date
shall bear  interest at the rate of 12% per annum from the due date  until
paid in full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if  the amount due to Seller is
disputed by Buyer in good  faith and Seller receives prompt written notice of
such  dispute, late charges shall not begin to accrue until  the dispute is
settled.   - Settlement under this Section 1(a) excludes Kansas City 
commercial credit account activity.   b. GENERAL LEDGER.   - Process
journal entries.   - Use reasonable efforts to maintain integrity of 
balances.   - Monthly reconciliation of balance sheet accounts where 
account data is provided according to Seller\'s formats  and processes.   -
Maintain general ledger and supporting records as  necessary.   - On
December 1, 2003, provide one-time feed of fixed  asset records for NTB
Stores by category, by month and  by year.   - Provide daily non-detailed
general ledger feed.   - General ledger monthly summary (accumulation of
daily  feeds above).   - Provide conversion methodology from 4-4-5
accounting  cycle to calendar month accounting cycle. Buyer will be 
responsible for validation and use of the methodology.   c. REPORTING.   -
On or before December 15, Seller shall provide a  summarized balance sheet as
of the Closing Date and  year-to-date summarized income statements for
Seller\'s  fiscal year 2003 through Seller\'s fiscal month ending on  the
Closing Date, consistent with the line items  included in the interim
Financial Statements (including  any applicable documentation), except that
the balance  sheet line items will include only applicable general  ledger
line items after Closing.   - On or before December 19, 2003, Seller will
provide to  Buyer individual store and support unit PandLs; for each  Seller
fiscal month for Seller fiscal years 2002   A-12     and 2003 (through
Seller\'s fiscal month ending on the  Closing Date) maintained in accordance
with Seller\'s  standard practices.   - On or before December 31, 2003,
Seller will provide to  Buyer a November 2003 year-to-date summarized cash
flow  statement (through Seller\'s fiscal month ending on the  Closing Date)
consistent with the summarized balance  sheet and summarized income statement
provided in the  first bullet of this Section 1(c).   - Seller will provide
to Buyer on Seller\'s standard batch  processing schedule daily trial balance
and daily  transaction files for NTB Stores for which Seller  provides Store
Based Transition Services.   - Entries received from the Buyer by the third
business  day after the end of the Seller\'s fiscal month will be  posted by
the Seller and be included in the summary  level trial balance the Seller
will provide to the Buyer  by the sixth business day after each Seller\'s
fiscal  month end; provided, however, for Seller\'s December 2003  fiscal
month, the Buyer will provide to the Seller the  summary trial balance on or
before January 15, 2004.  This summary trial balance will be part of the
daily  transmission the Buyer receives from the Seller. The  file format for
these entries will be provided to the  Buyer by the Seller.   - Maintain an
Essbase reporting database (ULDB) which  warehouses financial
information.   - Provide data extracts from the ULDB as reasonably 
requested by Buyer in accordance with past Seller  practices.   d. CASH
MANAGEMENT.   - Seller will continue to provide cash management services 
consistent with its current practices with respect to  the Business.   -
Buyer will be responsible for payment of armored car,  banking and other
services.   - Banking fees will be $71.96 per NTB Store per month plus  a
returned check cost of $2.24 per returned check.   e. REAL ESTATE.   -
Management of lease payments and real estate expenses  for leased real
estate.   - Buyer will be responsible for lease interpretation,  including
as it relates to lease payment and real estate  expenses.   - Buyer will be
responsible for post Closing activity,  including all real estate
correspondence.   f. OTHER TERMS.   - All Transition Services to be based
on Seller\'s fiscal  periods (currently 4-4-5).   - Seller does not and
will not provide tax, legal or  accounting advice.   A-13     -
Seller\'s single point of contact for accounts payable  related issues will
be Katherine Hon (or her  Seller-designated replacement or successor).   -
Seller\'s single point of contact for accounting related  issues will be
Nicky Roney (or her Seller-designated  replacement or successor).   -
Seller will provide a reasonable portion of the time (at  least equivalent to
the portion of time provided by  Seller to the Business prior to the Closing
Date) of a  senior level support person agreed to by both parties to 
support detailed account analysis, and audit exceptions.   - Buyer has the
right to visit the accounting facilities  from which the Services in this
Section are provided  (i.e., Dallas) to perform procedure audits, sampling
of  data and to review account reconciliations provided that  Buyer provides
reasonable advance written notice of such  audits, that such audits do not
interfere with Seller\'s  business operations and that Seller agrees in
writing to  be bound by Seller\'s security and confidentiality 
requirements. Buyer shall not have access to any  information of Seller\'s or
any third party\'s businesses.   - Buyer shall provide assistance at the
level previously  provided by NTB Stores, Commercial Account Managers and 
District Managers to support Seller\'s audit activity for  periods prior to
the Closing Date.   - Seller shall prepare and file or cause to be filed
sales  tax returns and shall remit or cause to be remitted  sales taxes
relating to the NTB Stores for all fiscal  periods ending on or before the
Closing Date. Sales tax  return reporting periods relating to the NTB Stores
for  periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date are  consistent with the
Seller\'s fiscal month. Buyer shall  provide necessary assistance as
reasonably requested by  Seller to enable Seller to file such sales tax
returns  in a timely manner, including causing such returns to be  duly
executed by an officer of the Company and returned  to Seller within 48 hours
of receipt by Buyer from  Seller. Seller will not file sales tax returns or
remit  sales taxes for NTB Stores for periods ending after the  Closing
Date, but will provide necessary information  reasonably requested by Buyer
in order for Buyer to do  so.   - Seller shall perform Transition Services
under this  Accounts Payable, Accounting and Financial Reporting  Section in
accordance with Section 3.04(b).   - Seller shall provide a certification in
the form set  forth below within thirty (30) days following each  fiscal
quarter of the Buyer with respect to Buyer\'s  immediately preceding fiscal
quarter during which Seller  provided Accounts Payable, Accounting and
Financial  Reporting transition services ("Accounting Transition  Services")
to the NTB Stores.   Seller shall certify that with respect to the
Accounting  Transition Services provided to the NTB Stores as a  whole
during such fiscal quarter:   1. Seller has performed substantially the same
control  procedures on the financial transactions and  account balances as
were performed immediately  prior to the Closing.   A-14     2. Seller
has exercised substantially the same level  of care in performing the control
procedures on the  financial transactions and account balances as was 
exercised immediately prior to the Closing.   3. Seller has promptly
notified Buyer of any  significant change in the control procedure on the 
financial transactions and account balances or of  any deficiency thereof as
to which Seller\'s manager  of the Accounting Transition Services becomes 
aware.  2. FEES TO SELLER   - Based upon an annual fee of $700,000.  
A-15     KANSAS CITY COMMERCIAL CREDIT  1. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES  
Initial Account Load   - NTB-only accounts will be set up in "VIP" status,
which will  allow all transactions to bypass the transaction  authorization
process. Buyer will be responsible for  monitoring accounts and providing
timely e-mail to Seller for  NTB-only accounts to be placed on credit
hold.   - NTB-only accounts will use current customer data including 
credit limit.   - Sales authorization for joint accounts will be based
upon  Seller-only data as contained in Seller\'s Infinium system.   Account
Maintenance   - Maintain commercial credit customer accounts receivable 
accounts on Infinium-based receivable accounts receivable  system   -
Seller will provide a daily feed of detail sales  transactions for direct
automated input by the  Buyer into the Buyer\'s JDE accounts receivable 
subsidiary records system.   - Buyer will issue monthly statements to NTB
Store  commercial credit customers. Seller will issue  statements to NTB
Store commercial credit customers  for open receivables accruing prior to the
Closing  Date.   - Provide customer and store assistance in accordance with
past  practices   - Buyer will advise Seller of new accounts for new
commercial  credit customers to be set up as follows:   - Via e-mail from
Buyer to Seller received prior to noon  Eastern time   - Buyer\'s e-mail
shall contain:   - Customer name   - Full address   - Phone number   -
Fax number   - Message box   - Class code   - Price code   - Tax
exemption status   - Required information, and   A-16     - Credit
limit ("$0" if cash-only customer)   - Seller shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to set up  new NTB accounts for Buyer in Seller\'s
Infinium and NAD  systems by the end of day if Buyer has provided the
foregoing  information prior to noon Eastern time.   - New NTB-only
accounts will be set up in "VIP" status, which  will allow all transactions
to bypass the transaction  authorization process. Buyer will be responsible
for  monitoring accounts and providing timely e-mail to Seller for  NTB-only
accounts to be placed on credit hold.   - Buyer will e-mail new accounts
list to its NTB Commercial  Account Managers ("CAMs").   - Buyer will
advise Seller of accounts requested to be placed  on credit hold or taken off
hold via:   - Credit limit increases and decreases e-mail sent out by  noon
Eastern time, and   - Regularly scheduled twice monthly e-mail  (E-mails
will be sent to Anita Fanska)   - Buyer will provide the following
information in its e-mail to  Seller requesting an account be placed on
hold:   - The account number for the account in Seller\'s system   -
Customer name, and   - Maintenance needed   - Credit Holds on joint
accounts are subject to Seller\'s  approval.   - Seller will turn off "VIP"
status in Seller\'s Infinium  systems for accounts that are put on credit
hold, pull the  account number in Seller\'s NAD system, and place a note 
indicating "Hold/Cash Required" in NAD.   - Buyer will handle all aspects of
store chargebacks, including  e-mails to stores, accounting entries, and
entry to Buyer\'s  accounts receivable subsidiary records.   - Seller will
provide invoice reprints to Buyer:   a. for National Accounts in accordance
with past  practices, and   b. for special requests as e-mailed in
subsection  (c) below   Request format will be an e-mail containing the 
following information:   (1) Customer name,   (2) Invoice date,   (3)
Invoice #, and   (4) Invoice amount,   c. Buyer will e-mail the reprint
request to  Seller by noon Eastern time for reprints and  Seller will use
commercially reasonable  efforts to overnight those requested to Buyer  that
business day.   Reciprocity of Payments   - Each of Seller and Buyer will
handle payments erroneously  received by such party that should have been
directed to the  other party in the following manner:   A-17     - The
party receiving erroneous payments will provide details  to the other party
on every Monday for the previous week via  e-mail with an attachment
containing the customer name,  account number, and overpayment amount,
followed by  overnighting of copies of the respective remittance advice 
detailing the overpayment.   - In addition the foregoing details will be
provided for the  partial week up to two business days before the 25th 
statement cut-off date.   - A check payment will be made to other party
weekly based upon  the overpayment total from the detailed schedule.  
Buyer Responsibilities   - Buyer will handle all accounting entries, except
for initial  posting of credit sale through the point of sale entry, which 
will post to the NTB General Ledger maintained by Seller along  with the
entire TPOS feed.   - Buyer will prepare monthly reconciliation of the
accounts  receivable subsidiary records to Buyer\'s general ledger 
balance.   - Buyer will instruct CAMs how to handle pricing and taxability 
of the customer issues.   - Buyer will provide to Seller a monthly (on a
Seller\'s 4-4-5  basis) file of payments received by Buyer and adjustments
made  by Buyer.   Provision of Account Information   Seller will, on the
Closing Date:   - Provide a list dating back to January 1, 2002 of the
following  information for all commercial credit customer accounts 
containing only NTB transactions:   (1) Name   (2) Address   (3)
City   (4) State   (5) Zip   (6) Current Account Balance   (7) Highest
Monthly Balance since 1/1/2002   (8) Current Credit Limit   (9) Last date
paid and amount   (10) If customer has been placed on hold   (11) Current
Receivable aging summary balance by customer   (12) Date of first sale  
(13) Old STG Commercial Credit Account number   (14) Account
requirements   (15) Account Type   (16) Tax status   (17) Class Code  
(18) Parts Price Code   A-18     (19) Labor Price Code   - Provide a
list dating back to January 1, 2002 of the following  information for all
commercial credit customer accounts  containing both SAC and NTB
transactions:   (1) Name   (2) Address   (3) City   (4) State   (5)
Zip   (6) N/A   (7) N/A   (8) Current Credit Limit   (9) Last date
paid and amount   (10) If customer has been placed on hold   (11) N/A  
(12) Date of first sale   (13) Old STG Commercial Credit Account number  
(14) Account requirements   (15) Account Type   (16) Tax status   (17)
Class Code   (18) Parts Price Code   (19) Labor Price Code   Buyer
Setup   - Buyer will provide at no charge any data entry required to set 
up new Accounts Receivable customers on Buyer\'s system.   - Buyer will set
up accounts in Buyer\'s accounts receivable  system based on information
provided by Seller, as soon as that  can be provided.   - Buyer will make
credit determinations for new NTB commercial  credit customers after the
Closing Date and will provide  necessary information for Seller to update its
systems used to  support those customers.   Customer Communications   -
Seller will advise NTB commercial credit customers of the  change in
ownership via mail.   - After the Closing Date, Buyer will advise NTB
commercial credit  customers of change in ownership via mail, which notice
shall  include Buyer\'s lockbox address for payments and request for a  new
credit application.   - After the Closing Date, Buyer will attempt to
contact larger  accounts by phone, balance of accounts to be contacted via 
statements and letters.  2. FEES TO SELLER   A-19     - Based upon an
annual fee of $500,000.   A-20     BUYING  1. DEFINITIONS   The
following terms when used in this "Buying" Section and in the  "Supply Chain"
Section below shall have the following meanings.   "Buyer Tires" means
Goodyear Fulda brand tires.   "Discontinued Products and Services" means
products, equipment and/or  services provided by American Racing, Lakin
General, Lakin East/West,  Hennesey, Hunter Engineering, Cintas, and
SPX/Northwest.   "Excluded Products" means products and/or equipment
provided by  Treadways Corporation (Sumitomo), Johnson Controls (including
all  related signing and promotional materials), Yuasa, ZhongNan Aluminum 
(PBL), Thule, American Manufacturing Group, Dayco, and Igloo Products.  
"NTB Exclusive Tires" means Superguard LE 40, American Classic AP, and 
General Ameri A/S tires.   "Seller Distributed Standard Products" means
Standard Products that as  of the Closing Date were stocked at or cross-
docked through the TDCs  and not shipped directly to NTB Stores from the
applicable vendors.   "Seller Tires" means tires that are Seller Distributed
Standard  Products, and expressly excludes Buyer Tires.   "SLS" means
Seller\'s wholly-owned subsidiary, Sears Logistics Services,  Inc.  
"Standard Products" means tire, under-car, and over-the-counter  products and
equipment, other than Discontinued Products and Services  and Excluded
Products, being offered or in inventory at NTB Stores as  of the Closing
Date.   "TDC" means a Seller tire distribution center.  2. DESCRIPTION OF
SERVICES   a. Administration of the acquisition, based on product
forecasts  to be provided by Buyer, of Buyer Tires and Standard Products. 
If Seller decides to discontinue offering any Standard Product  at SAC,
Seller shall provide at least 60 days prior notice of  such discontinuance to
Buyer, and Seller will no longer be  responsible to acquire such discontinued
Standard Product for  Buyer subsequent to the discontinuation date. In such
event,  Buyer will have the right to add a substitute product (on a  SKU for
SKU basis), which shall become a Standard Product  available to Buyer through
Seller\'s distribution system.   A-21     b. Seller shall sell Standard
Products and Buyer Tires to Buyer  under this Agreement at Seller\'s average
weighted cost for  such Standard Products or Buyer Tires. As used herein, 
"average weighted cost" means the average cost paid by Seller  for the
Standard Product or Buyer Tire, excluding any  distribution costs.   c.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 2(a) above, products  added after the
Closing Date by Seller to its distribution  system may be added to the
Standard Products covered by this  Section 2 at Seller\'s sole
discretion.   d. Per-store order volumes of Seller private label and co-
branded  SKUs on a per SKU basis will not exceed historical order  volumes
plus 10%.   e. Seller will not ship any Buyer Tires to anyone other than 
Buyer\'s authorized locations or other destination of Buyer.  Buyer must take
receipt of all Buyer Tires ordered into  Seller\'s TDCs. Seller will also
advise Buyer weekly as to the  number of Buyer Tires in inventory in the
TDCs.   f. Products governed by the Transition Services provided by  Seller
to Buyer under this Section 2 are provided solely for  the purpose of
transition of NTB Stores.   g. Seller will not provide buying or other
assistance with  Discontinued Products and Services. However, Discontinued 
Products and Services may be included in the inventory  transferred to Buyer
on the Closing Date, and Buyer may stock  Discontinued Products and Services
in NTB Stores after the  Closing Date.   h. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the Stock Purchase  Agreement, the Contribution and Assumption
Agreement, or any  other agreement between the parties, the Excluded
Products  shall not be included in the inventory transferred to Buyer on 
the Closing Date and shall not be included on the Closing  Balance Sheet.
Seller shall retain ownership of all Excluded  Products after the Closing
Date. Buyer shall not advertise,  sell, or offer to sell any Excluded
Products that were located  at NTB Stores on the Closing Date and shall,
promptly after  the Closing, prepare such Excluded Products for pick up by 
Seller (up to and including loading such product onto Seller\'s  trucks).
Seller shall pay Buyer a one-time fee of $90,000 for  all NTB Stores for
pickup preparation work to cover Buyer\'s  out-of-pocket expense therefor,
subject to written  confirmation of Buyer\'s payment of such amount.   i.
Seller will produce itineraries as needed to support efficient  and timely
pick-up of all Excluded Products (other than  Johnson Controls and Yuasa
products) from Buyer\'s stores.  These itineraries and schedules will be
provided to Buyer no  later than the Closing Date, with no pick-up scheduled
prior  to December 4, 2003. Provided Buyer complies with Seller\'s  such
itineraries and schedules, within fifteen (15) days  following the Closing
Date, Seller shall, at Seller\'s expense,  pick up all Excluded Products
(other than Johnson Controls and  Yuasa products) located at NTB Stores on
the Closing Date.   j. With respect to Johnson Controls and Yuasa
products:   A-22     (1) Buyer will have all NTB Stores prepared for
Seller\'s  pick up of Johnson Controls and Yuasa products by  December 8,
2003.   (2) Seller will provide Buyer by December 5, 2003, a  detailed
written schedule of pick up dates by NTB  Store.   (3) Buyer will identify
seventeen (17) NTB Stores in its  schedule described in Section 2(j)(2) above
as  priority NTB Stores.   (4) Beginning on December 8, 2003, Seller\'s
carriers will  begin to pick up Johnson Controls and Yuasa products  from
NTB Stores. Seller will pick up Johnson Controls  and Yuasa products on
December 8, 2003 at the  seventeen (17) NTB Stores identified as priority
NTB  Stores as set forth in Section 2(j)(3) above.   (5) Seller will use
commercially reasonable efforts to  pick up the majority of the Johnson
Controls and  Yuasa products by December 12, 2003; provided,  however, that
all Johnson Controls and Yuasa products  will be picked up by December 20,
2003.   (6) Seller will cause the pick-up carrier to have  appropriate
loading equipment on the trucks used for  pick up.   k. If Buyer or Seller
fails to meet its schedule for performance  with respect to an NTB Store, the
party failing to meet its  performance shall pay the other party $550 per
failure,  provided that the first 10 failures shall not be charged.   l.
During the period from the Closing through acceptance by  Seller\'s carrier,
Buyer shall bear the risk of loss for  Excluded Products located at NTB
Stores on the Closing Date,  subject to the dispute resolution procedures
under Section  2.4(c) of the Stock Purchase Agreement.   m. Within thirty
(30) days after the Expiration Date, Seller will  pay to Buyer a subsidy
equal to $6.42 for each Seller Tire  shipped to Buyer through Seller TDCs
under this Agreement  (except for tires shipped to Buyer in error and
subsequently  returned) less $6.42 per Seller Tire returned to Seller TDCs 
under Section 1(h) of the Supply Chain Section of this Exhibit  A.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if for any line of Seller  Tires, Buyer
returns to Seller TDCs under Section 1(h) of the  Supply Chain Section of
this Exhibit A more tires than were  shipped to Buyer through Seller TDCs
under this Agreement, no  subsidy shall be paid on such line, but such excess
in returns  shall not reduce the subsidy paid for other lines. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no subsidy shall be paid on Buyer Tires.  Seller Tires
transshipped through Seller\'s TDCs pursuant to  Section 1(n) of the Supply
Chain Section shall not be deemed  new sales or returns, and such
transshipment(s) shall not  result in a subsidy payment or a reduction of
subsidy pursuant  to this Section 1(m).   A-23     SUPPLY CHAIN  1.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES   Seller shall arrange for and Buyer shall accept
the following services through SLS, subject to any conditions contained
herein:   a. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2(a) of the Buying 
Section of this Exhibit A, Products added after the Closing  Date by Seller
to its distribution system may be added to the  Standard Products covered by
this Section 1 at Seller\'s sole  discretion.   b. Delivery of Seller
Distributed Standard Products from vendors  to Seller\'s TDCs. Without
limiting the generality of the  foregoing, Buyer shall be responsible for
shipping all  Standard Products, other than tires, wheel weights, valves
and  other products normally not shipped through the TDCs prior to  the
Closing, directly to NTB Stores from vendors.   c. Processing through the
TDCs of up to 50 new SKUs of Buyer  Tires. Buyer\'s addition of Buyer Tires
to Seller\'s systems,  processes and procedures will be in accordance with
those  currently in place and referenced below. Buyer shall provide  all
information regarding Buyer Tire SKUs as requested by  Seller (including all
information required by Seller\'s CORE  system) in a format to be specified
by Seller. Seller shall be  responsible for the shipment and delivery of
Buyer Tires from  Buyer\'s distribution centers to the TDC specified by
Seller.  Buyer Tires will be delivered to the NTB stores along with the 
Standard Products being shipped to NTB on the regular  frequency of
delivery.   d. Fill Rates on Standard Products by line will be no less
than  fill rates on Standard Products by line at SAC Stores so long  as NTB
Store sales do not exceed 110% of historical sales  volume by line.   e.
Delivery of Seller Distributed Standard Products and Buyer  Tires held at the
TDCs to NTB Stores on the current  distribution frequency schedule, but in no
event less than one  delivery per week.   f. Buyer will provide Seller, on
approximately a weekly update  basis, a six-month view forecast, a 16-week
forecast and a  six-week firm forecast of Buyer\'s usage of services under
this  Section 1. Failure of Buyer to provide this regular forecast  may
impact supply, including paragraph 1(d) and paragraph  1(e).   g.
Fulfillment of Buyer\'s orders will be subject to supply  limitations of
applicable third-party vendors, provided that  products will be filled at the
fill rates specified in Section  1(d) above.   h. Subject to the terms of
this Section 1(h), Seller\'s TDCs will  receive Buyer\'s returns at 75% of
current cost for any Seller  Distributed Standard Products,   A-24    
including without limitation, NTB Exclusive Tires, returned in  sellable
condition. Seller will work with the Buyer to pick up  this product within
two (2) weeks after Buyer advises Seller  of Buyer\'s intent to return this
product, provided that the  product is ready for pickup when scheduled.
Freight charges  will be reimbursed by Buyer, provided that Seller will be 
responsible for freight if Seller wants Seller Distributed  Standard Products
returned anywhere other than the closest  TDC.   i. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 1(h),  Seller\'s TDCs will receive
Buyer\'s returns, at 100% of current  cost and at Seller\'s responsibility
for freight, of (a) any  Seller Distributed Standard Product that Seller
discontinues  (other than due to a general discontinuation by the  third-
party manufacturer/vendor which is then governed by  subsection (h) above);
and (b) any Seller Distributed Standard  Product that the third-party
manufacturer/vendor will not  permit Seller to ship to NTB Stores but that
Seller chooses to  continue to ship to SAC Stores. In all cases, products
that  are returned must be in sellable condition.   j. Buyer shall provide
Seller advance notice of Buyer\'s good  faith estimate of the number and SKUs
of Seller Distributed  Standard Products to be returned pursuant to Section
1(h) or  Section 1(i) above or Section 1(n) below at least two weeks  prior
to the return date, with actual quantities and SKUs to  be provided the night
before the return date.   k. Except as set forth in Section 1(h) or Section
1(i) above or  Section 1(n) below and except for products shipped to Buyer
in  error, Seller will not accept returns from Buyer.   l. For the
avoidance of doubt, Seller shall not accept returns of  Buyer Tires, and
Buyer shall be responsible for purchasing the  entirety of any Buyer Tires
that remain in inventory at the  TDCs after all of the NTB Stores have been
transferred to  Buyer\'s systems.   m. Attached hereto and incorporated
herein by reference are SLS\'s  operating policies and procedures, which
policies and  procedures shall be followed with respect to any services 
rendered under this Exhibit. Any and all deviation from such  polices and
procedures must be mutually agreed upon by the  parties and made in writing
as an amendment to this Agreement.   n. During the term of this Agreement,
Seller will receive Seller  Tires from NTB Stores that have been transferred
to Buyer\'s  systems into the Seller TDCs and will ship such Seller Tires 
in the normal course to NTB Stores not yet transferred from  TPOS.   o.
Products governed by the Transition Services provided by  Seller to Buyer
under this Section 1 are provided solely for  the purpose of transition of
NTB Stores.   A-25    2. FEES TO SELLER   - Buyer will pay Seller a
distribution charge (including freight  expenses) of $3.17 per Unit for the
first one million Units  shipped through Seller TDCs under this Agreement.
After the first  one million Units, Buyer will pay $3.50 per Unit shipped
through  Seller TDCs under this Agreement. A "Unit" is a tire or a 
standard-size shipping carton shipped outbound to an NTB Store. In  order for
the foregoing pricing to apply to Buyer Tires, Buyer  must ensure full
truckloads of Buyer Tires inbound to a TDC. If  Buyer does not do so and as a
result thereof, Seller incurs  additional freight expense, Seller may
increase the per-Unit  charge set forth above for Buyer Tires.  
A-26    '

