<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>0002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
<TEXT>

THE SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS. THE
SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR  INVESTMENT  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,
SOLD,  TRANSFERRED  OR  ASSIGNED  IN THE  ABSENCE OF AN  EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION
STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES  UNDER THE  SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR
APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM REASONABLY
SATISFACTORY  TO THE ISSUER THAT  REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR
APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID
ACT.

                              AMTECH SYSTEMS, INC.

                        WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

Warrant No.: W8 Number of Shares:3,630
Date of Issuance: September 8, 2000

Amtech Systems,  Inc., an Arizona corporation (the "Company"),  hereby certifies
that, for good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby  acknowledged,  Bay Harbor  Investments,  Inc., the registered holder
hereof, or its permitted assigns (a "holder"), is entitled, subject to the terms
set forth below, to purchase from the Company upon surrender of this Warrant, at
any time or times on or after the date hereof,  but, as to any specific  Warrant
Shares (as defined below),  not after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time on the applicable
Expiration Date (as defined  herein),  up to 3,630 fully paid and  nonassessable
shares of Common Stock (as defined herein) of the Company (the "Warrant Shares")
at the purchase price per share provided below.

     1. DEFINITIONS.

     (a) DEFINED  TERMS.  The following  words and terms as used in this Warrant
shall have the following meanings:

          (i) "Business Day" means any day other than Saturday,  Sunday or other
     day on which  commercial  banks in the City of New York are  authorized  or
     required by law to remain closed.

          (ii) "Closing Bid Price" means,  for any security as of any date,  the
     last  closing  bid  price for such  security  on the  principal  securities
     exchange  or trading  market  where such  security is listed or traded (the
     "Principal   Market')   as   reported  by   Bloomberg   Financial   Markets
     ("Bloomberg"),  or if the  foregoing  does not apply,  the last closing bid
     price of such  security in the  over-the-counter  market on the  electronic
     bulletin  board for such  security  as  reported  by  Bloomberg,  or, if no
     closing bid price is reported  for such  security  by  Bloomberg,  the last

                                       1
<PAGE>
     closing trade price for such  security as reported by Bloomberg,  or, if no
     last closing trade price is reported for such  security by  Bloomberg,  the
     average  of the bid  prices  of any  market  makers  for such  security  as
     reported in the "pink sheets" by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc. If the
     Closing Bid Price cannot be  calculated  for such  security on such date on
     any of the foregoing  bases, the Closing Bid Price of such security on such
     date shall be the fair market value as mutually  determined  by the Company
     and  the  holder  of  this  Warrant.  All  such  determinations  are  to be
     appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split or other similar
     transaction during such period.

          (iii) "Closing Sale Price" means, for any security as of any date, the
     last  closing  trade  price for such  security on the  Principal  Market as
     reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing does not apply, the last closing
     trade  price  of  such  security  in  the  over-the-counter  market  on the
     electronic  bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg,  or,
     if no last closing  trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg,
     the last closing ask price of such security as reported by  Bloomberg,  or,
     if no last  closing ask price is reported for such  security by  Bloomberg,
     the  average  of the  lowest  ask price and  lowest bid price of any market
     makers for such  security as reported in the "pink  sheets" by the National
     Quotation  Bureau,  Inc. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for
     such security on such date on any of the foregoing  bases, the Closing Sale
     Price of such  security  on such  date  shall be the fair  market  value as
     mutually  determined by the Company and the holder of this Warrant.  If the
     Company  and the holder of this  Warrant  are unable to agree upon the fair
     market value of the Common  Stock,  then such dispute  shall be resolved by
     the term  "Market  Price"  being  substituted  for the term  "Closing  Sale
     Price." All such  determinations  are to be appropriately  adjusted for any
     stock  dividend,  stock  split or other  similar  transaction  during  such
     period.

          (iv) "Common  Stock" means (i) the Company's  common stock,  par value
     $.01 per share,  and (ii) any capital  stock into which such  Common  Stock
     shall  have  been   changed  or  any  capital   stock   resulting   from  a
     reclassification  of such Common  Stock;  provided,  however,  that, at the
     Company's  option,  the Company may substitute for any Warrant Shares to be
     issued  hereunder  a class  or  series  of  capital  stock  which is in all
     respects the same as the Common Stock,  except that shares of such class or
     series may have no or limited voting rights, in which event the term Common
     Stock will include such class or series for all purposes hereunder.

          (v)  "Expiration  Date" means the fifth  anniversary  of the  Issuance
     Date; provided,  however,  that if any such Expiration Date would otherwise
     fall on a  Saturday,  Sunday or other day on which  banks are  required  or
     authorized to be closed in the City of New York or the State of New York or
     on which trading does not take place on the Principal Market (a "Holiday"),
     such Expiration Date shall be the next date that is not a Holiday.

          (vi) "Issuance  Date" means the date of issuance of this Warrant first
     referenced above.

          (vii) "Market Price" means,  with respect to any security for any date
     of  determination,  that price which  shall be  computed as the  arithmetic

                                       2
<PAGE>
     average of the Closing Bid Prices for such security on each of the five (5)
     consecutive  trading days immediately  preceding such date of determination
     (all  such  determinations  to be  appropriately  adjusted  for  any  stock
     dividend, stock split or similar transaction during the pricing period).

          (viii) "Person" means an individual,  a limited liability  company,  a
     partnership,  a joint venture,  a corporation,  a trust, an  unincorporated
     organization and a government or any department or agency thereof.

          (ix) "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

          (x) "Warrant"  means this Warrant and all warrants issued in exchange,
     transfer or replacement thereof.

          (xi) "Warrant Exercise Price" shall be $15.12.

     (b) OTHER DEFINITIONAL  PROVISIONS.  Except as otherwise  specified herein,
all  references  herein  (A) to the  Company  shall be  deemed  to  include  the
Company's  successors  and (B) to any  applicable  law  defined or  referred  to
herein,  shall be deemed  references to such applicable law as the same may have
been or may be  amended  or  supplemented  from time to time.  When used in this
Warrant,  the words "herein,"  "hereof," and  "hereunder,"  and words of similar
import,  shall refer to this Warrant as a whole and not to any provision of this
Warrant,  and the words  "Section,"  "Schedule,"  and  "Exhibit"  shall refer to
Sections  of, and  Schedules  and Exhibits  to, this  Warrant  unless  otherwise
specified.  Whenever the context so  requires,  the neuter  gender  includes the
masculine or feminine,  and the singular  number  includes the plural,  and vice
versa.

     2. EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

     (a)  Subject  to the terms  and  conditions  hereof,  this  Warrant  may be
exercised  as to any  Warrant  Shares  with  respect  to  which  the  applicable
Expiration Date has not passed by the holder hereof then registered on the books
of the Company, in whole or in part, at any time on any Business Day on or after
the opening of business on the date hereof and prior to 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time
on the applicable  Expiration Date by (i) delivery of a written  notice,  in the
form of the  subscription  notice  attached as EXHIBIT A hereto  (the  "Exercise
Notice"), of such holder's election to exercise this Warrant, which notice shall
specify the number of Warrant  Shares to be  purchased;  (ii) (A) payment to the
Company of an amount  equal to the  Warrant  Exercise  Price  multiplied  by the
number of  Warrant  Shares as to which  this  Warrant  is being  exercised  (the
"Aggregate Exercise Price") in cash, certified or bank funds or wire transfer of
immediately  available  funds or (B)  notifying the Company that this Warrant is
being  exercised  pursuant to a Cashless  Exercise (as defined in Section 2(d));
and  (iii)  the  surrender  of this  Warrant  (or a Lost  Warrant  Affidavit  in
substantially  the form annexed hereto as EXHIBIT B with respect to this Warrant
in the case of its loss, theft or destruction) to the Company; provided, that if
such  Warrant  Shares  are to be  issued  in any  name  other  than  that of the
registered holder of this Warrant,  such issuance shall be deemed a transfer and
the provisions of Section 8 shall be applicable. In the event of any exercise of

                                       3
<PAGE>
the rights represented by this Warrant in compliance with this Section 2(a), the
Company  shall not later than the seventh  Business  Day  following  the date of
receipt of the Exercise  Notice,  the Aggregate  Exercise  Price (or notice of a
Cashless   Exercise)   and  this  Warrant  (or  a  Lost  Warrant   Affidavit  in
substantially  the form annexed hereto as EXHIBIT B with respect to this Warrant
in the  case  of  its  loss,  theft  or  destruction)  (the  "Exercise  Delivery
Documents"),  deliver  to the  address  specified  in  the  Exercise  Notice,  a
certificate,  registered  in the name of the holder (or its  designee),  for the
number  of  Warrant  Shares  to which  the  holder  (or its  designee)  shall be
entitled.  Upon  delivery of the Exercise  Notice and Aggregate  Exercise  Price
referred to above or notification to the Company of a Cashless Exercise referred
to in Section 2(d), the holder of this Warrant (or its designee) shall be deemed
for all  corporate  purposes  to have become the holder of record of the Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been  exercised,  irrespective  of
the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares.

     (b) Unless the rights  represented  by this  Warrant  shall have expired or
shall have been fully  exercised,  the Company shall, as soon as practicable and
in no event later than seven (7)  Business  Days after  delivery of the Exercise
Delivery Documents and at its own expense,  issue a new Warrant identical in all
respects to this Warrant  exercised except it shall represent rights to purchase
the number of Warrant  Shares  purchasable  immediately  prior to such  exercise
under this Warrant exercised,  less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to
which such Warrant is exercised.

     (c) No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise
of this  Warrant,  but rather the number of shares of Common  Stock  issued upon
exercise of this Warrant shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number.

     (d) The Holder of this Warrant may, in its sole  discretion,  exercise this
Warrant in whole or in part and,  in lieu of making the cash  payment  otherwise
contemplated  to be made to the  Company  upon such  exercise  in payment of the
Aggregate  Exercise Price,  elect instead to receive upon such exercise the "Net
Number" of shares of Common Stock determined  according to the following formula
(a "Cashless Exercise"):

          Net Number = (A X B) - (A X C)
                       -----------------
                               B

          For purposes of the foregoing formula:

               A  =  the  total  number of shares  with  respect  to which  this
                     Warrant is then being exercised.

               B  =  the  Market  Price as of  the date of  the Exercise Notice.

               C  =  the Warrant Exercise Price then in effect for the
                     applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

                                       4
<PAGE>
     3.  (a)   ADJUSTMENT   FOR   DIVIDENDS   IN  OTHER   STOCK  AND   PROPERTY;
RECLASSIFICATIONS.  In case at any time or from time to time the  holders of the
Common Stock (or any shares of stock or other  securities at the time receivable
upon the  exercise of this  Warrant)  shall have  received,  or, on or after the
record date fixed for the  determination  of eligible  shareholders,  shall have
become entitled to receive, without payment therefor,

               (1) other or  additional  stock or other  securities  or property
          (other than cash) by way of dividend,

               (2) any cash or other  property paid or payable out of any source
          other than retained earnings  (determined in accordance with generally
          accepted accounting principles), or

               (3) other or  additional  stock or other  securities  or property
          (including  cash) by way of stock-split,  spin-off,  reclassification,
          combination of shares or similar corporate rearrangement,

(other  than (x) shares of Common  Stock or any other stock or  securities  into
which such  Common  Stock shall have been  exchanged,  or (y) any other stock or
securities  convertible into or exchangeable for such Common Stock or such other
stock or  securities),  then and in each such case a holder,  upon the  exercise
hereof as  provided  in Section 2, shall be  entitled  to receive  the amount of
stock and other securities and property (including cash in the cases referred to
in clauses (2) and (3) above)  which such holder  would hold on the date of such
exercise  if on the  Issuance  Date such holder had been the holder of record of
the number of shares of Common Stock called for on the face of this Warrant, and
had  thereafter,  during the period from the Issuance  Date to and including the
date of such exercise, retained such shares and/or all other or additional stock
and other  securities and property  (including  cash in the cases referred to in
clause (2) and (3) above)  receivable  by it as  aforesaid  during such  period,
giving effect to all adjustments  called for during such period by Sections 3(a)
and 3(b).

     (b) ADJUSTMENT FOR REORGANIZATION, CONSOLIDATION AND MERGER. In case of any
reorganization  of the  Company  (or any  other  corporation  the stock or other
securities of which are at the time  receivable on the exercise of this Warrant)
or  reclassification  of its securities  after the Issuance Date, or the Company
(or any such other  corporation)  shall  consolidate  with or merge into another
corporation or entity or convey or exchange all or substantially  all its assets
to another  corporation or entity, then and in each such case the holder of this
Warrant, upon the exercise hereof as provided in Section 2 at any time after the
consummation of such reorganization,  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,
conveyance  or exchange,  shall be entitled to receive,  in lieu of the stock or
other securities and property receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior
to such  consummation,  the stock or other  securities or property to which such
holder  would  have been  entitled  upon such  consummation  if such  holder had
exercised  this  Warrant  immediately  prior  thereto,  all  subject  to further
adjustment  as provided in Sections  3(a),  (b), (c) and (d); in each such case,
the terms of this Warrant  shall be  applicable  to the shares of stock or other
securities or property  receivable  upon the exercise of this Warrant after such
consummation.

                                       5
<PAGE>
     (c) ADJUSTMENT FOR CERTAIN DIVIDENDS AND  DISTRIBUTIONS.  If the Company at
any  time  or  from  time  to  time  makes,  or  fixes  a  record  date  for the
determination  of  holders  of  Common  Stock  (or any  shares of stock or other
securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) entitled to
receive,  a dividend or other  distribution  payable in additional shares of (x)
Common Stock or any other stock or securities into which such Common Stock shall
have been exchanged,  or (y) any other stock or securities  convertible  into or
exchangeable  for such Common Stock or such other stock or securities,  then and
in each such event

                    (1) the  Warrant  Exercise  Price  then in  effect  shall be
decreased  as of the time of the issuance of such  additional  shares or, in the
event such  record  date is fixed,  as of the close of  business  on such record
date, by multiplying the Warrant Exercise Price then in effect by a fraction (A)
the  numerator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and
outstanding  immediately  prior to the  time of such  issuance  or the  close of
business  on such record  date,  and (B) the  denominator  of which shall be the
total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding  immediately prior
to the time of such issuance or the close of business on such record date as the
case may be,  plus the number of shares of Common  Stock  issuable in payment of
such dividend or distribution;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that if such record date is
fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or if such  distribution  is not fully
made on the date fixed therefor,  the Warrant Exercise Price shall be recomputed
accordingly  as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter the
Warrant Exercise Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 3(c) as of the
time of actual payment of such dividends or distributions; and

                    (2)  the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  theretofore
receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be increased,  as of the time
of such issuance or, in the event such record date is fixed,  as of the close of
business on such  record  date,  in inverse  proportion  to the  decrease in the
Warrant Exercise Price.

     (d) STOCK SPLIT AND REVERSE STOCK SPLIT. If the Company at any time or from
time to time  effects a stock split or  subdivision  of the  outstanding  Common
Stock, the Warrant Exercise Price then in effect  immediately  before that stock
split or subdivision shall be proportionately decreased and the number of shares
of Common Stock  theretofore  receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall
be  proportionately  increased.  If the Company at any time or from time to time
effects a reverse stock split or combines the outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller  number of  shares,  the  Warrant  Exercise  Price then in effect
immediately   before  that  reverse   stock  split  or   combination   shall  be
proportionately  increased and the number of shares of Common Stock  theretofore
receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately decreased.
Each adjustment  under this Section 3(d) shall become  effective at the close of
business  on the date the  stock  split,  subdivision,  reverse  stock  split or
combination becomes effective.

                                       6
<PAGE>
     4. COVENANTS AS TO COMMON STOCK. The Company hereby covenants and agrees as
follows:

     (a) This  Warrant  is,  and any  Warrants  issued  in  substitution  for or
replacement  of this Warrant will upon issuance be, duly  authorized and validly
issued.

     (b) All Warrant  Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the rights
represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance,  be validly issued,  fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the
issuance thereof.

     (c) During the period within which the rights  represented  by this Warrant
may be exercised,  the Company will at all times have authorized and reserved at
least 100% of the  number of shares of Common  Stock  needed to provide  for the
exercise of the rights  then  represented  by this  Warrant and the par value of
said  shares will at all times be less than or equal to the  applicable  Warrant
Exercise Price.

     (d) The  Company  shall  secure the  listing of the shares of Common  Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant upon each national securities exchange or
automated  quotation  system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then
listed within the time required by such exchange or quotation system's rules and
regulations  and shall  maintain,  so long as any other  shares of Common  Stock
shall be so listed, such listing of all shares of Common Stock from time to time
issuable  upon the exercise of this  Warrant;  and the Company  shall so list on
each national  securities exchange or automated quotation system within the time
required by such exchange or quotation  system's rules and  regulations,  as the
case may be, and shall  maintain  such  listing of, any other  shares of capital
stock of the Company  issuable  upon the exercise of this Warrant if and so long
as any  shares of the same  class  shall be listed on such  national  securities
exchange or automated quotation system.

     (e) The Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of  Incorporation
or  through  any  reorganization,  transfer  of assets,  consolidation,  merger,
dissolution,  issue or sale of securities,  or any other voluntary action, avoid
or seek to  avoid  the  observance  or  performance  of any of the  terms  to be
observed  or  performed  by it  hereunder,  but will at all times in good  faith
assist in the  carrying  out of all the  provisions  of this  Warrant and in the
taking of all such action as may  reasonably  be requested by the holder of this
Warrant in order to protect the exercise privilege of the holder of this Warrant
against dilution or other  impairment,  consistent with the tenor and purpose of
this Warrant.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i)
will not increase the par value of any shares of Common  Stock  receivable  upon
the exercise of this Warrant  above the Warrant  Exercise  Price then in effect,
and (ii) will take all such actions as may be necessary or  appropriate in order
that the Company may  validly  and  legally  issue fully paid and  nonassessable
shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

     (f) This Warrant will be binding upon any entity  succeeding to the Company
by merger,  consolidation  or  acquisition  of all or  substantially  all of the
Company's   assets  and  any  such   successive   mergers,   consolidations   or
acquisitions.

     5. TAXES. The Company shall pay any and all taxes which may be payable with
respect to the  issuance and  delivery of Warrant  Shares upon  exercise of this
Warrant;  provided,  however,  that the Company shall not be required to pay any

                                       7
<PAGE>
tax that may be  payable in respect  of any  transfer  involved  in the issue or
delivery of Common  Stock or other  securities  or property in a name other than
that of the  registered  holders of this Warrant to be converted and such holder
shall pay such amount, if any, to cover any applicable transfer or similar tax.

     6.  WARRANT   HOLDER  NOT  DEEMED  A   STOCKHOLDER.   Except  as  otherwise
specifically  provided  herein,  no holder of this Warrant,  solely by virtue of
such  holding,  shall be entitled to vote or receive  dividends or be deemed the
holder of shares of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in
this Warrant be construed to confer upon the holder hereof,  as such, any of the
rights of a  stockholder  of the Company or any right to vote,  give or withhold
consent  to any  corporate  action  (whether a  reorganization,  issue of stock,
reclassification  of stock,  consolidation,  merger,  conveyance or  otherwise),
receive  notice of  meetings,  receive  dividends  or  subscription  rights,  or
otherwise,  prior to the  issuance to the holder of this  Warrant of the Warrant
Shares which he or she is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this
Warrant.  In addition,  nothing  contained in this Warrant shall be construed as
imposing  any  liabilities  on such  holder to  purchase  any  securities  (upon
exercise of this  Warrant or  otherwise)  or as a  stockholder  of the  Company,
whether  such  liabilities  are  asserted by the Company or by  creditors of the
Company.  Notwithstanding this Section 6, the Company will provide the holder of
this Warrant with copies of the same notices and other  information given to the
stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof
to the stockholders.

     7. REPRESENTATIONS OF HOLDER. The holder of this Warrant, by the acceptance
hereof,  represents that it is acquiring this Warrant and the Warrant Shares for
its own account for investment  only and not with a view towards,  or for resale
in  connection  with,  the public sale or  distribution  of this  Warrant or the
Warrant  Shares,  except  pursuant to sales  registered  or  exempted  under the
Securities Act; provided,  however,  that by making the representations  herein,
the holder does not agree to hold this Warrant or any of the Warrant  Shares for
any minimum or other  specific  term and  reserves  the right to dispose of this
Warrant and the Warrant  Shares at any time in accordance  with or pursuant to a
registration  statement or an exemption  under the Securities Act. The holder of
this Warrant further  represents,  by acceptance hereof,  that, as of this date,
such  holder  is an  "accredited  investor"  as  such  term is  defined  in Rule
501(a)(1) of Regulation D promulgated by the Securities and Exchange  Commission
under the Securities Act (an "Accredited Investor").

     8. OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER.

     (a) The Company shall maintain at its principal  executive offices (or such
other  office or  agency of the  Company  as it may  designate  by notice to the
holder hereof),  a register for this Warrant,  in which the Company shall record
the name and address of the person in whose name this  Warrant has been  issued,
as well as the name and  address of each  transferee.  The Company may treat the
person in whose name any Warrant is  registered on the register as the owner and
holder  thereof for all purposes,  but in all events  recognizing  any transfers
made in accordance with the terms of this Warrant.

                                       8
<PAGE>
     (b) Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant and
the rights  granted  hereunder  shall be assignable by the holder hereof without
the consent of the Company.

     9. LOST, STOLEN,  MUTILATED OR DESTROYED WARRANT.  If this Warrant is lost,
stolen,  mutilated or destroyed,  the Company  shall,  on receipt of an executed
Lost Warrant  Affidavit in  substantially  the form annexed  hereto as EXHIBIT B
(or, in the case of a mutilated  Warrant,  the Warrant),  issue a new Warrant of
like  denomination  and tenor as this  Warrant  so lost,  stolen,  mutilated  or
destroyed.

     10. NOTICE. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required
or  permitted to be given under the terms of this Warrant must be in writing and
will be  deemed  to have  been  delivered:  (i)  upon  receipt,  when  delivered
personally;  (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of
transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the
sending  party);  or (iii) one  Business  Day after  deposit  with a  nationally
recognized  overnight  delivery service,  in each case properly addressed to the
party to  receive  the  same.  The  addresses  and  facsimile  numbers  for such
communications shall be:

                  If to the Company:

                  Amtech Systems, Inc.
                  131 South Clark Drive
                  Tempe, Arizona  85281
                  Telephone: (480) 967-5146
                  Facsimile: (480) 968-3763
                  E-Mail: rthass@amtechsystems.com
                  Attn: Robert T. Hass
                        Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

                  With a copy to:

                  Squire, Sanders & Dempsey L.L.P.
                  Two Renaissance Square
                  40 North Central Avenue, Suite 2700
                  Phoenix, Arizona 85004
                  Telephone: (602) 528-4000
                  Facsimile: (602) 253-8129
                  Attention: Gregory R. Hall, Esq.

If to a holder of this Warrant,  to it at the address and  facsimile  number set
forth on the Company's register, or at such other address and facsimile as shall
be delivered to the Company by the holder at any time.  Each party shall provide
five days' prior  written  notice to the other party of any change in address or
facsimile number.  Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of
such  notice,  consent,  waiver  or other  communication,  (B)  mechanically  or
electronically  generated by the sender's facsimile machine containing the time,
date,  recipient  facsimile  number  and an  image  of the  first  page  of such
transmission  or (C)  provided by a  nationally  recognized  overnight  delivery

                                       9
<PAGE>
service shall be rebuttable  evidence of personal service,  receipt by facsimile
or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance
with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

     11.  AMENDMENT  AND  WAIVER.  Except  as  otherwise  provided  herein,  the
provisions  of this  Warrant  may be amended and the Company may take any action
herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by
it,  only if the  Company has  obtained  the  written  consent of the holders of
Warrants representing 51% of the shares of Common Stock obtainable upon exercise
of the Warrants then outstanding.

     12. DESCRIPTIVE  HEADINGS;  GOVERNING LAW. The descriptive  headings of the
several  Sections and  paragraphs  of this Warrant are inserted for  convenience
only and do not  constitute a part of this Warrant.  The  corporate  laws of the
State of Arizona shall govern all issues  concerning the relative  rights of the
Company and its stockholders.  All other questions  concerning the construction,
validity,  enforcement and  interpretation  of this Warrant shall be governed by
the internal laws of the State of Arizona,  without  giving effect to any choice
of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Arizona, or
any other  jurisdictions)  that would cause the  application  of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of Arizona.

                                         AMTECH SYSTEMS, INC.


                                         By:
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name: Robert T. Hass
                                             Title: Vice President & Chief
                                                    Financial Officer

                                       10
<PAGE>
                              EXHIBIT A TO WARRANT

                                SUBSCRIPTION FORM
        TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS WARRANT
                              AMTECH SYSTEMS, INC.

     The   undersigned   holder   hereby   exercises   the  right  to   purchase
_________________  of the shares of Common  Stock  ("Warrant  Shares") of Amtech
Systems, Inc., an Arizona corporation (the "Company"), evidenced by the attached
Warrant (the "Warrant"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

     1. Form of Warrant  Exercise Price.  The Holder intends that payment of the
Warrant Exercise Price shall be made as:

     ____________    a "CASH EXERCISE" with respect to _________________
                     Warrant Shares; and/or

     ____________    a "CASHLESS  EXERCISE" with respect to _______________
                     Warrant Shares (to the extent permitted by the terms of the
                     Warrant).

     2.  Payment of  Warrant  Exercise  Price.  In the event that the holder has
elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant  Shares to be
issued pursuant hereto, the holder shall pay the sum of  $___________________ to
the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

     3.  Delivery of Warrant  Shares.  The Company  shall  deliver to the holder
__________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

Date: _______________________ __, ______


----------------------------------------
       Name of Registered Holder

By:
     -----------------------------------
     Name:
     Title:

                                      A-1
<PAGE>
                              EXHIBIT B TO WARRANT

                            FORM OF AFFIDAVIT OF LOSS

STATE OF                   )
                           ) ss:
COUNTY OF                  )

     The undersigned  (hereinafter  "Deponent"),  being duly sworn,  deposes and
says that:

     1. Deponent is an adult whose mailing address is:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     2.  Deponent is the  recipient  of a Warrant  (the  "Warrant")  from Amtech
Systems, Inc. (the "Company"),  dated ______________________ for the purchase of
_____________________  shares of Common Stock,  par value $.01 per share, of the
Company, at an exercise price of $_________________________ per share.

     3. The Warrant has been lost,  stolen,  destroyed or  misplaced,  under the
following circumstances:






     4. The Warrant was not endorsed.

     5. Deponent has made a diligent search for the Warrant, and has been unable
to find or recover same, and Deponent was the unconditional owner of the Warrant
at the time of loss,  and is  entitled  to the  full  and  exclusive  possession
thereof;  that neither the Warrant nor the rights of Deponent  therein  have, in
whole or in part, been assigned, transferred, hypothecated, pledged or otherwise
disposed of, in any manner whatsoever,  and that no person,  firm or corporation
other than the Deponent has any right,  title, claim, equity or interest in, to,
or respecting the Warrant.

     6. Deponent makes this Affidavit for the purpose of requesting and inducing
the  Company  and its  agents to issue a new  warrant  in  substitution  for the
Warrant.

                                      B-1
<PAGE>
     7. If the Warrant should ever come into the hands,  custody or power of the
Deponent or the Deponent's representatives, agents or assigns, the Deponent will
immediately and without consideration  surrender the Warrant to the Company, its
representatives,  agents or assigns,  its transfer agents or subscription agents
for cancellation.

     8. The Deponent hereby  indemnifies and holds harmless the Company from any
claim or demand for payment or  reimbursement of any party arising in connection
with the subject matter of this Affidavit.

Signed, sealed and dated:  _________________________



                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Deponent


Sworn to and subscribed before me this
____ day of _____________, _________


---------------------------------------
Notary Public

                                      B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
