 EXHIBIT 10    1  EXHIBIT 10    STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT   Among   MR. JOHN S. CARTER, JR.  MRS. LETITIA M.
CARTER  ELECTRON FUSION DEVICES, INC.  TRUST 1988 FBO JOHN S. CARTER, III 
TRUST 1988 FBO KATHERINE MARTINEZ  TRUST 1988 FBO PAMELA ROWE  TRUST 1988
FBO ELISABETH CARTER  TRUST 1991 FBO JOHN CARTER III  TRUST 1991 FBO
KATHERINE MARTINEZ  TRUST 1991 FBO PAMELA ROWE  TRUST 1991 FBO ELISABETH
CARTER  TRUST 1991 FBO JULIA MARTINEZ  TRUST 1991 FBO MARGARET MARTINEZ 
TRUST 1994 JOHN CARTER, GRANTOR  TRUST 1994 LETITIA CARTER, GRANTOR  TRUST
1996 KATHERINE MARTINEZ, GRANTOR  TRUST 1996 PAMELA ROWE, GRANTOR  TRUST
1996 JOHN CARTER III, GRANTOR  TRUST 1996 ELISABETH CARTER, GRANTOR  TRUST
1996 LETITIA CARTER, GRANTOR   And   NORDSON CORPORATION    Dated
September 21, 2000   2  TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page  ---- 1. Sale and
Purchase of EFD Shares; Purchase Price 5  2. Payment of Purchase Price
5 (a) At Effective Time 5 (b) Following Delivery of Preliminary Effective
Time Statement 2 (c) Upon Final Settlement of Any Adjustment in Purchase
Price 2 (d) Nine (9) and Eighteen (18) Months After Effective Time 6  3.
Adjustment in Purchase Price 6 (a) Preparation of Effective Time Statement
6 (b) Dispute Resolution 4 (c) Adjustment. 4  4. Ownership of the EFD
Shares 5  5. General Representations and Warranties by the Shareholders
5 (a) Organization; Corporate Power; No Subsidiaries; Directors  and
Officers 5 (b) No Conflict 5 (c) Capitalization 6 (d) Financial Statements
of the EFD Entities; No Undisclosed  Liabilities 6 (e) Real Estate. 6 (f)
Inventory of the EFD Entities 8 (g) Accounts Receivable 8 (h) Actions in
Ordinary Course of Business; No Material  Adverse Change 9 (i) Title to
Property 9 (j) No Litigation or Claims; No Governmental Investigation 10 (k)
Product Warranties 10 (l) Contracts, Leases, and Licenses 10 (m)
Intellectual Property 11 (n) Employee Benefits; No Union 12 (o) Compliance
with Laws 13 (p) Taxes 13 (q) No Government Grant 14 (r) Corporate and
Other Proceedings 14 (s) Computer Software and Databases 14 (t) No Finder\'s
Fee or Brokerage Commission 14 (u) No other Representations or Warranties
14    -i-   3 6. Representations and Warranties by Nordson 14 (a)
Organization; Standing; Corporate Power 14 (b) Authority 14 (c) No Conflict
15 (d) Financing 16 (e) No Finder\'s Fee or Brokerage Commission 16  7.
Covenants 16 (a) By the Shareholders 16 (b) By Both Parties 17 (c) No Shop
17 (d) Employment Agreements; Carter Consulting Agreement 17 (e) Section
338(h)(10) Election 17 (f) Excluded Assets 18 (g) Environmental Matters
19 (h) Nordson\'s Covenants 19  8. Nordson\'s Conditions to Closing 20 (a)
Performance of Obligations 21 (b) Representations and Warranties Are True
21 (c) HSR Act 21 (d) Consents and Approvals 21 (e) Employment Agreements;
Carter Consulting Agreement;  Employee Agreements 21 (f) Environmental
Insurance 21 (g) Releases from Phantom Stock Holders 21  9. The
Shareholders\' Conditions to Closing 21 (a) Performance of Obligations
21 (b) Representations and Warranties Are True 21 (c) Employment Agreements;
Carter Consulting Agreement 22 (d) HSR Act 22 (e) Environmental Insurance
22 (f) Releases from Phantom Stock Holders 22  10. Closing; Effective Time
22  11. Covenant Not to Compete 23  12. Survival of Representations,
Warranties, and Covenants 23  13. Indemnification 24   -ii-   4 (a)
Indemnification by the Shareholders 24 (b) Indemnification by Nordson 24 (c)
Deductible 24 (d) Cap 25 (e) Insurance 25 (f) Right to Set-Off 25 (g)
Recovery from Trusts 25 (h) Notice of Third-Party Claims 26 (i) Sole and
Exclusive Remedy 26  14. Miscellaneous 27 (a) Expenses 27 (b) Best
Knowledge of the EFD Parties 27 (c) Entire Agreement 27 (d) Waiver 27 (e)
Governing Law; Dispute Resolution; Appointment of  Shareholder Representative
27 (f) Notices 28 (g) Confidentiality 29 (h) Notices to Third Parties and
Publicity 29 (i) Assignment 29 (j) Table of Contents; Preamble; Headings
29  INDEX OF DEFINITIONS 34  LIST OF EXHIBITS 34  LIST OF SCHEDULES
34    -iii-   5  STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   THIS AGREEMENT, dated
September 21, 2000, is among MR. JOHN S. CARTER, JR., an individual ("Mr.
Carter), MRS. LETITIA M. CARTER, an individual ("Mrs. Carter"), ELECTRON
FUSION DEVICES, INC., a Rhode Island corporation doing business as EFD, Inc.
("EFD"), TRUST 1988 FBO JOHN S. CARTER, III, TRUST 1988 FBO KATHERINE
MARTINEZ, TRUST 1988 FBO PAMELA ROWE, TRUST 1988 FBO ELISABETH CARTER, TRUST
1991 FBO JOHN CARTER III, TRUST 1991 FBO KATHERINE MARTINEZ, TRUST 1991 FBO
PAMELA ROWE, TRUST 1991 FBO ELISABETH CARTER, TRUST 1991 FBO JULIA MARTINEZ,
TRUST 1991 FBO MARGARET MARTINEZ, TRUST 1994 JOHN CARTER, GRANTOR, TRUST 1994
LETITIA CARTER, GRANTOR, TRUST 1996 KATHERINE MARTINEZ, GRANTOR, TRUST 1996
PAMELA ROWE, GRANTOR, TRUST 1996 JOHN CARTER III, GRANTOR, TRUST
1996 ELISABETH CARTER, GRANTOR, TRUST 1996 LETITIA CARTER, GRANTOR (each a
"Trust" and collectively, the "Trusts"), and NORDSON CORPORATION, a
corporation organized under the laws of the State of Ohio ("Nordson").  
Mr. Carter, Mrs. Carter, EFD, and the Trusts (together, the "Shareholders")
collectively own all of the outstanding shares (the "EFD Shares") of EFD,
Dosage 2000, S.A.R.L., a France limited liability company ("Dosage"), and EFD
International, Inc., a Rhode Island corporation ("EFDI" and, together with
EFD and Dosage, the "EFD Entities"). The number of EFD Shares owned by each
Shareholder in each of the EFD Entities is set forth in Schedule 5(c) -
Capitalization. This Agreement provides for the purchase by Nordson (and, in
the case of a portion of the shares of Dosage, if necessary under French
law, a wholly owned subsidiary designated by Nordson) from the Shareholders
of all of the EFD Shares.   FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, Nordson
and the Shareholders agree as follows:   1. Sale and Purchase of EFD
Shares; Purchase Price. At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 10), the
Shareholders will transfer to Nordson (and, in the case of a portion of the
shares of Dosage, if necessary under French law, a wholly owned subsidiary
designated by Nordson) all of the outstanding EFD Shares, free and clear of
any lien, pledge, charge, equity, encumbrance, or claim. In consideration for
the EFD Shares, Nordson will pay to the Shareholders cash in the amount of
Two Hundred Eighty Million Dollars ($280,000,000.00), subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 3, less the amount paid by Nordson to EFD for payment
to the holders of Phantom Stock pursuant to Section 7(h)(v) (the net amount
being referred to as the "Shareholders\' Portion").   The Shareholders\'
Portion will be allocated among the Shareholders as set forth in Exhibit 1 -
Purchase Price Allocation.   6  2. Payment of Purchase Price. Nordson will
pay the purchase price to the Shareholders as follows:   (a) At Effective
Time. At the Effective Time, Nordson will pay to the Shareholders the sum of
Two Hundred Sixty Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
($267,500,000.00) less the amount paid by Nordson to EFD for payment to the
holders of Phantom Stock.   (b) Following Delivery of Preliminary Effective
Time Statement. When Nordson delivers the Preliminary Effective Time
Statement to the Shareholders pursuant to Section 3(a), Nordson will pay to
the Shareholders the sum of (i) Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
($2,500,000.00) minus any estimated decrease, or plus any estimated increase,
in the purchase price based on the Effective Time Tangible Net Equity shown
in the Preliminary Effective Time Statement (the "Initial Purchase Price
Adjustment Payment"), plus (ii) interest on the Initial Purchase Price
Adjustment Payment from the Effective Time to the date of payment at the
United States Dollar three-month LIBOR rate plus 0.375% based on the British
Bankers Association (BBA) fixing at 11:00 a.m. London time (Reuters reference
page LIBOR01) (the "Agreed Upon Interest Rate").   (c) Upon Final Settlement
of Any Adjustment in Purchase Price. Immediately after the Shareholders
accept or are deemed to have accepted the Preliminary Effective Time
Statement or promptly after resolution of any dispute, as the case may be, in
each case pursuant to Section 3(b), Nordson will pay to the Shareholders the
sum of (i) Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000.00), minus
any Initial Purchase Price Adjustment Payment, minus any decrease or plus any
increase in the purchase price based on the Effective Time Tangible Net
Equity shown in the Effective Time Statement, plus (ii) interest on the net
amount from the Effective Time to the date of payment at the Agreed
Upon Interest Rate. If, however, the amount of any decrease in the purchase
price based on the Effective Time Tangible Net Equity shown in the Effective
Time Statement is greater than Two Million Five Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($2,500,000.00), the Shareholders will make up the shortfall by
paying to Nordson the amount of the shortfall plus interest from the
Effective Time to the date of payment at the Agreed Upon Interest Rate.  
(d) Nine (19) and Eighteen (18) Months After Effective Time. Nine (9) months
after the Effective Time, Nordson will pay to the Shareholders the sum of
Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00), minus any set-off as provided in
Section 13(f), plus interest on the net amount from the Effective Time to
the date of payment at the Agreed Upon Interest Rate. Eighteen (18) months
after the Effective Time, Nordson will pay to the Shareholders another Five
Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00), minus any set-off as provided in Section
13(f), plus interest on the net amount from the Effective Time to the date of
payment at the Agreed Upon Interest Rate. Nordson will notify the
Shareholders of any such set-off and, in the event of a dispute, will deposit
the disputed amount in escrow as provided in Section 13(f).    -2-   7 
3. Adjustment in Purchase Price. The purchase price will be adjusted
as follows:   (a) Preparation of Effective Time Statement. Within
sixty (60) days after the Effective Time, Nordson will prepare and deliver to
the Shareholders a statement (the "Preliminary Effective Time Statement")
showing the combined tangible assets and the liabilities of the EFD Entities
immediately after the Effective Time, as well as the amount of any increase
or decrease in the purchase price proposed by Nordson. The Preliminary
Effective Time Statement will be prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), and, to the extent permitted by
GAAP, will be prepared on a basis consistent with the audited combined
balance sheet of the EFD Entities as of December 31, 1999 attached as part of
Schedule 5(d) - Financial Statements (the "December 31, 1999 Balance Sheet").
In preparing the Preliminary Effective Time Statement, (i) intercompany
accounts between any EFD Entities and the liability associated with payments
to the holders of Phantom Stock will be excluded and (ii) the one-half of the
premium for the Environmental Insurance will be included as an expense
accrual and no prepaid expense or other asset will be included with respect
to the Environmental Insurance. In addition, the tangible assets to be shown
in the Preliminary Effective Time Statement will not include the assets
listed in Exhibit 3(a)(i) - Excluded Assets (the "Excluded Assets").   (b)
Dispute Resolution. The Shareholders will have a period of sixty (60) days
after delivery of the Preliminary Effective Time Statement to notify Nordson
of any amount or item in the Preliminary Effective Time Statement that he,
she, or it disputes. Nordson agrees to make available to the Shareholders,
promptly at their request, all workpapers, schedules and calculations related
thereto. If the Shareholders fail to notify Nordson of a dispute within the
applicable sixty (60) day period, the Shareholders will be deemed to have
accepted the Preliminary Effective Time Statement as delivered by Nordson. If
the Shareholders notify Nordson of a dispute within the applicable sixty (60)
day period, Nordson and the Shareholders will endeavor in good faith to
resolve the dispute on an amicable basis. If Nordson and the Shareholders
are unable to resolve any such dispute within thirty (30) days after
the Shareholders notify Nordson of the dispute, either party may refer the
dispute for resolution to the office of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an
independent accounting firm, in Providence, Rhode Island. Any determination
by the independent accounting firm, in the absence of manifest error, will
be conclusive and binding on the parties, without any right of appeal
therefrom, and will be specifically enforceable by the parties. Each of the
parties hereto will bear all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection
with such arbitration, except that the fees and expenses of the accounting
firm will be borne by the parties so that the Shareholders\' share of such
fees and expenses equals the product of (x) and (y), where (x) is the
aggregate amount of such fees and expenses and (y) is a fraction, the
numerator of which is the amount in dispute that is ultimately unsuccessfully
disputed by the Shareholders (as determined by the    -3-  
8 accounting firm), and the denominator of which is the total value in
dispute, and Nordson will bear the balance of such fees and expenses. (The
Preliminary Effective Time Statement, as accepted by the Shareholders or
adjusted to reflect the resolution of any dispute, is hereinafter referred to
as the "Effective Time Statement.")   (c) Adjustment. If the Effective Time
Tangible Net Equity is less than the Peg Amount, the amount of the purchase
price to be paid by Nordson to the Shareholders will be decreased by the
amount by which the Peg Amount exceeds the Effective Time Tangible Net
Equity. If the Effective Time Tangible Net Equity is more than the Peg Amount
plus Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00), the amount of the purchase
price to be paid by Nordson to the Shareholders will be increased by the
amount by which the Effective Time Tangible Net Equity exceeds the Peg Amount
plus Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00). If the Effective Time
Tangible Net Equity equals or exceeds the Peg Amount, but does not exceed the
Peg Amount by more than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00), the
amount of the purchase price to be paid by Nordson to the Shareholders will
not be adjusted. For this purpose, "Effective Time Tangible Net Equity" means
the excess of (i) the book value of the tangible assets of the EFD Entities
as of the Effective Time, as shown in the Effective Time Statement, over (ii)
the book value of the liabilities of the EFD Entities as of the Effective
Time, as shown in the Effective Time Statement. "Peg Amount" means Seventeen
Million Dollars ($17,000,000.00); except that, if it is determined (using the
dispute resolution mechanism of Section 3(b) if necessary) that a mistake was
made in the December 31, 1999 Balance Sheet and that the amount of the
tangible net equity of the EFD Entities (after elimination of the Excluded
Assets) as of December 31, 1999, determined in accordance with GAAP
is actually greater than the tangible net equity (after elimination of the
Excluded Assets) shown in the December 31, 1999 Balance Sheet, then the "Peg
Amount" will be Seventeen Million Dollars ($17,000,000.00) plus the amount by
which the tangible net equity of the EFD Entities (after elimination of the
Excluded Assets) as of December 31, 1999, exceeds the tangible net equity
(after elimination of the Excluded Assets) shown in the December 31, 1999
Balance Sheet.   4. Ownership of the EFD Shares. Mr. Carter and Mrs. Carter
jointly and severally represent and warrant to Nordson that they own
beneficially and of record the number of EFD Shares set forth opposite their
names in Schedule5(c) - Capitalization, and that they have the right to
transfer to Nordson beneficial and record ownership of those EFD Shares, free
and clear of any lien, pledge, charge, equity, encumbrance, or claim. The
Trusts, jointly and severally represent and warrant to Nordson that the
Trusts own beneficially and of record the number of EFD Shares set forth
opposite the name of each Trust in Schedule5(c) - Capitalization, and that
each of them has the right to transfer to Nordson beneficial and record
ownership of those EFD Shares, free and clear of any lien, pledge, charge,
equity, encumbrance, or claim. The Shareholders, jointly and severally
represent and warrant to Nordson that the EFD Shares owned by the
Shareholders constitute all of the outstanding EFD Shares.    -4-   9 
5. General Representations and Warranties by the Shareholders.
The Shareholders further jointly and severally represent and warrant to
Nordson as follows:   (a) Organization; Corporate Power; No
Subsidiaries; Directors and Officers. Each EFD Entity is an entity duly
organized under the laws of the state, province and/or country set forth
opposite its name on Schedule 5(a) - Organization; Directors and Officers,
and each EFD Entity has all requisite corporate power and authority to own or
lease its properties and assets and to conduct its business as it is
presently being conducted. Schedule 5(a) sets forth each state or
jurisdiction in which each EFD Entity maintains an office, has employees, or
owns or leases property and sets forth each state or jurisdiction where each
EFD Entity is qualified to do business as a foreign entity. Except as set
forth in Schedule 5(a), no EFD Entity is required to be qualified to do
business as a foreign entity in any other jurisdiction except those
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified would not result in
a Material Adverse Change (as hereinafter defined) and each EFD Entity is in
good standing in each foreign jurisdiction in which it is so qualified.
Except as set forth in Schedule 5(a), no EFD Entity is a successor to any
other corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5(a), no EFD Entity owns any capital stock
of, or other equity interest in, any corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, or other entity. The directors and officers of each EFD Entity
are set forth in Schedule 5(a).   (b) No Conflict. Except as set forth in
Schedule 5(b) - Conflicts, neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, nor the completion of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, will (i) violate, conflict with, or constitute a default (or an
event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default)
under any agreement or commitment (including any agreement or commitment made
in connection with a proposed sale or other disposition of any of the EFD
Entities to any person or organization other than Nordson, whether through a
sale of assets or stock, a merger, or other business combination) to which
any of the Shareholders or any of the EFD Entities (collectively, the "EFD
Parties") is a party or by which any of them may be bound, (ii) violate any
law, rule, or regulation, or any judgment, decree, or order, of any court or
other governmental body, applicable to any of the EFD Parties, (iii) result
in any Encumbrance (as defined in Section 5(i)) upon the EFD Shares or any of
the assets of the EFD Entities, or (iv) violate or be in conflict with any
provision of the organizational or governance documents of any EFD
Entity.   (c) Capitalization. Schedule 5(c) - Capitalization sets forth for
each EFD Entity (i) the authorized capital stock and (ii) the number of
shares of capital stock outstanding. Except as set forth in Schedule 5(c),
no EFD Entity has any other equity security of any class authorized,
issued, reserved for issue or outstanding. Except as set forth on Schedule
5(c), there are (A) no outstanding options, offers, warrants, conversion
rights, contracts, agreements or other rights to subscribe for or to purchase
from any EFD Entity, or agreements obligating any EFD Entity to issue,
transfer or sell (whether formal   -5-   10 or informal, written or
oral, firm or contingent), shares of capital stock or other securities of any
EFD Entity (whether debt, equity or a combination of debt and equity) or
obligating any EFD Entity to grant, extend or enter into any such agreement
and (B) no agreements or other understandings (whether formal or informal,
written or oral, firm or contingent) which require or may require any EFD
Entity to repurchase any of its capital stock. There are no preemptive
or similar rights with respect to any EFD Entity\'s capital stock. Except as
set forth in Schedule 5(c), no EFD Party is a party to any voting agreements,
voting trusts, proxies or any other agreements, instruments or understandings
with respect to the voting of any shares of the capital stock of any EFD
Entity, or any agreement with respect to the transferability, purchase or
redemption of any shares of the capital stock of any EFD Entity.   (d)
Financial Statements of the EFD Entities; No Undisclosed Liabilities.
Attached to this Agreement as Schedule 5(d) - Financial Statements are the
following financial statements of the EFD Entities (collectively,
the "Financial Statements"): (i) audited combined balance sheets of the EFD
Entities as of December 31, 1999, 1998, and 1997, (ii) audited combined
income statements of the EFD Entities for the years ended December 31, 1999,
1998, and 1997, (iii) unaudited balance sheets of each EFD Entity as of July
31, 2000 (the "July 31, 2000 Balance Sheets"), and (iv) unaudited income
statements of each EFD Entity for the seven months ended July 31, 2000. These
Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a
consistent basis, subject, in the case of the July 31, 2000 financial
statements, to normal year-end adjustments that are not material in amount
and the absence of footnotes. The balance sheets included in these Financial
Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial position of
each EFD Entity as of their respective dates, and the income statements
fairly present in all material respects the results of operations of each EFD
Entity for the periods indicated. No EFD Entity has any liabilities or loss
contingencies required to be disclosed in the Financial Statements (including
footnote disclosure) in accordance with GAAP, except for liabilities shown in
the July 31, 2000 Balance Sheets and current liabilities, not unusual in
nature or amount, incurred by any EFD Entity in the ordinary course of
business since July 31, 2000. At the Effective Time, no EFD Entity will have
any such liabilities or loss contingencies except for liabilities to be shown
in the Effective Time Statement.   (e) Real Estate.   (i) Except Permitted
Encumbrances, each EFD Entity has good and valid title to the real property
identified as owned by it on Schedule 5(e)(i) - Owned Real Estate (the "Owned
Real Property"). No EFD Entity has agreed to purchase, nor is it obligated to
purchase, from a third party any other real property. As of the Effective
Time, the Owned Real Property will be free and clear of all Encumbrances
other than Permitted Encumbrances (each as defined in Section 5(i)). The
Owned Real Property represents all of the real property owned by the EFD
Entities.    -6-   11  (ii) Each EFD Entity is a tenant under leases
(individually, a "Lease," and, collectively, the "Leases") as identified on
Schedule 5(e)(ii) - Leases, which Leases pertain to the real property
described on Schedule 5(e)(ii) (the "Leased Real Property"). No EFD Entity
leases any other real property. Each EFD Entity has previously delivered or
made available to Nordson a true and complete copy of each Lease, and any
other agreements related thereto, and, except to the extent reflected in such
other agreements or as otherwise approved in writing by Nordson, the Leases
have not been supplemented, modified or terminated, and no condition exists
with respect to the Leases that, with the passage of time or giving of
notice, or both, would constitute a default by any EFD Entity under the
Leases. Except as set forth on Schedule 5(e)(ii), no EFD Entity is required
to obtain any third party consents required under the Leases for the EFD
Entity to consummate the transactions contemplated herein. The Owned Real
Property and Leased Real Property are hereinafter collectively referred to as
the "Real Property."   (iii) Except as set forth on Schedule 5(e)(iii) -
Exclusive Possession of Owned Real Property, the EFD Entities are in
exclusive possession of the Owned Real Property. None of the material
structures on the Owned Real Property encroaches upon real property of
another person or entity, and no structure of any other person or entity
encroaches upon any of the Owned Real Property. To the best knowledge of the
EFD Parties, the buildings and other structures and improvements located on
the Owned Real Property are not subject to any material structural defects,
and the Shareholders have delivered to Nordson a written report from a
structural engineer to this effect with respect to the Owned Real Property
located in Rhode Island. Except as set forth on Schedule 5(e)(iii), there are
no adverse or other parties in possession of the Owned Real Property or any
portion or portions thereof, and the Owned Real Property is free and clear of
any and all leases, licenses, occupants, or tenants other than the EFD
Entities. There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the EFD Parties,
threatened actions by any governmental entity, or similar proceedings, or
litigation or other proceedings affecting the Owned Real Property or any
portion or portions thereof. All water, sewer, gas, electric, telephone,
drainage, and other utility equipment, facilities, and services required by
law or necessary for the operation of the Owned Real Property as presently
operated are installed and connected pursuant to valid permits, and no notice
has been received by or served on the EFD Parties regarding the termination
or material impairment of any such service. All easements necessary for
normal operations on the Owned Real Property as presently conducted exist and
are in full force and effect.    -7-   12  (iv) The Owned Real Property
is contiguous to and has direct vehicular and pedestrian access to public
roads or otherwise has direct vehicular and pedestrian access to public roads
by perpetual, appurtenant and insurable easements, providing access to such
roads for entry to and exit from all plants, buildings and structures
thereon, and further has access to all appropriate public utilities, in each
case to the extent necessary for the conduct of the business of the EFD
Entities as presently conducted.   (v) The business of the EFD Entities as
presently conducted is an allowable use of the Owned Real Property under all
current zoning requirements, including, without limitation, those pertaining
to parking. The Owned Real Property currently satisfies in all material
respects all fire, safety, and building code requirements. The EFD Entities
have all occupancy permits required for their current operations, and no new
permits and no building inspections will be required or result from the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the best knowledge of the EFD
Parties, there are neither any (i) applications, ordinances, petitions,
resolutions or other matters pending before any governmental authority having
jurisdiction to act on zoning changes that would prohibit or make
nonconforming the use of any of the Owned Real Property as presently
conducted nor (ii) any pending or threatened compulsory purchase or
demolition proceedings relating to the Owned Real Property, or proposed sale
in lieu thereof.   (f) Inventory of the EFD Entities. The value of
all inventory, including parts inventory, work in process, subassembly
inventory, and finished goods to be shown in the Effective Time Statement
that is slow moving (held for two years or more), excessive, or obsolete will
be written down to the lower of cost or net realizable market value in
accordance with GAAP. All of the inventory to be shown in the Effective Time
Statement that is not written down to the lower of cost or net realizable
market value will be in generally good and merchantable condition and usable
or saleable in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices. Each EFD Entity has good title to all of its inventory, free and
clear of any Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances. The inventory is
of a quality, quantity, and mix for such items consistent with the prior
business practices of each EFD Entity.   (g) Accounts Receivable. All of the
accounts receivable shown in the July 31, 2000 Balance Sheets, including
trade receivables, represent valid claims for goods sold or services rendered
by the respective EFD Entity (and all such accounts receivable to be shown in
the Effective Time Statement will represent such valid claims). The aggregate
amount of the accounts receivable, minus the sum of (i) the allowance for bad
debts that is shown in the Effective Time Statement and (ii) the amount of
any recovery on previously written off accounts receivable, will be collected
within six months after the Effective Time. If and to the extent that Nordson
recovers indemnification from the Shareholders    -8-   13 for a
failure to collect any such accounts receivable, Nordson will cause
the appropriate EFD Entity to assign the uncollected accounts receivable,
together with all previously written off accounts receivable, to the
appropriate Shareholders. If more than one invoice is outstanding for any
customer, any payment received from the customer will be first applied
against the oldest invoice, unless the payment clearly relates to a more
recent invoice. A receivable shall be deemed uncollected only to the extent
it is a bad debt, i.e. relates to an obligation on the part of the customer
to pay for products accepted and retained by the customer. A bad debt will
not arise by operation of a "credit memo" issued by an EFD Entity for the
benefit of a customer in the ordinary course, consistent with its past
practice.   (h) Actions in Ordinary Course of Business; No Material Adverse
Change. Except as set forth on Schedule 5(h) - Certain Changes or otherwise
authorized by this Agreement, since July 31, 2000, each EFD Entity has:  
(i) Operated its business in the ordinary course as previously and ordinarily
conducted and has not incurred any debt or liability, or entered into any
contract, except in the ordinary course.   (ii) Used all reasonable efforts
to maintain its relationships with employees, distributors, sales
representatives, customers, suppliers, and others with whom it has business
relations.   (iii) Not declared, paid, or agreed to declare or pay
any dividend.   (iv) Not redeemed or agreed to redeem any EFD Shares or
other equity interests in any EFD Entity.   (v) Not issued or agreed to
issue any EFD Shares or other equity interests in any EFD Entity or any
options, warrants, convertible securities, or other rights to acquire EFD
Shares or other equity interests in any EFD Entity.   (vi) Paid trade
creditors in accordance with its normal credit terms and collected from
account debtors in accordance with its normal collection practices.   (vii)
Not increased the compensation or benefits (including any severance or change
in control benefits) of any directors, officers, or employees, other than
normal merit increases for employees who are not directors or officers that
are consistent in nature and amount with past practices.    -9-   14 
(viii) Not entered into or amended any agreement between an EFD Entity, on
the one hand, and any of the Shareholders or any person or organization
related to them, on the other.  Since July 31, 2000, there has not been any
material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations or
business of the EFD Entities, taken as a whole (a "Material Adverse
Change").   (i) Title to Property. Except for equipment subject
to financing leases or as described in Schedule 5(i) - Title Matters, each
EFD Entity has good and marketable title to all of its assets, including the
assets reflected in the July 31, 2000 Balance Sheets (except for inventory
sold and accounts receivable collected since July 31, 2000 in the ordinary
course of business), free and clear of any charge, equity, security interest,
lien, pledge, mortgage, restriction, option, or claim ("Encumbrance"), other
than Permitted Encumbrances. At the Effective Time, each EFD Entity will have
good and marketable title to all of its assets, including the assets
reflected in the Effective Time Statement, free and clear of any Encumbrance,
other than Permitted Encumbrances. Schedule 5(i) identifies any binders of
title insurance, title insurance policies, or title opinions or reports that
are in the possession of any of the EFD Parties and relate to any of the
assets owned by the EFD Entities; the Shareholders have previously delivered
or made available to Nordson copies of all such binders, policies, and
opinions. Except for the Excluded Assets and as set forth on Schedule 5(i),
neither the Shareholders or any person or organization related to them owns
any of the assets or rights that are used in or useful to the business of any
EFD Entity. The assets owned by the EFD Entities, together with assets held
under any valid and subsisting licenses or leases, comprise all assets
necessary for the continuation of the respective businesses of the EFD
Entities as now carried on. "Permitted Encumbrances" means (a) Encumbrances
for taxes due but not yet payable as of the applicable date, (b) Encumbrances
arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business, such as
mechanics\' liens, materialmen\'s liens, carriers\' liens,
warehouseman\'s liens, and similar liens, none of which are substantial in
character, amount or extent and none of which materially detract from the
value or materially interfere with the present use of the asset to which such
Encumbrance attaches, (c) Encumbrances reflected on the July 31, 2000 Balance
Sheets or incurred in the ordinary course of business since that date and
reflected in the Effective Time Statement, (d) matters of title respecting
the Owned Real Property listed as exceptions on those title insurance
policies set forth on Schedule 5(i), (e) pledges or deposits under workers\'
compensation or similar laws, unemployment insurance or other types of social
security or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations,
bonds, bids, leases, contracts and similar obligations, (f) all rights
reserved to or vested in any governmental authority to control or regulate
any Real Property or interest therein, and (h) with respect to the Leased
Real Property, Encumbrances arising pursuant to the terms of the applicable
Lease. Subject to the limitations in Sections 12, 13(c), 13(d), 13(e) and
13(g), the Shareholders will jointly and severally indemnify Nordson against
any Losses (as defined in Section 13(a)) incurred by Nordson or any EFD
Entity as a result of any Permitted Encumbrances that represent liabilities,
whether fixed or contingent, of any   -10-   15 EFD Entity as of the
Effective Time that are not reflected in the Effective Time Statement.  
(j) No Litigation or Claims; No Governmental Investigation. Schedule 5(j) -
Litigation describes all pending and, to the best knowledge of the EFD
Parties, threatened actions, suits, claims (including products
liability claims but excluding warranty claims in the ordinary course of
EFD\'s business) or proceedings against any EFD Entity or any Shareholder in
relation to any EFD Entity, any of its assets, or the EFD Shares and, to the
best knowledge of the EFD Parties, there exist no facts or circumstances
which reasonably could be anticipated to result in any such action, suit,
claim or proceeding. To the best knowledge of the EFD Parties, no EFD Entity
is the subject of any investigation or inquiry by any governmental authority.
No third party has asserted, and to the best knowledge of the EFD Parties, no
third party has a valid basis upon which to assert, any claim against any EFD
Entity that, individually or in the aggregate, will result in, or would
reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Change.   (k)
Product Warranties. The standard warranty given by each EFD Entity for
products manufactured or sold by it is set forth in Schedule 5(k) - Product
Warranties. Schedule 5(k) also describes any warranty given by any EFD Entity
that varies in any material respect from the standard warranty. The Effective
Time Statement will include a reserve for product liabilities and warranty
claims; the amount of the reserve will be determined in accordance
with GAAP.   (l) Contracts, Leases, and Licenses. Schedule 5(l) - Contract
List identifies and describes the subject matter of each of
the following:   (i) Any contract with a customer or supplier that provides
for the purchase or sale of more than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) in
goods or services in any twelve (12) month period.   (ii) Any contract with
a sales representative, sales agent, or distributor.   (iii) Any contract
that limits an EFD Entity\'s right to compete, or to sell or distribute
products, in any territory.   (iv) Any lease for real property.   (v) Any
personal property lease with annual rentals in excess of Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($50,000).   (vi) Any partnership or joint venture contract.  
(vii) Any contract between an EFD Entity, on the one hand, and any of the
Shareholders or any person or organization related to them, on    -11-  
16 the other, and any guaranty or other security given by an EFD Entity for
any obligation of any of the Shareholders or any such related person
or organization.   (viii) Any contract governing or securing indebtedness
for borrowed money, bank overdrafts, or letters of credit.   (ix) Any
proposal, offer, letter of intent, agreement in principal, agreement to
negotiate, or other commitment by any of the Shareholders or any EFD Entity
relating to a potential sale or other disposition of an EFD Entity, whether
through a sale of assets or stock, a merger, or other business
combination.   (x) Any contract or agreement that was not negotiated
at "arm\'s length".   (xi) Any contract or agreement that contains change-
in-control provisions.  Except as described on Schedule 5(l), neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the performance by the
Shareholders of their obligations under this Agreement, will result in the
breach of, or give rise to a right of termination under, any of these
contracts, leases, or licenses. Except as described on Schedule 5(l), each of
these contracts, leases, and licenses is valid and in full force and effect,
each EFD Entity has performed all obligations required to be performed by it
thereunder, and, to the best knowledge of the Shareholders, all of the other
parties thereto have performed all obligations required to be performed by
them thereunder. Except as stated on Schedule 5(l), to the best knowledge of
the EFD Parties, none of these contracts, leases, or licenses will be
canceled before the end of its term.   (m) Intellectual Property.   (i)
Schedule 5(m) - Intellectual Property identifies the following: all (A)
Intellectual Property Rights (as defined in subsection (x) below) owned by
the EFD Entities, (B) unexpired licenses or other agreements relating to
Intellectual Property Rights owned in whole or in part by the EFD Entities
that have been granted by any EFD Entity to any other person or organization,
and (C) other licenses or agreements relating to Intellectual Property Rights
to which any EFD Entity is a party or bound, together with a list of all
Encumbrances affecting, and rights of third parties to use, such Intellectual
Property Rights.   (ii) Schedule 5(m) also identifies the following: all
(A) Intellectual Property Rights not owned by the EFD Entities that are used
by     -12-   17 an EFD Entity in its business, (B) Intellectual
Property Rights that are owned by any of the Shareholders or any person or
organization related to the them, that are used in or useful to the business
of any EFD Entity, and (C) unexpired licenses or other agreements relating to
Intellectual Property Rights not owned by the EFD Entities that have been
granted to an EFD Entity by any other person or organization, including the
Shareholders. Except as set forth in Schedule 5(m), each EFD Entity possesses
a valid and subsisting license to use all Intellectual Property Rights not
owned by that EFD Entity that are used by that EFD Entity in its business,
and all such licenses are free and clear of all Encumbrances.   (iii) The
Shareholders have delivered or made available to Nordson copies of all
licenses or agreements referred to in Sections 5(m)(i) and 5(m)(ii),
including any applicable supplements and amendments. Each of these licenses
or agreements is valid and in full force and effect, each EFD Entity has
performed all of its obligations under the licenses and agreements, and,
to the best knowledge of the Shareholders, all of the other parties to the
licenses and agreements have also performed all of their respective
obligations.   (iv) Except as set forth in Schedule 5(m), each EFD
Entity owns or has the right to use all of the Intellectual Property Rights
used by it in its business. Such ownership and right to use is free and clear
of all Encumbrances. As to the Intellectual Property Rights owned by any EFD
Entity, that EFD Entity has the unrestricted right to license such
Intellectual Property Rights to others.   (v) Each EFD Entity has taken all
reasonable steps to safeguard and maintain the secrecy and confidentiality
of, or its proprietary rights in, all of the Intellectual Property Rights
owned or used by it. Except as set forth on Schedule 5(m), each EFD Entity
has obtained confidentiality and invention assignment agreements in one of
the two forms attached to Schedule 5(m) from all past and present employees
involved in the creation or development of the Intellectual Property Rights
owned or used by that EFD Entity.   (vi) Except for licenses and agreements
listed in Schedule 5(m) as royalty bearing, there are no royalties,
honoraria, fees, or other payments payable by any EFD Entity to any person or
organization by reason of the ownership, use, license, sale, or disposition
of any Intellectual Property Rights, other than maintenance and prosecution
fees payable to governmental bodies.   (vii) No EFD Entity is infringing
the right or claimed right of   -13-   18 any other person or
organization with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights. To the best
knowledge of the EFD Parties, the use by the EFD Entities of the Intellectual
Property Rights anticipated to derive from research and development projects
being conducted by the EFD Entities will not infringe the right or claimed
right of any other person or organization with respect to any Intellectual
Property Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 5(m), no EFD Entity has
received notice of, any alleged or claimed infringement by any other person
or organization with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights that relate
to any product or process manufactured, used, sold, or under development by
or for any EFD Entity in connection with or in any way relating to
the business of any EFD Entity.   (viii) None of the Shareholders nor any
independent contractors who have performed services for any EFD Entity has
any right, title, or interest in the Intellectual Property Rights owned or
used by any EFD Entity.   (ix) The execution, delivery, and performance of
this Agreement, and the completion of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, will not (A) breach, violate, or conflict with any
agreement governing the Intellectual Property Rights owned or used by any EFD
Entity, (B) cause the forfeiture or termination of, or give rise to a right
of forfeiture or termination of, any license or other right to use
Intellectual Property Rights that are used by any EFD Entity in its business,
or (C) impair the right of any EFD Entity after the Effective Time to use,
sell, license, or dispose of any of Intellectual Property Rights that are
owned by any EFD Entity or used by any EFD Entity in its business.   (x)
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Intellectual Property Rights" means
any and all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to
patents, patent applications, patent rights, trademarks, trademark
applications, trade names, service marks, service mark applications, domain
names, copyrights, copyright applications, publication rights,
computer programs and other computer software (including source codes and
object codes), inventions, know how, trade secrets, technology, proprietary
processes, and formulae.   (n) Employee Benefits; No Union. Schedule 5(n) -
Employee Benefits identifies and describes all incentive compensation, health
and welfare, disability, life insurance, severance, retirement, pension, and
other benefit plans and arrangements maintained by the EFD Entity for present
or former employees of each EFD Entity or their dependents. Each such plan
or arrangement is in substantial compliance with law and has been
administered substantially in accordance with law and the provisions of the
plan or arrangement. Except as set forth on Schedule 5(n), no EFD Entity is
obligated to provide    -14-   19 any retiree health or welfare
benefits to any present or former employees or their dependents for periods
extending beyond their retirement or other termination of service, other than
coverage mandated by applicable federal or state law. Schedule 5(n)
identifies and describes all employment, consulting, or severance agreements
or arrangements (whether written or oral) to which each EFD Entity is a
party. Schedule 5(n) also describes the way in which each EFD Entity funds,
or insures against, workers\' compensation liabilities. Except as set forth
on Schedule 5(n), the sale and purchase of shares pursuant to this Agreement
will not result in the vesting or acceleration of any benefits for present or
former employees of any EFD Entity or their dependents. None of the employees
of any EFD Entity is represented by a labor union, and, to the best knowledge
of the EFD Parties, no effort is under way to bring any such employees into a
union. Except as reflected in the Effective Time Statement, no EFD Entity has
any liability, fixed or contingent, for employee benefits or other employment
matters, including employee bonuses, management bonuses, pensions, workers\'
compensation, and all other benefits, other than liabilities fully accrued or
reserved against in the July 31, 2000 Balance Sheets and current liabilities,
ordinary in nature and amount, accrued since that date in the ordinary course
of business. At the Effective Time, no EFD Entity will have any liability,
fixed or contingent, for employee benefits or other employment matters,
including employee bonuses, management bonuses, pensions,
workers\' compensation, all other benefits and accruals for vacation and sick
pay, other than liabilities to be fully accrued or reserved against in the
Effective Time Statement.   (o) Compliance with Laws. Each EFD Entity
complies with all applicable laws, including but not limited to laws relating
to employment practices, product safety, and safety in the work place. No EFD
Entity has (and at the Effective Time will not have) any liability, fixed or
contingent, for a violation of any laws applicable to it. This representation
does not cover compliance with those laws that are the subject of the
representations in Sections 5(a) (Organization), 5(e) (Real Estate), 5(n)
(Employment Benefits) and 5(p) (Taxes) or laws relating to environmental
protection or exposure to hazardous materials, which are covered by Section
7(g).   (p) Taxes. Each of EFD and EFDI has been a validly electing S
corporation within the meaning of Section 1361 and 1362 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), for at least ten
years and will be an S corporation up to the Effective Time, but will not be
a validly existing S corporation upon consummation of the purchase of the EFD
Shares at the Closing. Each EFD Entity has filed all Tax returns and reports
(including information returns and reports) ("Returns") required to be filed
by it on or before the date of this Agreement and has paid or withheld all
Taxes required to be paid or withheld with respect to Tax periods ending on
or before the date of this Agreement. As of the time of filing, all such
Returns correctly reflected the income (or other measure of Tax) and any
other information required to be shown thereon. Except as set forth in
Schedule 5(p) - Tax Matters, no agreements, waivers, or other arrangements
with any governmental authority providing for an extension of time for filing
any Returns or the assessment of any Tax or Tax deficiency is presently in
effect, no Tax deficiency has been    -15-   20 asserted by a
governmental authority, and no actions, suits, proceedings, investigations,
or claims are pending or, to the best knowledge of the EFD Parties,
threatened against any EFD Entity with respect to any Tax or assessment. No
EFD Entity has any liability for Taxes arising out of membership or
participation in any consolidated, affiliated, combined, or unitary
group. The last federal income tax Return of each EFD Entity audited by the
Internal Revenue Service is as set forth in Schedule 5(p). Accruals for Taxes
shown on the July 31, 2000 Balance Sheets are sufficient to cover all
liabilities, fixed or contingent, of each EFD Entity for Taxes attributable
to periods ending on or before July 31, 2000, including any liability arising
out of the underpayment of Taxes for any of those periods, and, since July
31, 2000, no EFD Entity has incurred any liability for Taxes that is unusual
in nature or amount. The Effective Time Statement will include accruals for
Taxes that are sufficient to cover all liabilities, fixed or contingent, of
each EFD Entity for Taxes attributable to periods ending on or before the
Effective Time, including any liability arising out of the underpayment of
Taxes for any of those periods. Any prepaid Taxes or other Tax assets
included in the July 31, 2000 Balance Sheets were (and any prepaid Taxes or
other Tax assets to be included in the Effective Time Statement will be)
properly recorded and reflect value to the appropriate EFD Entity in the
amount shown. All payments to the Shareholders have been properly
characterized for Tax purposes, and no EFD Entity has liability for Taxes
with respect to those payments. Except as set forth on Schedule 5(p), none of
the EFD Entities have, in the past 10 years, (i) acquired any assets
from another corporation in a transaction in which the EFD Entity\'s Tax
basis for the acquired assets was determined, in whole or in part, by
reference to the Tax basis of the acquired assets in the hands of the
transferor or (ii) acquired the stock of any corporation which is a qualified
subchapter S subsidiary. For purposes of this Section 5(p), "Taxes" includes
any federal, state, county, or local net income, profits, alternative or add-
on minimum, gross receipts, capital, estate, excise, property, sales, use,
import, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, license, social security,
unemployment insurance, workers\' compensation, withholding taxes, payroll,
and employment, premiums, and other amounts payable to a governmental
authority including costs, charges, interest, fines, penalties, and expenses
incidental or relating to such taxes.   (q) No Government Grant. No EFD
Entity has applied for or received any grant, subsidy, tax abatement, or
allowance from any governmental authority for which it may be liable for a
reduction, forfeiture, or repayment.   (r) Corporate and Other Proceedings.
All of the corporate and other proceedings of each EFD Entity are (and at the
Effective Time will be) proper and complete in all material respects and
reflect (and at the Effective Time will reflect) transactions by each EFD
Entity in a manner consistent in all material respects with law and the Tax
Returns filed by each EFD Entity and the Shareholders.   (s) Computer
Software and Databases. Schedule 5(s) - Computer Software and Databases
identifies all material computer software and databases owned, licensed,
leased, internally developed, or otherwise used in connection with the
business of each    -16-   21 EFD Entity ("Computer Software and
Databases"). Each EFD Entity owns, or has the right to use pursuant to valid
and subsisting licenses or leases, all Computer Software and Databases and
related documentation that are materially necessary to conduct its business
as presently conducted. The Computer Software and Databases perform in all
material respects in accordance with the documentation used in connection
therewith, are free in all material respects of defects in programming and
operation, and are fit in all material respects for the purposes for which
they are used. The Computer Software and Databases and all computer hardware
used by each EFD Entity process dates correctly, including
century recognition, calculations that accommodate same century and multi-
century formulas and date values, and interface values that reflect the
century and century changes.   (t) No Finder\'s Fee or Brokerage
Commission. No EFD Entity nor any Shareholder has any obligation to pay a
finder\'s fee or brokerage commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (u) No Other Representations or
Warranties. Nordson acknowledges that the representations and warranties made
in this Section 5 are the sole representations and warranties of the EFD
Parties made hereunder, and the only representations and warranties upon
which Nordson will be permitted to rely.   6. Representations and
Warranties by Nordson. Nordson represents and warrants to the Shareholders,
as follows:   (a) Organization; Standing; Corporate Power. Nordson is
a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Ohio and has the necessary corporate power to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this
Agreement.   (b) Authority. This Agreement been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action on the part of Nordson.   (c) No Conflict.
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the completion of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will (i) violate, conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event that, with notice or lapse of time
or both, would constitute a default) under any agreement or commitment
(including any commitment made in connection with a proposed sale or other
disposition of Nordson, whether through a sale of assets or stock, a merger,
or other business combination) to which Nordson is a party or by which it may
be bound, (ii) violate any law, rule, or regulation, or any judgment, decree,
or order, of any court or other governmental body, applicable to Nordson,
(iii) result in any Encumbrance upon any of the assets of Nordson, or (iv)
violate or be in conflict with any provision of the articles of incorporation
or regulations of Nordson.    -17-   22  (d) Financing. Nordson has
sufficient borrowing capacity to finance the payment of the purchase
price.   (e) No Finder\'s Fee or Brokerage Commission. Nordson has
no obligation to pay a finder\'s fee or brokerage commission in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   7. Covenants.  
(a) By the Shareholders. From the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, except as expressly provided in this Agreement or as otherwise agreed
in writing by Nordson, the Shareholders will:   (i) Operate Businesses in
Ordinary Course; Maintain Business Relationships; Etc. Cause each EFD Entity
(A) to operate its business in the ordinary course, as previously and
ordinarily conducted, (B) to use all reasonable efforts to maintain its
relationships with employees, distributors, sales representatives, customers,
suppliers, and others with whom it has business relations, (C) not to
declare, pay, or agree to declare or pay any dividends, except as provided in
Section 7(f), (D) not to redeem or agree to redeem any EFD Shares or other
equity interests in any EFD Entity, (E) not to issue or agree to issue any
EFD Shares, any other equity interests in any EFD Entity, or any options,
warrants, or other rights to purchase EFD Shares or other equity interest in
any EFD Entity, (F) to pay trade creditors in accordance with each EFD
Entity\'s normal credit terms and to collect from account debtors in
accordance with each EFD Entity\'s normal collection practices, (G) not to
borrow any funds in amounts exceeding normal working capital requirements,
(H) not to change the compensation or benefits (including any severance or
change in control benefits) of its directors, officers, or employees, other
than normal merit increases to employees who are not directors or officers
that are consistent in nature and amount with past practices, (I) not to
enter into any contract, lease, or license of the type required to
be disclosed pursuant to Section 5(l) (Nordson will promptly respond to a
request to consent to any such contract, lease, or license and will not
unreasonably withhold its consent), (J) not to make any payments to any of
the Shareholders or any person or organization related to them, except for
the payment of compensation at existing rates in the ordinary course of
business and for the payment of rent under the existing lease for the Real
Property, and (K) from time to time to consult with Nordson about material
decisions affecting its business. Nordson acknowledges that it has approved
in concept an expansion of EFD\'s Lincoln facilities, although final plans
for that expansion have not been completed or approved by Nordson; the
Shareholders will not proceed with the expansion without Nordson\'s approval
of such plans, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld.   
-18-   23  (ii) Assist in Nordson\'s Investigation. Cause each EFD
Entity to continue to furnish Nordson with information about each EFD Entity
and its business, assets, and liabilities and to permit Nordson\'s
representatives to review its books and records; to talk with its employees
to facilitate consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and to
visit its facilities. Nordson will conduct its investigation in a manner that
does not disrupt the business of any EFD Entity and will preserve the
confidentiality of all information that it receives from each EFD Entity or
the Shareholders.   (iii) Patent Matters. Cause each EFD Entity to permit
Nordson to work with each EFD Entity in relation to its existing, pending,
and proposed patent portfolio (including patents and patents applications)
and to assist in the review and preparation of all registrations and filings
in connection therewith.   (b) By Both Parties.   (i) From the date of
this Agreement to the Effective Time, unless otherwise agreed in writing by
the parties, Nordson and the Shareholders will use all reasonable efforts to
satisfy their respective conditions to closing at or before October 30, 2000.
Nordson and the Shareholders will notify each other of any event that occurs,
or condition that comes to their attention, that may delay the Effective Time
or that constitutes a breach of their respective representations and
warranties in this Agreement and will use all reasonable efforts to mitigate
any such delay or to cure any such breach.   (ii) Without limiting the
foregoing, Nordson will, and the Shareholders will cause each EFD Entity to,
(A) make the filings required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (B) comply at the
earliest practicable date with any request by the Federal Trade Commission or
the Department of Justice for additional information or documents under the
HSR Act, and (C) cooperate with the other party in connection with making any
filing under the HSR Act and in connection with the resolution of any
investigation or other inquiry by the Federal Trade Commission, the
Department of Justice, or any other governmental authority.   (iii) Each
party will give prompt written notice to the others of any material adverse
development causing a breach of any of its own representations and warranties
in Section 4, 5 or 6. No disclosure by any party pursuant to this Section
7(b)(iii), however, shall be deemed to prevent or cure any misrepresentation
or breach of warranty.    -19-   24  (c) No Shop. The Shareholders will
not, and will cause each EFD Entity and each EFD Entity\'s directors,
officers, employees, agents, and advisors not to, solicit offers from,
negotiate with, execute agreements with, or provide non-public information
to, any party other than Nordson with respect to the possible sale or other
disposition of any EFD Entity, whether through a sale of stock or assets, a
merger, or other business combination. The Shareholders will, and will cause
each EFD Entity and its directors, officers, employees, agents, and advisors
to, cease any current discussions with any party other than Nordson
concerning any such sale or other disposition.   (d) Employment Agreements;
Carter Consulting Agreement. At the Effective Time, each of the persons
listed on Exhibit 7(d)(i) - List of Employees with Employment Agreements will
enter into an employment agreement with EFD in the form of Exhibit7(d)(ii) -
Form of Employment Agreements (the "Employment Agreements"), and Mr. Carter
and EFD will enter into a consulting agreement in the form of Exhibit
7(d)(iii) - Carter Consulting Agreement (the "Carter Consulting
Agreement").   (e) Section 338(h)(10) Election.   (i) Each of the EFD
Entities and the Shareholders will join with Nordson in making an election
under Section 338(h)(10) of the Code (and any corresponding election under
state and local tax laws) with respect to the purchase and sale of the EFD
Shares under this Agreement. Nordson and the Shareholders agree that, for
federal and state Tax purposes, the purchase and sale of the EFD Shares
pursuant to this Agreement will be treated as a purchase and sale of the
assets of each EFD Entity in accordance with the provisions of Code Section
338 generally and Code Section 338(h)(10) specifically. The Shareholders will
include any income, gain, loss deduction, or other Tax item resulting from
the Section 338(h)(10) election on their Tax returns to the extent required
by law.   (ii) The EFD Entities and the Shareholders will not revoke EFD\'s
election to be taxed as an S corporation under Sections 1361 and 1362 of the
Code and will not take any action (other than a sale of the EFD Shares
under this Agreement) that would result in the termination of EFD\'s or
EFDI\'s status as an S corporation.   (iii) Nordson and the Shareholders
agree that the fair market value of the assets of each EFD Entity for
purposes of allocating the consideration to be paid for, and the amount
realized on the sale of, the assets of the EFD Entities (the "Assets") in
accordance with the provisions of Code Sections 1060(a) and 338(b)(5) will be
as set forth in Exhibit 7(e) - Allocation of Purchase Price for Tax Purposes.
The fair market valuations    -20-   25 of the Assets agreed upon
pursuant to this Section 7(e) will be the fair market valuations of such
Assets for Tax purposes and will be binding upon the Shareholders and Nordson
as provided in this Agreement.   (iv) Neither the Shareholders nor Nordson
will take a position in any tax proceeding, tax audit or otherwise
inconsistent with the fair market values described in the preceding
paragraph; provided, however, that nothing contained herein will require the
Shareholders or Nordson to contest any challenge to such values beyond, or
otherwise than by the exhaustion of, administrative remedies before any
taxing authority or agency, and neither the Shareholders nor Nordson will be
required to litigate before any court any proposed deficiency or adjustment
by taxing authority agency which challenges such fair market values. In the
event that any claim is made by any taxing authority against either Nordson
or any EFD Entity on the one hand, or the Shareholders, on the other hand,
that, if successful, would have the effect of altering such fair market
values, then the party that is the subject of such claim (the "Involved
Party") will give notice thereof to the other party (the "Other Party") in
writing within the ten business days thereof. Thereafter, the Involved Party
will consider in good faith any request or suggestion by the Other Party for
any conference, hearing or proceeding relating to such contest, will (to the
extent it is feasible to do so) permit the Other Party to participate therein
at such Other Party\'s expense, will not object to such Other Party\'s
submission of briefs and memoranda of law relating thereto, and will provide
the Other Party with any relevant information reasonably requested by such
Other Party.   (v) Nordson and the Shareholders each agree to prepare
and file (and cause the EFD Entities to file, as applicable) all Internal
Revenue Service forms and the required schedules thereto, and all requisite
state and local forms and schedules (the "Forms") required to be filed by
either or both of them (or any EFD Entity) providing for treatment of the
purchase and sale of the EFD Shares as purchases and sales of Assets in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(e). Nordson will request in
writing from the Shareholders, or the Shareholders will request in writing
from Nordson, any information (reasonably within the knowledge or possession
of the Person from whom requested) necessary to complete the Forms, which
information will be provided no later than thirty days following any such
request. All such Forms will be prepared consistent with the fair market
valuations of the Assets determined under this Section 7(e).   (f) Excluded
Assets. Prior to the Effective Time, the Shareholders will cause EFD (or the
appropriate EFD Entity) to sell to the appropriate Shareholders or their
assignees those assets listed on Exhibit 3(a)(i) - Excluded Assets, and to
distribute all of    -21-   26 the cash and cash equivalents to the
Shareholders as dividends. Any liability of the EFD Entities (whether for
Taxes or otherwise) resulting from such transfer will be included as a
liability in the Effective Time Statement.   (g) Environmental Matters.  
(i) Environmental Audits; Remediation. Prior to the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, phase II environmental audits were completed with respect to
all of the Real Property at Nordson\'s expense. Copies of the audit reports
are attached as Exhibit 7(g)(i) - Environmental Audit Reports (the "Audit
Reports"). Such reports disclosed levels of arsenic at the Owned Real Estate
located at 823-825 Waterman Avenue, East Providence, Rhode Island and 977 and
985 Waterman Avenue, East Providence, Rhode Island in excess of
reportable levels under regulations issued by the Rhode Island Department of
Environmental Management (the "DEM"). EFD shall report such conditions to DEM
as required by such DEM regulations. Notwithstanding any provisions in this
Agreement to the contrary, any action taken by DEM in respect of or in
response to such reporting shall not constitute a Material Adverse Change or
other condition to Nordson\'s obligation to complete the purchase of the EFD
Shares under this Agreement.   (ii) Environmental Insurance. Nordson has
received a binder from Indian Harbor Insurance Company to provide insurance
against certain environmental risks (the "Environmental Insurance"). The
terms of the Environmental Insurance are as set forth in the binder attached
to Exhibit 7(g)(ii) - Terms of Environmental Insurance. Such coverage is
conditional only on consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
payment of the premium therefor. Nordson and EFD will each pay one-half (1/2)
of the premium for the Environmental Insurance. Subject to the limitation in
Section 13(c), the Shareholders and Nordson will share equally the amount of
the deductible for the Environmental Insurance, but only as and to the extent
that Nordson or EFD incurs losses, liabilities, or claims of the type that
would have been covered by the Environmental Insurance but for the
deductible. Except for its share of the premium and deductible for the
Environmental Insurance, the Shareholders will have no liability to Nordson
or EFD for environmental losses, liabilities, or claims, other than those
covered by Section 7(g)(iii).   (iii) Liability to Employees for Exposure to
Hazardous Materials and Substances. Subject to the limitations in Sections
12, 13(c), 13(d), 13(e) and 13(g), the Shareholders will jointly and
severally indemnify Nordson against any Losses (as defined in Section 13(a))
incurred by Nordson or EFD arising out of any exposure, prior to the   
-22-   27 Effective Time, of any employee of an EFD Entity to hazardous
materials or other substances during the course of his or her employment with
EFD. Nordson and EFD will be solely responsible for any Losses arising out of
any such exposure after the Effective Time.   (h) Nordson\'s Covenants.  
(i) Director and Officer Indemnification. Nordson agrees that all rights to
indemnification existing in favor of the present or former directors,
officers and employees of any EFD Entity (as such) or present or former
directors of any EFD Entity serving or who served at any EFD
Entity\'s request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or
other enterprise, as provided in such EFD Entity\'s charter or bylaws as in
effect on the date hereof, with respect to matters occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time, will survive the Effective Time and will continue in full
force and effect and without modification (other than modifications which
would enlarge the indemnification rights) for a period of not less than the
statutes of limitations applicable to such matters, and Nordson will comply
fully with its obligations hereunder and cause each EFD Entity to comply with
its obligations thereunder. In addition, Nordson will (or will cause each EFD
Entity to) periodically advance expenses as incurred with respect to the
foregoing (including with respect to any action to enforce rights to
indemnification or the advancement of expenses) to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law; provided, however, that the person to whom
the expenses are advanced provides an undertaking to repay such advance if it
is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Shareholder will be entitled to
indemnification from the EFD Entity for claims arising out of breach of this
Agreement or claims as to which such Shareholder is obligated to make an
indemnification payment under Section 13.   (ii) EFD Insurance. For a
period of eighteen (18) months following the Effective Time, Nordson will
cause each of the EFD Entities to continue in full force and effect those
insurance policies listed on Schedule 7(h)(ii)- Insurance Policies (the
"Insurance Policies"), except that Nordson or any EFD Entity may modify or
replace any Insurance Policy if such modification or replacement policy
provides (A) a comparable or greater scope of coverage, (B) comparable or
greater policy limits, and (C) a comparable or lower deductible.   (iii)
Payment of Accrued Bonuses. EFD pays annual incentive bonuses to employees,
and Schedule 5(n) sets forth the names of the executive and managerial
employees entitled to receive these bonuses for    -23-   28 year 2000
and the amount of the bonus accrued for each of them through the Effective
Time. Schedule 5(n) also includes an estimate of the aggregate
bonuses payable to all other employees of the EFD Entities. At the
instruction of the Shareholders, Nordson will cause EFD to pay some, all or
none of these accrued bonuses immediately prior to the Effective Time. The
Effective Time Statement will include an accrual in the amount of the accrued
bonuses. Any accrued bonuses not paid prior to the Effective Time will be
paid as soon as practicable after the Effective Time.   (iv) Employee
Benefits. For a period of three (3) years following the Effective Time,
Nordson will cause each of the EFD Entities to maintain the benefit plans and
arrangements listed on Schedule 5(n) (other than plans and arrangements
relating to cash compensation and bonuses), except that Nordson or any EFD
Entity may replace or modify any such plan or arrangement so long as such
replacement or modification does not result in a decrease in benefits, in the
aggregate, provided to the employees who participate in such plan or
arrangement.   (v) Phantom Stock. Immediately prior to the Closing,
Nordson will transfer the aggregate amount of $27,258,665.90 to EFD, and EFD
will pay to each holder of Phantom Stock of EFD (a "Phantom Stock Holder")
the amount set forth opposite his or her name on Exhibit 7(h)(v) - Payments
to Holders of Phantom Stock.   (vi) Access to Records. Nordson will, and
will cause each of the EFD Entities to, allow the Shareholders and their
representatives to have access to and obtain copies of all records reasonably
necessary to allow the Shareholders to prepare and file Tax returns with
respect to the operations of the EFD Entities for the period ending on the
Effective Time.   (vii) Arrangements with Contract Fusion. Nordson will
cause EFD to maintain for up to three (3) years, including all renewal
options, from the Effective Time, renewable annually during such three-year
period at the option of Contract Fusion, Inc. ("CFI"), on terms no less
favorable to CFI than as exist as of the date of this Agreement, the
arrangements with CFI with respect to (A) its lease of the facilities at 977
Waterman Avenue described on Schedule 5(e)(iii) (the language concerning
termination of such lease upon a change of control notwithstanding), (B)
administrative services, as described on Schedule 5(l)(vii), (C) the
Distributor Agreement set forth on Schedule 5(l)(ii) and (D) the intercompany
pricing described on Schedule 5(l)(vii), consistent with EFD\'s past
practice. CFI is an intended third party beneficiary of this covenant.   
-24-   29  8. Nordson\'s Conditions to Closing. Nordson\'s obligation to
complete the purchase of the EFD Shares under this Agreement is conditioned
upon the satisfaction or waiver by Nordson of the following conditions:  
(a) Performance of Obligations. The Shareholders have performed in all
material respects the obligations under this Agreement that are to be
performed by them at or before the Effective Time.   (b) Representations and
Warranties Are True. The representations and warranties made by the
Shareholders in this Agreement continue to be true in all material respects
on the Effective Time as though they were made as of the Effective Time,
without giving effect to any supplemental disclosure pursuant to Section
7(b)(iii), and Nordson has received from the Shareholders a certificate to
this effect dated as of the Effective Time.   (c) HSR Act. The waiting
period or periods under the HSR Act have expired or been terminated early,
and neither the Federal Trade Commission, the Justice Department, or any
other governmental authority has advised Nordson that it will seek to enjoin
the sale of the EFD Shares to Nordson under this Agreement, require any
significant divestiture by Nordson or any EFD Entity, or impose restrictions
on the operation of any business by Nordson or any EFD Entity.   (d)
Consents and Approvals. All material consents and approvals of third parties,
including governmental authorities, required in connection with the sale of
the EFD Shares to Nordson under this Agreement have been obtained.   (e)
Employment Agreements; Carter Consulting Agreement; Employee Agreements.
Those individuals listed on Exhibit 7(d)(i) have executed and delivered to
EFD the Employment Agreements, Mr. Carter has executed and delivered to EFD
the Carter Consulting Agreement and standard Nordson employee agreements have
been signed by substantially all other employees of the EFD Entities in the
following positions: marketing, sales, engineering, research and development,
and salaried supervisory and managerial personnel.   (f) Environmental
Insurance. Nordson has obtained the Environmental Insurance on the terms set
forth in Exhibit 7(g)(ii).   (g) Releases from Phantom Stock Holders. Each
Phantom Stock Holder has executed and delivered to Nordson and each of the
EFD Entities a release substantially in the form attached as Exhibit 8(g) -
Form of Phantom Stock Release.   9. The Shareholders\' Conditions to
Closing. The Shareholders\' obligation to complete the sale of shares under
this Agreement is conditioned upon the satisfaction or waiver by the
Shareholders of the following conditions:    -25-   30  (a) Performance
of Obligations. Nordson has performed in all material respects the
obligations under this Agreement that are to be performed by it at or before
the Effective Time.   (b) Representations and Warranties Are True.
The representations and warranties made by Nordson in this Agreement continue
to be true in all material respects as of the Effective Time as though they
were made at the Effective Time, without giving effect to any supplemental
disclosure pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii), and the Shareholders have received
from Nordson a certificate to this effect dated as of the Effective Time.  
(c) Employment Agreements; Carter Consulting Agreement. Nordson has executed
and delivered to those individuals listed on Exhibit 7(d)(i) the Employment
Agreements, and Nordson has executed and delivered to Mr. Carter the Carter
Consulting Agreement.   (d) HSR Act. The waiting period or periods under the
HSR Act have expired or been terminated early, and neither the Federal Trade
Commission, the Justice Department, or any other governmental authority has
advised any EFD Entity that it will seek to enjoin the sale of the EFD Shares
to Nordson under this Agreement, require any significant divestiture by
Nordson or any EFD Entity, or impose restrictions on the operation of any
business by Nordson or any EFD Entity.   (e) Environmental Insurance.
Nordson has obtained the Environmental Insurance on the terms set forth in
Exhibit 7(g)(ii).   (f) Releases from Phantom Stock Holders. Each Phantom
Stock Holder has executed and delivered to Nordson and each of the EFD
Entities a release substantially in the form attached as Exhibit 8(g) - Form
of Phantom Stock Release.   10. Closing; Effective Time.   (a) The
closing of the sale and purchase of shares pursuant to this Agreement will
occur within five business days after all of the conditions to closing have
been satisfied or waived, but not earlier than October 30, 2000, and will be
effective as of the opening of business on that date or such other date and
time as the parties may agree (the "Effective Time"). As of the Effective
Time, upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to closing, Nordson will
pay the Shareholders\' Portion, by wire transfer to an account designated by
each Shareholder and will pay EFD the portion of the Purchase Price to be
paid to the holders of Phantom Stock by wire transfer to an account
designated by EFD, upon receipt of the following:   (i) certificates for all
of the outstanding EFD Shares, duly endorsed for transfer to Nordson or
accompanied by duly executed stock powers; and    -26-   31  (ii) the
corporate minute, stock transfer, and other books and records of each EFD
Entity (duly written up to date).   (b) The parties will execute and deliver
all other documents, and take all further actions, necessary to complete the
sale and purchase of shares and to carry out the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) The parties acknowledge that time is
of the essence and, therefore, agree to use all reasonable efforts to
complete the sale and purchase of shares on or before October 30, 2000. Any
party may terminate this Agreement if the Effective Time does not occur on or
before October 30, 2000, unless the delay in the Effective Time results from
the failure, by the party seeking to terminate this Agreement, to perform
its, his, or her obligations under this Agreement. Subject to the provisions
of Sections 10(d) and (e), termination of this Agreement by any party will
not relieve the other party of any liability that he, she, or it may have for
a breach of the representations, warranties, or covenants made by him, her,
or it in this Agreement.   (d) In the event the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are not consummated by October 31, 2000 due to Nordson\'s
breach of its obligations under this Agreement, then the Shareholders shall
be entitled to the immediate payment of $5,000,000, plus interest from
October 31, 2000 to the date of payment at the Agreed Upon Interest Rate, as
liquidated damages (the "Liquidated Damages Amount"), which Liquidated
Damages Amount the parties agree is a fair and reasonably measure of the
damages that the Shareholders would sustain as a result of such termination.
The Shareholders shall be entitled to obtain specific enforcement of payment
of the Liquidated Damages Amount, plus attorneys\' fees and expenses, in a
court of competent jurisdiction.   (e) In the event Nordson has terminated
this Agreement due to the failure of the condition set forth in Section 8(b),
and such failure of condition has not been caused by any action on the part
of any of the EFD Parties between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time, the Agreement shall be null and void and Nordson shall have
no further recourse against the Shareholders.   11. Covenant Not to
Compete.   (a) For a period of seven (7) years from the Effective
Time, none of the Shareholders will: (i) anywhere in the United States or in
any other country in which any EFD Entity, Nordson, or any of their
subsidiaries sells products, own (except as the owner of not more than five
percent of any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange
or The Nasdaq Stock Market or comparable or successor market), manage,
operate, or control, directly or indirectly, or serve as a director, officer,
employee, agent, or consultant of, any business (other than any EFD Entity,
Nordson, or any of their    -27-   32 subsidiaries) that is engaged (A)
in the manufacture or sale of precision adhesive/fluid dispensing systems and
industrial grade dispense components or any other products that are similar
to, substitutes for, or competitive with equipment or products of any EFD
Entity, Nordson, or any of their subsidiaries or (B) in the development of
Intellectual Property Rights that are useful in the manufacture of any such
equipment or other products, or (ii) solicit any customers of any EFD Entity,
Nordson, or any of their subsidiaries for the sale of any such equipment or
other products.   (b) For a period of seven (7) years from the Effective
Time, none of the Shareholders will induce or attempt to induce any employee
of any EFD Entity, Nordson, or any of their subsidiaries to leave his or
her employment.   12. Survival of Representations, Warranties, and
Covenants. The representations, warranties, and covenants made by Nordson and
the Shareholders in this Agreement will survive the sale and purchase of EFD
Shares pursuant this Agreement and any investigation or inquiry made by them,
although any claim for indemnification with respect to the incorrectness or
breach of representations, warranties, or covenants must be brought within
the following periods:   (a) With respect to any covenants other than the
covenants in Sections 5(g) (Accounts Receivable), 5(i) (Title), and 7(g)(ii)
and (iii) (Environmental Liability to Employees), without limitation as to
time. With respect to the covenants in Sections 5(g), 5(i), and 7(g)(ii) and
(iii), within a period of 18 months following the Effective Time.   (b)
With respect to the representations and warranties in Sections 4 and 5(c),
without limitation as to time.   (c) With respect to the representations and
warranties in Section 5(p) (Taxes), and with respect to any matter that is
fraudulently or deliberately concealed by one party from another (which, in
the case of the Shareholders, will mean an intentional, knowing
misrepresentation by Mr. or Mrs. Carter), until two months after the lapse of
time specified in the applicable statute of limitation.   (d) With respect
to all representations and warranties not referred to in clause (b) or (c) of
this Section 12, within a period of 18 months following the Effective
Time.  Any claim brought within the periods described above will continue to
survive until it is resolved.   13. Indemnification.   (a)
Indemnification by the Shareholders. Subject to the limitations in Sections
12, 13(c), 13(d), 13(e) and 13(g), the Shareholders will jointly and
severally    -28-   33 indemnify Nordson against any expense, loss,
liability, or claim (including attorneys\' fees and reimbursable expenses)
(each a "Loss" and, collectively, "Losses") incurred by Nordson or any EFD
Entity by reason of (i) the incorrectness of any of the representations or
warranties made by the Shareholders in this Agreement, (ii) the failure of
the representations or warranties made by the Shareholders in this Agreement
(except those that speak as of a specific date) to continue to be true as of
the Effective Time as though they were made on the Effective Time, (iii) the
breach by the Shareholders of any of the covenants made by the them in this
Agreement, or (iv) any obligation to the Phantom Stock Holders as such,
including the method of determining the amount payable to each of them.  
(b) Indemnification by Nordson. Subject to the limitations in Sections 12 and
13(c) and 13(d), Nordson will indemnify the Shareholders against any Losses
incurred by the them by reason of (i) the incorrectness of any of the
representations or warranties made by Nordson in this Agreement, (ii) the
failure of the representations or warranties made by Nordson in
this Agreement (except those that speak as of a specific date) to continue to
be true as of the Effective Time as though they were made on the Effective
Time, or (iii) the breach by Nordson of any of the covenants made by Nordson
in this Agreement.   (c) Deductible. Nordson will not be entitled
to indemnification under Section 13(a)(i) or Section 13(a)(ii) for
the incorrectness of any of the representations or warranties made by
the Shareholders in this Agreement, and the Shareholders will not be entitled
to indemnification under Section 13(b)(i) or Section 13(b)(ii) for
the incorrectness of any of the representations or warranties made by Nordson
in this Agreement or for breach of any of the covenants in Sections 5(g),
5(i) and 7(g)(ii) and (iii), except to the extent that the aggregate amount
of the Losses for which it or they would otherwise be entitled to
indemnification under such sections of this Agreement exceeds Three Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00); any payments in respect of Nordson\'s or the
Shareholders\' portion of the deductible for Environmental Insurance pursuant
to Section 7(g)(ii) will be counted in determining whether this Three Hundred
Thousand Dollar ($300,000.00) deductible has been exhausted with respect to
Nordson and the Shareholders, respectively. This limitation does not apply to
indemnification for breach of any of the covenants made by Nordson or the
Shareholders in this Agreement, including the covenant to indemnify Nordson
under Section 13(a)(iii) and 13(a)(iv), but excluding the covenants in
Sections 5(g), 5(i), and 7(g)(ii) and (iii). This limitation does not apply
to indemnification for breach of the representations and warranties in
Section 4.   (d) Cap. The Shareholders will not be required to
pay indemnification under this Agreement in an aggregate amount that exceeds
Forty Million Dollars ($40,000,000.00). Any amount set-off by Nordson
pursuant to Section 13(f) and any amounts paid by the Shareholders with
respect to the deductible for the Environmental Insurance or in respect of
the premiums for Environmental Insurance will be counted in determining
whether this cap has been reached. Any indemnification to which Nordson   
-29-   34 may be entitled by reason of a breach of the representations and
warranties in Section 4, and any indemnification to which Nordson may be
entitled under Section 13(a)(iv), will not be counted in determining whether
this cap has been reached. Any obligation of Nordson to indemnify the
Shareholders under this Agreement for breach of the representations and
warranties made by Nordson to the Shareholders will not exceed the amount of,
and may be satisfied in full by the payment of, any portion of the purchase
price that has yet to be paid to the Shareholders under Section 2. There
shall be no limit to the obligation of Nordson to indemnify the Shareholders
for breach of any of the covenants made by Nordson in this Agreement.   (e)
Insurance. In determining the amount of any Loss for which a party is
entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, the gross amount of the
Loss will be reduced by the proceeds of any insurance collected by that party
with respect to the Loss, including without limitation, in the case of
indemnification under Section 7(g)(iii), the proceeds of any
workers\' compensation or other insurance. Nordson will be required to
recover from available insurance policies reimbursement on any Loss prior to
seeking indemnification for such Loss from the Shareholders under this
Agreement.   (f) Right to Set-Off. Nordson will be entitled to set-
off, against the amounts that it is required to pay to the Shareholders under
Section 2(d), the amount of any indemnification to which it is entitled under
this Agreement. Nordson will give written notice to the Shareholders of any
such set-off, and the Shareholders will have the right to contest any such
set-off within 30 days after receipt of the notice of set-off. If the
Shareholders so elect, they will have the right to submit the matter to
arbitration in accordance with Section 14(e). If the Shareholders contest any
such set-off, Nordson will, at the request of the Shareholders, deposit the
disputed amount in escrow with Chase Manhattan Trust Company, National
Association, or another escrow agent agreed to by the parties, pursuant to an
escrow agreement that is on terms acceptable to the parties. The fees and
expenses of any such escrow agent will be borne by the parties so that the
Shareholders\' share of such fees and expenses equals the product of (x) and
(y), where (x) is the aggregate amount of such fees and expenses and (y) is a
fraction, the numerator of which is the amount in dispute that is ultimately
unsuccessfully disputed by the Shareholders, and the denominator of which is
the total value in dispute, and Nordson will bear the balance of such fees
and expenses.   (g) Recovery from Trusts. Nordson will seek to
recover indemnification from the Trusts, over and above any set-off under
Section 13(f), only if and to the extent that it is unable, after having used
commercially reasonable efforts, to recover the full amount of the
indemnification from Mr. Carter and Mrs. Carter; for this purpose,
"reasonable commercial efforts" do not include the initiation of any action,
suit or proceeding other than arbitration under Section 14(e). Mr. Carter and
Mrs. Carter will, as trustees of the Trusts, cause the Trusts to retain an
aggregate of $25,000,000 in the Trusts until at least eighteen (18) months
after the Effective Time.    -30-   35  (h) Notice of Third-Party
Claims. If a third party asserts a claim for which any of the parties is
entitled to indemnification under Section 5(g), 5(i), 7(g)(ii) or (iii), or
13 (the "Indemnified Party"), the party against whom the claim is asserted
will give prompt notice of the claim to the party required to pay the
indemnification (the "Indemnifying Party"). The failure to give any such
notice will not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of his, her, or its
obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party, except to the extent such
failure to give notice has been prejudicial to the Indemnifying Party. The
Indemnifying Party will have the right to assume control of the defense
against the claim, at his, her, or its expense, and to compromise and settle
the claim; except that, the Shareholders may not, without the prior written
consent of Nordson, compromise or settle any claim in a manner that would
impair the value of any assets or rights of Nordson or any EFD Entity or that
would interfere with the continued operation of their respective businesses;
provided further that the Indemnifying Party will not agree to any settlement
of such third-party claim which does not include an unconditional release of
the Indemnified Party by the third-party claimant on account
thereof, provided that no such release of the Indemnified Party needs to be
obtained if the Indemnified Party does not provide a corresponding release of
the third-party claimant with respect to such third-party claim. If the
Indemnifying Party does not assume the defense of the third-party claim
pursuant to this Section 13(h), the Indemnified Party will have the right to
assume the defense of the claim; the Indemnified Party will also have the
right to settle the claim, but only if (i) the Indemnified Party notifies the
Indemnifying Party of its intention to settle the claim and of the material
terms of any proposed settlement, (ii) the Indemnifying Party does not notify
the Indemnified Party in writing of the Indemnifying Party\'s election to
assume the defense of the third-party claim within ten (10) days after
receipt of such notice of intention to settle and promptly thereafter takes
appropriate action to implement such defense, (iii) the terms of the
settlement are not materially inconsistent with those set forth in such
notice of intention to settle, and (iv) the settlement includes an
unconditional release of the Indemnifying Party by the third-party claimant
on account thereof, provided that no such release of the Indemnifying Party
needs to be obtained if the Indemnifying Party does not provide
a corresponding release of the third-party claimant with respect to
such third-party claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Nordson and EFD will
have the right to settle any warranty claims that arise in the ordinary
course of business, without notice to or consent by the Shareholders,
provided that Nordson\'s settlement of these warranty claims is consistent
with the way in which EFD has settled similar claims prior to the Effective
Time. The Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party will use all
reasonable efforts to cooperate fully with respect to the defense of any
third-party claim covered by this Section 13(h).   (i) Sole and Exclusive
Remedy. The sole and exclusive remedies of Nordson as against any of or all
of the Shareholders, and the sole and exclusive liability of the Shareholders
to Nordson (and/or after the Closing to the EFD Entities), with respect to
any obligation, matter or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement
will be the provisions of Sections 5(g), 5(i), 7(g)(iii), and 13. The sole
and exclusive remedies of the EFD    -31-   36 Parties as against
Nordson, and the sole and exclusive liability of Nordson to the EFD Parties,
with respect to any obligation, matter or claim arising out of or relating to
this Agreement will be the provisions of Sections 2, 7(g), and 13.   14.
Miscellaneous.   (a) Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in Sections
3(b), 7(g), 13(f), and 14(e), each of the parties will pay its, his, or her
own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution, and
performance of this Agreement and the completion of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including fees and reimbursable expenses of
counsel, accountants, and other advisors. Without limiting the foregoing,
Nordson will be responsible for all fees and expenses associated with the
audit of the financial results of the EFD Entities for the ten-month period
ended October 29, 2000.   (b) "Best Knowledge of the EFD Parties". For
purposes of this Agreement, the phrase "best knowledge of the EFD Parties"
means the actual knowledge of any of the following: Mr. Carter, Mrs. Carter,
Harry Baird, Tom O\'Connell, Larry Hoover, Steve Lord, Roman Skonieczny, and,
with respect to accounting and legal matters, the independent accountant and
legal counsel of the appropriate EFD Entity.   (c) Entire Agreement. This
Agreement and its Exhibits and Schedules contain the entire understanding
among Nordson and the Shareholders on their subject matter, and there are no
representations, warranties, or covenants by or among them other than those
set forth in this Agreement and its Exhibits and Schedules.   (d) Waiver.
Any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement may be waived in writing at
any time by the party that is entitled to the benefit of that term or
condition.   (e) Governing Law; Dispute Resolution; Appointment
of Shareholder Representative.   (i) The validity, interpretation, and
enforceability of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of
Rhode Island. In the event of a dispute regarding this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated by it, the parties will use all reasonable efforts
to resolve the dispute on an amicable basis. If the dispute is not resolved
on that basis within a 60 days, any party may refer the dispute (other than a
dispute that is covered by Section 3(b)) for resolution by one arbitrator in
an arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in
accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the award
rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
Any such arbitration will take place at Providence, Rhode Island. Except as
provided in Section 3(b) and 13(f), the prevailing party in any dispute under
this Agreement will be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party the
fees and expenses of counsel to the prevailing party.    -32-   37 
(ii) The Shareholders hereby appoint Mr. Carter as their representative in
connection with this Agreement, with full authority, for and on their behalf,
to give and receive notices and to compromise and settle any dispute
regarding this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by it.
Without limiting the foregoing, Mr. Carter has the authority to resolve
issues regarding any purchase price adjustment under Section 3, any
indemnification claim under Sections 7(g) and 13 (including third-party
claims), and any arbitration under Section 14(e)(i). Mr. Carter hereby
accepts such authorization and appointment, provided that he will have no
duty or liability whatsoever to Nordson in his capacity as such
representative. In addition, the Shareholders agree that Mr. Carter will have
no personal liability to the Shareholders for any action taken hereunder or
for any omission to act where such action or omission is not the result of
gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter\'s authority will continue until the earlier of his death or
the revocation of his authority in a writing signed by Shareholders
that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, owned a majority of the voting
EFD Shares. Nordson may rely upon Mr. Carter\'s continued authority until it
receives written notice of Mr. Carter\'s death or the revocation of his
authority. Upon the receipt of written evidence satisfactory to Nordson to
the effect that a substituted representative has been appointed to act as
representative of the Shareholders hereunder by reason of Mr. Carter\'s death
or the revocation of his authority, Nordson will be entitled to rely on such
substituted representative to the same extent as it was theretofore entitled
to rely upon Mr. Carter with respect to the matters covered by this Section
14(e)(ii). Such substituted representative need not be a Shareholder in his
or her individual capacity, provided he or she is a trustee of, or has a
beneficial interest in, one of the Trusts.   (f) Notices. Any notice or
other communication required or permitted under this Agreement will be
adequately given when it is personally delivered; when it is sent by fax,
with confirmation of receipt; or one day after it is sent by overnight
courier paid by the sender, and addressed as follows:  To Nordson at:  
Nordson Corporation  28601 Clemens Road  Westlake, Ohio 44145  Fax no.:
(440) 892-9253  Attn: Robert Veillette  Assistant General Counsel   
-33-   38 with a copy to:   James Carlson, Esq.  Thompson Hine and Flory
LLP  3900 Key Tower  127 Public Square  Cleveland, OH 44114  Fax no.:
216-566-5800  To the Shareholders:   c/o Mr. John S. Carter, Jr.  201
Arlington Avenue  Providence, RI 02906  with a copy to:   Richard G.
Small, Esq.  Edwards and Angell, LLP  2800 BankBoston Plaza  Providence, RI
02903  Fax no.: 401-276-6611  Any party may change the address or fax
number to which notices or other communications are to be given by furnishing
the other party with written notice of the change.   (g) Confidentiality.
Nordson agrees that it and its officers, directors, and other representatives
will hold in strict confidence, and will not use to the detriment of any EFD
Entity or the Shareholders, all data and information about the business of
the EFD Entities disclosed to them by the EFD Parties in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (except for any date or
information that is publicly available or is disclosed to them by a source
other than an EFD Party without a duty of confidentiality to any EFD Party).
If the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are not consummated,
Nordson will, upon request by the Shareholders, return to the Shareholders or
destroy any written documents in Nordson\'s possession that include such data
or information, including worksheets, reports, lists, memoranda, and other
documents prepared by or made available to Nordson.   (h) Notices to Third
Parties and Publicity. All notices to third parties and publicity concerning
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement will be jointly planned and
coordinated by Nordson and the Shareholders. No party may act in this regard
without the prior consent of the others; however, this consent will not be
unreasonably withheld.    -34-   39  (i) Assignment. Neither of the
parties may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the
other party.   (j) Table of Contents; Preamble; Headings. The Table
of Contents, the preamble to this Agreement, and the headings used in
this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not intended to
affect the interpretation of this Agreement.   [The rest of this page is
left blank intentionally.]    -35-   40  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Nordson and
the Shareholders have executed this Agreement on the date first written
above.   NORDSON CORPORATION    By: /s/ Edward P. Campbell 
-------------------------------  Edward P. Campbell  President and Chief
Executive  Officer    /s/ John S. Carter, Jr. 
----------------------------------  JOHN S. CARTER, JR.    /s/ Letitia M.
Carter  ----------------------------------  LETITIA M. CARTER    TRUST
1988 FBO JOHN S. CARTER, III    By: /s/ John S. Carter, Jr. 
-------------------------------  John S. Carter, Jr.  Trustee    TRUST
1988 FBO KATHERINE MARTINEZ    By: /s/ John S. Carter, Jr. 
-------------------------------  John S. Carter, Jr.  Trustee    TRUST
1988 FBO PAMELA ROWE    By: /s/ John S. Carter, Jr. 
-------------------------------  John S. Carter, Jr.  Trustee    -36-  
41  TRUST 1988 FBO ELISABETH CARTER    By: /s/ John S. Carter, Jr. 
-------------------------------  John S. Carter, Jr.  Trustee    TRUST
1991 FBO JOHN CARTER, III    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    TRUST 1991
FBO KATHERINE MARTINEZ    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    TRUST 1991
FBO PAMELA ROWE    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    TRUST 1991
FBO ELISABETH CARTER    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    -37-  
42  TRUST 1991 FBO JULIA MARTINEZ    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    TRUST 1991
FBO MARGARET MARTINEZ    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    TRUST 1994
JOHN CARTER, GRANTOR    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    TRUST 1994
LETITIA CARTER, GRANTOR    By: /s/ John S. Carter, Jr. 
-------------------------------  John S. Carter, Jr.  Trustee    TRUST
1996 KATHERINE MARTINEZ,  GRANTOR    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    -38-  
43  TRUST 1996 PAMELA ROWE, GRANTOR    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    TRUST 1996
JOHN CARTER III, GRANTOR    By: /s/ Letitia M. Carter 
-------------------------------  Letitia M. Carter  Trustee    TRUST 1996
ELISABETH CARTER, GRANTOR    By: /s/ John S. Carter, Jr. 
-------------------------------  John S. Carter, Jr.  Trustee    TRUST
1996 LETITIA CARTER, GRANTOR    By: /s/ John S. Carter, Jr. 
-------------------------------  John S. Carter, Jr.  Trustee    -39-  
44  INDEX OF DEFINITIONS   Page  ----  Agreed Upon Interest Rate
2 Assets 21 Audit Reports 23 Best knowledge of the EFD Parties 33 Carter
Consulting Agreement 21 CFI 25 Code 16 Computer Software and Databases
17 December 31, 1999 Balance Sheet 3 Dosage 1 EFD 1 EFD Entities 1 EFD
Parties 5 EFD Shares 1 EFDI 1 Effective Time 28 Effective Time Statement
4 Effective Time Tangible Net Equity 4 Employment Agreements 21 Encumbrance
10 Environmental Insurance 23 Financial Statements 6 Forms 22 GAAP 3 HSR
Act 20 Indemnified Party 32 Indemnifying Party 32 Initial Purchase Price
Adjustment Payment 2 Intellectual Property Rights 15 Involved Party 22 July
31, 2000 Balance Sheets 6 Lease 7 Leased Real Property 7 Losses
30 Material Adverse Change 10 Mr. Carter 1 Mrs. Carter 1 Nordson 1 Other
Party 22 Owned Real Property 7    -40-   45 Peg Amount 4 Phantom Stock
Holder 25 Preliminary Effective Time Statement 3 Real Property 7 Returns
16 Shareholders 1 Shareholders\' Portion 1 Taxes 17 Trust 1    LIST OF
EXHIBITS   Page  ----  1 - Purchase Price Allocation 5 3(a)(i) -
Excluded Assets 7 7(d)(i) - List of Employees with Employment Agreements
17 7(d)(ii) - Form of Employment Agreements 17 7(d)(iii) - Carter Consulting
Agreement 17 7(e) - Allocation of Purchase Price for Tax Purposes 18 7(g)(i)
- Environmental Audit Reports 19 7(g)(ii) - Terms of Environmental Insurance
19 7(h)(v) - Payments to Holders of Phantom Stock 20 8(g) - Form of Phantom
Stock Release 22    LIST OF SCHEDULES   Page  ----  5(a) -
Organization; Directors and Officers 5 5(b) - Conflicts 5 5(c) -
Capitalization 6 5(d) - Financial Statements 6 5(e)(i) - Owned Real Estate
6 5(e)(ii) - Leases 7 5(e)(iii) - Exclusive Possession of Owned Real
Property 7 5(h) - Certain Changes 9 5(i) - Title Matters 9 5(j) -
Litigation 10 5(k) - Product Warranties 10 5(l) - Contract List 10   
-41-   46 5(m) - Intellectual Property 11 5(n) - Employee Benefits
12 5(p) - Tax Matters 13 5(s) - Computer Software and Databases 14 7(h)(ii)
- Insurance Policies 20    -42-   '

