 EX-2.1: AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   
Exhibit 2.1   [Execution Version]      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER    Among    BELLSOUTH CORPORATION,   ATandT; INC.    and   
ABC CONSOLIDATION CORP.    Dated as of March 4, 2006   TABLE OF
CONTENTS     PAGE  ~~   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER; CLOSING; EFFECTIVE
TIME  1.1 The Merger......................................................
1 1.2 Closing......................................................... 2 1.3
Effective Time.................................................. 2   ARTICLE
II   ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF THE SURVIVING
CORPORATION  2.1 The Articles of
Incorporation................................... 2 2.2 The By-
Laws..................................................... 2   ARTICLE
III   OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS  3.1 Directors of Surviving
Corporation.............................. 2 3.2 Officers of Surviving
Corporation............................... 2 3.3 Parent Board of
Directors/Company Executive Officers............ 3   ARTICLE IV   EFFECT
OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES  4.1 Effect on
Capital Stock......................................... 3 4.2 Exchange of
Certificates for Shares............................. 4 4.3 Adjustments to
Prevent Dilution................................. 7 4.4 Company Stock Based
Plans....................................... 7   ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  5.1 Representations and Warranties of the
Company................... 9 5.2 Representations and Warranties of Parent and
Merger Sub......... 24       -i-     PAGE  ~~   ARTICLE VI  
COVENANTS  6.1 Interim
Operations.............................................. 35 6.2 Acquisition
Proposals........................................... 42 6.3 Information
Supplied............................................ 48 6.4
Shareholders/Stockholders Meetings.............................. 48 6.5
Filings; Other Actions; Notification............................ 49 6.6
Access; Consultation............................................ 51 6.7
Affiliates...................................................... 52 6.8 Stock
Exchange Listing and De-listing........................... 52 6.9
Publicity....................................................... 52 6.10
Employee Benefits............................................... 52 6.11
Expenses........................................................ 54 6.12
Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance............. 54 6.13
Regulatory Compliance........................................... 56 6.14
Takeover Statute; Rights Agreement.............................. 56 6.15
Dividends....................................................... 56 6.16
Control of the Company\'s or Parent\'s Operations................. 56 6.17
Section 16(b)................................................... 57 6.18 Tax-
Free Qualification.......................................... 57 6.19 Tax
Representation Letters...................................... 57 6.20 Cingular
Headquarters........................................... 58 6.21 Direct
Investment Plan.......................................... 58   ARTICLE
VII   CONDITIONS  7.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the
Merger...... 58 7.2 Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger
Sub.............. 59 7.3 Conditions to Obligation of the
Company......................... 61 7.4 Invoking Certain
Conditions..................................... 62   ARTICLE VIII  
TERMINATION  8.1 Termination by Mutual
Consent................................... 62 8.2 Termination by Either
Parent or the Company..................... 62 8.3 Termination by the
Company...................................... 62 8.4 Termination by
Parent........................................... 63 8.5 Effect of
Termination and Abandonment........................... 64      
-ii-     PAGE  ~~   ARTICLE IX   MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL  9.1
Survival........................................................ 66 9.2
Modification or Amendment....................................... 66 9.3
Waiver of Conditions............................................ 67 9.4
Counterparts.................................................... 67 9.5
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL................... 67 9.6
Notices......................................................... 68 9.7
Entire Agreement................................................ 69 9.8 No
Third Party Beneficiaries.................................... 69 9.9
Obligations of Parent and of the Company........................ 69 9.10
Severability.................................................... 69 9.11
Interpretation.................................................. 70 9.12
Captions........................................................ 70 9.13
Specific Performance............................................ 70 9.14
Assignment......................................................
70   Exhibit A Form of Amended and Restated Charter of Surviving
Corporation Exhibit B Form of Affiliate Agreement      -iii-   Index
of Defined Terms    Defined Term Section ------------ -------  ~~
 Acquiring Person 8.5(b) Acquisition Proposal 6.2(b) Affected Employees
6.10(a) Agreement Preamble Bankruptcy and Equity Exception 5.1(c) By-Laws
2.2 Certificate 4.1(a) Certificate of Merger 1.3 Charter 2.1 Cingular
5.1(a)(i) Closing 1.2 Closing Date 1.2 Code Recitals Common Stock Unit
5.1(b)(i) Communications Act 5.1(d)(i) Company Preamble Company Awards
4.4(b) Company Compensation and Benefit Plans 5.1(h)(i) Company Current
Properties 5.1(l)(ii) Company Direct Investment Plan 5.1(b)(i) Company
Disclosure Letter 5.1 Company Employees 5.1(h)(i) Company ERISA Affiliate
5.1(h)(iii) Company Former Properties 5.1(l)(iii) Company Material Adverse
Effect 5.1(a)(ii) Company Non U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans
5.1(h)(i) Company Option 4.4(a) Company Preferred Shares 5.1(b)(i) Company
Recommendation 5.1(c) Company Recommendation Change 6.2(c)(ii) Company
Region 5.1(a) Company Reports 5.1(e)(i) Company Requisite Vote
5.1(c) Company Share 4.1(a) Company Shares 4.1(a) Company Stock Plans
4.4(a) Company Shareholders Meeting 6.4(a) Company Superior Proposal Action
6.2(c)(ii) Company U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans 5.1(h)(ii) Computer
Software 5.1(p)(1) Confidentiality Agreement 6.2(a) Contracts
5.1(d)(ii)     -iv-    Defined Term Section ------------ -------  ~~
 Covered Proposal 8.5(b) Current Premium 6.12(c) DandO; Insurance 6.12(c) EC
Merger Regulation 5.1(d)(i) Effective Time 1.3 Environmental Law
5.1(l) ERISA 5.1(h)(i) ERISA Plans 5.1(h)(ii) Exchange Act
5.1(d)(i) Exchange Agent 4.2(a) Exchange Fund 4.2(a) Exchange Ratio
4.1(a) Excluded Company Shares 4.1(a) FCC 5.1(d)(i) FCC Rules
6.13(a) Final Order 7.2(e) GAAP 5.1(e)(iii) GBCC 1.1 Governmental Consents
7.1(c) Governmental Entity 5.1(d)(i) Hazardous Substance 5.1(l) HSR Act
5.1(b)(ii) Indemnified Parties 6.12(a) Information Technology
5.1(p)(2) Intellectual Property 5.1(p)(3) IRS 5.1(h)(i) Laws
5.1(i) Licenses 5.1(i) Lien 5.1(b)(ii) Merger Recitals Merger
Consideration 4.1(a) Merger Sub Preamble Multiemployer Plan 5.1(h)(ii) New
Plans 6.10(b) Order 7.1(d) Parent Preamble Parent Acquiring Person
8.5(c) Parent Covered Proposal 8.5(c) Parent Recommendation Change
6.2(d) Parent Common Stock 4.1(a) Parent Common Stock Unit 5.2(b)(i) Parent
Compensation and Benefit Plan 5.2(h)(i) Parent Current Properties
5.2(k) Parent Disclosure Letter 5.2     -v-    Defined Term
Section ------------ -------  ~~  Parent Employees 5.2(h)(i) Parent ERISA
Affiliate 5.2(h)(iii) Parent Former Properties 5.2(k) Parent Material
Adverse Effect 5.2(a) Parent Non U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans
5.2(h)(i) Parent Option 5.2(b)(i) Parent Preferred Stock 5.2(b)(i) Parent
Recommendation 5.2(c) Parent Regions 5.2(a) Parent Reports 5.2(e)(i) Parent
Requisite Vote 5.2(c) Parent Stockholders Meeting 6.4(a) Parent Superior
Proposal Action 6.2(d) Parent U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans
5.2(h)(ii) Pension Plan 5.1(h)(ii) Person 4.2(b) Prior Plan
6.10(b) Prospectus/Proxy Statement 6.3(a) PUC 5.1(d)(i) Receiving Party
6.2(g) Regulatory Material Adverse Effect 6.5(b) Representatives
6.2(a) Required Governmental Consents 7.1(c) Rights Agreement 5.1(b)(i) S-4
Registration Statement 6.3(a) Sarbanes-Oxley 5.1(e)(i) SEC
4.4(c) Securities Act 4.4(c) Significant Subsidiary 5.1(b)(ii) Subsidiary
5.1(a)(i) Successor Plan 6.10(b) Superior Proposal 6.2(b) Surviving
Corporation 1.1 Takeover Statute 5.1(k) T 5.2(e)(i) T Reports
5.2(e)(i) Tax 5.1(n) Tax Return 5.1(n) Taxes 5.1(n) Termination Date
8.2 Termination Fee 8.5(b) Uncertificated Company Share 4.1(a) Utilities
Laws 5.1(d)(i) YP.com 5.1(a)(i)     -vi-   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (hereinafter called this
"Agreement"), dated as of March 4, 2006 among BellSouth Corporation, a
Georgia corporation (the "Company"), ATandT; Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), and ABC Consolidation Corp., a Georgia corporation and a wholly-
owned Subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub").   RECITALS   WHEREAS, the
Board of Directors of Parent has approved, and the Boards of Directors of the
Company and Merger Sub have adopted, this Agreement providing for the merger
of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger");   WHEREAS, the Board
of Directors of Parent has resolved to submit to the stockholders of Parent
for their approval the issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock (as defined
below) in the Merger and the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved
to submit this Agreement to the shareholders of the Company for their
approval;   WHEREAS, it is intended that, for federal income tax purposes,
the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Code"), and that this Agreement will
be, and hereby is, adopted as a plan of reorganization; and   WHEREAS, the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with this Agreement.  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto
agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER; CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME  
1.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and
into the Company and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub
shall thereupon cease. The Company shall be the surviving corporation in the
Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the "Surviving Corporation"),
and the Company shall continue its separate corporate existence under the
laws of the state of Georgia, and all its rights, privileges, immunities,
powers and franchises shall continue unaffected by the Merger, except as set
forth in Article III hereof. The Merger shall have the effects specified in
the Georgia Business Corporation Code, as amended (the "GBCC").   1.2
Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place (i) at
the offices of Sullivan and Cromwell LLP, 125 Broad Street, New York, New York
10004 at 8:00 a.m. local time on the first business day after the date on
which the last to be satisfied or waived of the conditions set forth
in Article VII shall be satisfied or waived in accordance with this
Agreement (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be
satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those
conditions), or (ii) at such other place and time and/or on such other date
as the Company and Parent may otherwise agree in writing (the date on which
the Closing occurs, the "Closing Date").   1.3 Effective Time. At the
Closing, the Company and Merger Sub will cause a Certificate of Merger (the
"Certificate of Merger") to be completed, executed, acknowledged and filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia as provided in Sections
14-2-1105(b) and Section 14-2-1105.1 of the GBCC. The Merger shall become
effective at the time when the Certificate of Merger has been duly filed with
the Secretary of State of Georgia or such other time as shall be agreed upon
by the parties hereto in writing and set forth in the Certificate of Merger
in accordance with the GBCC (the "Effective Time").   ARTICLE II  
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS  OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION   2.1
The Articles of Incorporation. At the Effective Time, the articles of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation (the "Charter") shall be amended
in its entirety to read as set forth in Exhibit A hereto, until thereafter
amended as provided therein or by applicable Law.   2.2 The By-Laws. The by-
laws of Merger Sub in effect at the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of
the Surviving Corporation (the "By-Laws"), until thereafter amended as
provided therein or by applicable Law.   ARTICLE III   OFFICERS AND
DIRECTORS   3.1 Directors of Surviving Corporation. The directors of Merger
Sub at the Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation until their successors have been duly
elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation
or removal in accordance with the Charter and the By-Laws.   3.2 Officers
of Surviving Corporation. The officers of the Company at the Effective Time
shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation until their successors have been duly elected or appointed
and   -2-  qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal
in accordance with the Charter and the By-Laws.  3.3 Parent Board of
Directors/Company Executive Officers. (a) The Board of Directors of Parent
shall take all actions necessary under the certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of Parent to appoint three members of the Board of Directors of the
Company selected by mutual agreement of Parent and the Company as directors
of Parent as of the Effective Time, to serve as directors of Parent until
their successors shall have been duly elected or appointed and qualified or
until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Parent and applicable Law.   (b)
Parent shall offer to each "Executive Officer" of the Company (as listed in
the Company\'s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2005) (other than
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company), the opportunity to become a
senior officer of Parent or a Subsidiary of Parent immediately after the
Effective Time on the basis described in Section 3.3(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter.   ARTICLE IV  EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL
STOCK; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   4.1 Effect on Capital Stock. At the
Effective Time, as a result of the Merger and without any action on the part
of the holder of any capital stock of the Company:   (a) Merger
Consideration. Each share of Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the
Company (each, a "Company Share", and together, the "Company Shares") issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Company
Shares that are owned by Parent or by the Company or any direct or indirect
wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company and in each case not held on behalf of
third parties (collectively, "Excluded Company Shares")) shall be converted
into and become exchangeable for 1.325 (the "Exchange Ratio") common shares,
par value $1.00 per share, of Parent ("Parent Common Stock") (the shares of
Parent Common Stock into which each Company Share is to be converted, the
"Merger Consideration"). At the Effective Time, all Company Shares shall
no longer be outstanding, shall be cancelled and retired and shall cease to
exist, and (A) each certificate (a "Certificate") formerly representing any
of such Company Shares (other than Excluded Company Shares) and (B) each
uncertificated Company Share (an "Uncertificated Company Share") registered
to a holder on the stock transfer books of the Company (other than Excluded
Company Shares), shall thereafter represent only the right to the Merger
Consideration and the right, if any, to receive pursuant to Section 4.2(e)
cash in lieu of fractional shares into which such Company Shares have been
converted pursuant to this Section 4.1(a) and any distribution or dividend
pursuant to Section 4.2(c), in each case without interest.   -3-   (b)
Cancellation of Shares. Each Excluded Company Share shall, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, no longer be
outstanding, shall be cancelled and retired without payment of
any consideration therefor and shall cease to exist.   (c) Merger Sub. At
the Effective Time, each share of Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be converted into one share of Common Stock of the Surviving
Corporation.   4.2 Exchange of Certificates for Shares.   (a) Exchange
Agent. As of the Closing, Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be
deposited, with an exchange agent selected by Parent (the "Exchange Agent"),
for the benefit of the holders of Company Shares (other than Excluded Company
Shares), certificates representing the shares of Parent Common Stock to be
exchanged for Company Shares (other than Excluded Company Shares) in respect
of the aggregate Merger Consideration to be issued in the Merger and
any dividends or other distributions with respect to the Parent Common Stock
to be paid or to be issued pursuant to Section 4.2(c) or 4.2(e) in exchange
for Company Shares (other than Excluded Company Shares) (such cash and
certificates for shares of Parent Common Stock, together with the amount of
any cash payable pursuant to Section 4.2(e) in lieu of fractional shares and
dividends or other distributions payable with respect thereto pursuant to
Section 4.2(c), being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). With
respect to the amount of cash to be deposited as of the Closing to satisfy
its obligations under Section 4.2(e), Parent shall only be required to make a
reasonable estimate of the amount of such cash that will be necessary.  
(b) Exchange Procedures. Parent shall cause transmittal materials reasonably
agreed upon by Parent and the Company prior to the Closing to be mailed as
soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time by the Exchange Agent
to each holder of record as of the Effective Time of Company Shares (other
than Excluded Company Shares) represented by Certificates. Such transmittal
materials shall advise the holders of such Company Shares of
the effectiveness of the Merger and the procedure for surrendering the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent. Upon the surrender of a Certificate (or
affidavit of loss in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 4.2(g)) to the
Exchange Agent in accordance with the terms of the transmittal materials, the
holder of the Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange, and in
respect of, such Certificate (i) a certificate representing that number of
whole shares of Parent Common Stock that such holder is entitled to receive
pursuant to this Article IV, (ii) a check in the amount (after giving effect
to any required tax withholdings) of (A) any cash payable pursuant to Section
4.2(e) in lieu of fractional shares plus (B) any unpaid dividends or other
distributions with respect to the Parent Common Stock that such holder has
the right to receive pursuant to Section 4.2(c), and, in each case, the
Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. No interest will be
paid or accrued on any amount payable upon   -4-  due surrender of the
Certificates. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Shares that
is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, a certificate
representing the proper number of shares of Parent Common Stock, together
with a check for any cash to be paid upon due surrender of the Certificate
and any other dividends or distributions in respect thereof, may be issued
and/or paid to such a transferee if the Certificate formerly
representing such Company Shares is presented to the Exchange Agent,
accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer
and to evidence that any applicable stock transfer Taxes have been paid. If
any certificate for shares of Parent Common Stock is to be issued in a name
other than that in which the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is
registered, it shall be a condition of such exchange that the Person
requesting such exchange shall pay any transfer or other Taxes required by
reason of the issuance of certificates representing shares of Parent Common
Stock in a name other than that of the registered holder of the Certificate
surrendered, or shall establish to the satisfaction of Parent or the Exchange
Agent that such Tax has been paid or is not applicable.   For the purposes
of this Agreement, the term "Person" shall mean any individual, corporation
(including not-for-profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization,
Governmental Entity or other entity of any kind or nature.   (c)
Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares; Voting.   (i) Whenever a
dividend or other distribution is declared by Parent in respect of Parent
Common Stock, the record date for which is at or after the Effective Time,
that declaration shall include dividends or other distributions in respect of
all shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement. No
dividends or other distributions in respect of such Parent Common Stock shall
be paid to any holder of any unsurrendered Certificate until such Certificate
is surrendered for exchange in accordance with this Article IV. Subject to
the effect of applicable Laws, following surrender of any such Certificate,
there shall be issued and/or paid to the holder of the
certificates representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock issued in
exchange therefor, without interest, (A) at the time of such surrender, the
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time
and a payment date on or prior to the date of issuance of such whole shares
of Parent Common Stock and not previously paid with respect to such shares
and (B) at the appropriate payment date, the dividends or other distributions
payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock with a
record date after the Effective Time but with a payment date subsequent to
surrender.   (ii) Registered holders of unsurrendered Certificates shall
be entitled to vote after the Effective Time at any meeting of
Parent\'s stockholders with a record date at or after the Effective Time the
number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock represented by such
Certificates, as the case may be, regardless of whether such holders have
surrendered their Certificates or delivered duly executed transmittal
materials.    -5-   (d) Transfers. After the Effective Time, there shall
be no transfers on the stock transfer books of the Company of the Company
Shares that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (e)
Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no
fractional shares of Parent Common Stock will be issued and any holder of
Company Shares entitled to receive a fractional share of Parent Common Stock
but for this Section 4.2(e) shall be entitled to receive an amount in
cash (without interest) determined by multiplying such fraction (rounded to
the nearest one-hundredth of a share) by the average of the closing price of
a share of Parent Common Stock, as reported in the Wall Street Journal, New
York City edition, for the five trading days ending on the trading day
immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (f) Termination of Exchange
Period; Unclaimed Stock. Any portion of the Exchange Fund (including the
proceeds of any investments thereof and any shares of Parent Common Stock)
that remains unclaimed by the shareholders of the Company 180 days after the
Effective Time shall be delivered, at Parent\'s option, to Parent. Any
shareholders of the Company who have not theretofore complied with this
Article IV shall thereafter look only to Parent for delivery of any shares of
Parent Common Stock and payment of any cash, dividends and other
distributions in respect thereof payable or deliverable pursuant to Section
4.1, Section 4.2(c) and Section 4.2(e) upon due surrender of
their Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof), in each case,
without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of Parent,
the Surviving Corporation, the Exchange Agent or any other Person shall be
liable to any former holder of Company Shares for any amount properly
delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar Laws.   (g) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In
the event any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate
to be lost, stolen or destroyed and the posting by such Person of a bond in
the form customarily required by Parent as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, Parent will issue
the shares of Parent Common Stock, and the Exchange Agent will issue any
cash, dividends and other distributions in respect thereof issuable and/or
payable in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate pursuant
to this Agreement.   (h) Uncertificated Company Shares. Parent shall cause
the Exchange Agent to (i) issue in registered form, as of the Effective Time,
to each holder of Uncertificated Company Shares that number of whole shares
of Parent Common Stock that such holder is entitled to receive in respect of
each such Uncertificated Company Share pursuant to this Article IV and (ii)
mail to each such holder materials (to be reasonably agreed by Parent and the
Company prior to the Effective Time) advising such holder of the
effectiveness of the Merger and the conversion of their Company Shares into
Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger and a check in the amount (after
giving effect to any required tax withholdings) for any cash payable pursuant
to Section 4.2(e) in   -6-  lieu of fractional shares in respect of each
such Uncertificated Company Share, in each case without any action by such
holders.   4.3 Adjustments to Prevent Dilution. In the event that prior to
the Effective Time there is a change in the number of Company Shares or
shares of Parent Common Stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into
or exercisable for Company Shares or shares of Parent Common Stock issued
and outstanding as a result of a distribution, reclassification, stock
split (including a reverse split), stock dividend or distribution,
recapitalization, merger, subdivision, issuer tender or exchange offer, or
other similar transaction, the Merger Consideration shall be equitably
adjusted to eliminate the effects of such event on the Merger
Consideration.   4.4 Company Stock Based Plans.   (a) At the Effective
Time, each outstanding option to purchase Company Shares (a "Company Option")
under the Company Compensation and Benefit Plans identified in Section 5.1(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter as being the only Company Compensation and
Benefit Plans pursuant to which Company Shares may be issued or benefits
measured by the value of Company Shares may be obtained (the "Company Stock
Plans"), whether vested or unvested, shall be converted into an option to
acquire a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product
(rounded up to the nearest whole number) of (x) the number of Company Shares
subject to the Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time and (y)
the Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price per share (rounded down to
the nearest whole cent) equal to (A) the exercise price per Company Share of
such Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by (B)
the Exchange Ratio; provided, however, that the exercise price and the number
of shares of Parent Common Stock purchasable pursuant to the Company Options
shall be determined in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section
409A of the Code; provided, further, that in the case of any Company Option
to which Section 422 of the Code applies, the exercise price and the number
of shares of Parent Common Stock purchasable pursuant to such option shall be
determined in accordance with the foregoing, subject to such adjustments as
are necessary in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 424(a) of the
Code. Except as specifically provided above, following the Effective Time,
each Company Option shall continue to be governed by the same terms and
conditions as were applicable under such Company Option immediately prior to
the Effective Time. At or prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall
adopt appropriate amendments to the Company Stock Plans, if necessary, and
the Board of Directors of the Company shall adopt appropriate resolutions, if
necessary, to effectuate the provisions of this Section 4.4(a). Parent shall
take all actions as are necessary for the assumption of the Company Stock
Plans pursuant to this Section 4.4, including the issuance (subject to
Section 4.4(c)) and listing of Parent Common Stock as necessary to effect the
transactions contemplated by this Section 4.4.   (b) At the Effective Time,
each right of any kind, contingent or accrued, to acquire or receive Company
Shares or benefits measured by the value of   -7-  Company Shares, and
each award of any kind consisting of Company Shares that may be held,
awarded, outstanding, payable or reserved for issuance under the Company
Stock Plans, other than Company Options and outstanding performance shares
(the "Company Awards"), shall be deemed to be converted into the right
to acquire or receive benefits measured by the value of (as the case may be)
the number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of (x) the
number of Company Shares subject to such Company Award immediately prior to
the Effective Time and (y) the Exchange Ratio, and each such right shall
otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to such right
under the relevant Company Stock Plan. At or prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall adopt appropriate amendments to the Company Stock Plans, if
necessary, and the Board of Directors of the Company shall adopt appropriate
resolutions, if necessary, to effectuate the provisions of this Section
4.4(b).   (c) If registration of any interests in the Company Stock Plans
or the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable thereunder is required under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), Parent shall
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), by the business
day following the Effective Time, a registration statement on Form S-8 (or
any successor form), with respect to such interests or Parent Common Stock,
and shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement (and to maintain the current
status of the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein and comply with
any applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws) for so long as the
relevant Company Stock Plans remain in effect and such registration of
interests therein or the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable thereunder
(and compliance with any such state laws) continues to be required. As soon
as reasonably practicable after the registration of such interests or shares,
as applicable, Parent shall deliver to the holders of Company Options and
Company Awards by any permissible method appropriate notices setting forth
such holders\' rights pursuant to the respective Company Stock Plans and
agreements evidencing the grants of such Company Options and Company Awards,
and stating that such Company Options and Company Awards and agreements have
been assumed by Parent in accordance with the applicable terms.   (d)
Without limiting the applicability of the preceding paragraph, the Company
shall take all necessary action to ensure that the Surviving Corporation will
not be bound at the Effective Time by any options, or other rights, awards or
arrangements under the Company Stock Plans that would entitle any Person
after the Effective Time to beneficially own any Company Shares or to receive
any payments in respect thereof, and at or prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall adopt appropriate amendments to all Company Stock
Plans conferring any rights to Company Shares or other capital stock of the
Company, if necessary, and the Board of Directors of the Company shall adopt
appropriate resolutions, if applicable, to effectuate the provisions of this
Section 4.5(d).    -8-   ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  
5.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the
disclosure letter delivered to Parent by the Company at the time of entering
into this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Letter"), or, to the extent the
qualifying nature of such disclosure with respect to a
specific representation and warranty is reasonably apparent therefrom, as set
forth in the Company Reports filed with the SEC on or after January 1, 2005
and prior to the date of this Agreement (excluding all disclosures in any
"Risk Factors" Section) (it being understood that the exclusion with respect
to the "Risk Factors" section in the prior parenthetical shall not be deemed
a qualification of the matters expressly set out in the Company Disclosure
Letter or the exceptions in the definition of "Company Material Adverse
Effect"), the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub
as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing that:   (a)
Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries is a legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the Laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization and
has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as presently
conducted and is qualified to do business and is in good standing as
a foreign legal entity in each jurisdiction where the ownership, leasing
or operation of its assets or properties or conduct of its business requires
such qualification, except where the failure to be so organized, qualified or
in good standing, or to have such power or authority, would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has made available
to Parent a complete and correct copy of the Company\'s articles of
incorporation and by-laws, each as in effect and as amended through the date
of this Agreement.   As used in this Agreement, (i) the term "Subsidiary"
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which at least a
majority of the securities or ownership interests having by their terms
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other
persons performing similar functions is directly or indirectly owned or
controlled by such Person and/or one or more of its respective Subsidiaries,
and shall be deemed not to include Cingular Wireless Corporation or Cingular
Wireless LLC (together "Cingular") or YellowPages.com LLC ("YP.com") or any
of their respective Subsidiaries, except where expressly specified; (ii) the
term "Company Material Adverse Effect" means (x) an effect that would prevent
or materially delay or impair the ability of the Company to consummate the
Merger or (y) a material adverse effect on the financial condition,
properties, assets, liabilities, business or results of operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, including its interest in Cingular, YP.com and
their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding any such effect
resulting from or arising in connection with changes or conditions (A)
generally affecting (I) the United States   -9-  economy or financial or
securities markets, (II) political conditions in the United States or (III)
the United States telecommunications industry or any generally recognized
business segment of such industry, (B) generally affecting the
telecommunications industry (or any generally recognized business segment
of such industry) in the Company Region, taken as a whole, (C) resulting from
any hurricane, earthquake, or other natural disasters in the Company Region,
(D) resulting from the execution, announcement or performance of this
Agreement, or (E) resulting from or arising in connection with the financial
condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or results of operations
of Cingular, YP.com or any of their respective Subsidiaries; and (iii) the
"Company Region" means the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee.   (b)
Capital Structure. (i) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of 8.65 billion Company Shares, of which 1,801,734,512 Company Shares were
issued and outstanding as of March 1, 2006, and 100 million shares of First
Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Company Preferred Shares"),
none of which were outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. All of the
outstanding Company Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued and
are fully paid and nonassessable. The Company has no Company Shares
or Company Preferred Shares reserved for issuance, except that (A) as of the
date of this Agreement, there are an aggregate of 30 million Company
Preferred Shares, designated "Series B First Preferred Stock", reserved for
issuance pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of November 22, 1999,
between the Company and ChaseMellon Shareholder Services, L.L.C., as Rights
Agent, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated as of March 2, 2005 (the
"Rights Agreement") and (B) as of March 1, 2006, there were an aggregate of
166,891,548 Company Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company
Stock Plans. Section 5.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a
correct and complete list as of March 1, 2006 of (x) the number of
outstanding Company Options, the exercise price of all Company Options and
number of Company Shares issuable at such exercise price and (y) the number
of outstanding rights, including those issued under the Company Stock Plans,
to receive, or rights the value of which is determined by reference to,
Company Shares, the date of grant and number of Company Shares subject
thereto (including without limitation restricted stock, restricted stock
units and performance shares) (each a "Common Stock Unit"). From March 1,
2006 to the date of this Agreement, the Company has not issued any Company
Shares except pursuant to the exercise of Company Options and the settlement
of Common Stock Units outstanding on March 1, 2006 in accordance with their
terms and pursuant to the Company\'s Direct Investment Plan, dated
November 16, 2004 (the "Company Direct Investment Plan"), and since March 1,
2006, the Company has not issued any Company Options or Common Stock Units.
All outstanding grants of Company Options and Common Stock Units were made
under the Company Stock Plans. Except as set forth in this Section 5.1(b) and
the right to purchase Company Shares pursuant to the Company Direct
Investment Plan, as of the date of this Agreement, there are no preemptive or
other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion rights, stock
appreciation rights, redemption rights, repurchase rights, agreements,
arrangements, calls, commitments or rights of any kind that obligate  
-10-  the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue or sell any shares of
capital stock or other equity securities of the Company or any securities or
obligations convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for, or giving
any Person a right to subscribe for or acquire from the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any other securities of the Company and no securities or
obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries evidencing such rights
are authorized, issued or outstanding. Except (x) as set forth in this
Section 5.1(b) or (y) pursuant to the Company Direct Investment Plan, as of
the date of this Agreement, the Company does not have outstanding any bonds,
debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of which have the right to
vote (or convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to
vote) with the shareholders of the Company on any matter.   (ii) As of the
date of this Agreement, each of the outstanding shares of capital stock or
other securities of each of the Company\'s Subsidiaries that constitute a
"Significant Subsidiary" (as defined in Rule 1.02(w) of Regulation S-X
promulgated pursuant to the Exchange Act), which term shall not be deemed to
include Cingular, YP.com or any of their respective Subsidiaries, has been
duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable and
owned by the Company or by a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of
the Company, free and clear of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest,
claim or other encumbrance (each, a "Lien"), except for such Liens as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, there are
no preemptive or other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion
rights, stock appreciation rights, redemption rights, repurchase rights,
agreements, arrangements, calls, commitments or rights of any kind that
obligate the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue or sell any shares
of capital stock or other equity securities of any of the Company\'s
Subsidiaries (including Cingular) or any securities or obligations
convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for, or giving any Person a
right to subscribe for or acquire from the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any equity securities of any of the Company\'s Subsidiaries
(including Cingular), and no securities or obligations of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries evidencing such rights are authorized, issued or
outstanding. Section 5.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains, to
the knowledge of the executive officers of the Company, a true and complete
list as of the date of this Agreement of each Person in which the Company
owns, directly or indirectly, (other than through Cingular, YP.com and their
respective Subsidiaries) any voting interest that may require a filing by
Parent or any affiliate of Parent under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") other than voting
interests that are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries the acquisition of which will be exempt from the filing
requirements under the HSR Act or was exempt at the time of the Company\'s
direct or indirect acquisition of such interests pursuant to 16 C.F.R.
Section 802.9. To the knowledge of the Company\'s executive officers, as of
the date of this Agreement, no Person or group beneficially owns 5% or more
of the Company\'s voting securities, with the terms "group" and "beneficially
owns" having the meanings ascribed to them under Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5
under the Exchange Act.    -11-   (c) Corporate Authority; Approval and
Fairness. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority and has
taken all corporate action necessary in order to execute, deliver and perform
its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate, subject only to
approval of this Agreement by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Company Shares (the "Company Requisite Vote"), the Merger. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding
agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer,
reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws of general applicability relating
to or affecting creditors\' rights and to general equity principles (the
"Bankruptcy and Equity Exception"). The Board of Directors of the Company (A)
has unanimously adopted this Agreement and approved the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and resolved to recommend the approval of
this Agreement by the holders of Company Common Shares by the Company
Requisite Vote (the "Company Recommendation"), (B) has received the opinions
of its financial advisors, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Goldman, Sachs and
Co. each, dated as of the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of
the date of this Agreement, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of Company Shares and (C) directed
that this Agreement be submitted to the holders of Company Shares for their
approval.   (d) Governmental Filings; No Violations. (i) Other than
the necessary notices, reports, filings, consents, registrations, approvals,
permits or authorizations (A) pursuant to Section 1.3, (B) required under the
HSR Act, European Union Council Regulation (EC) No. 139/2000 of January 20,
2004 (the "EC Merger Regulation") (if applicable), the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Securities Act, (C) to
comply with state securities or "blue-sky" laws, (D) with or to the Federal
Communications Commission ("FCC") pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934,
as amended (the "Communications Act"), and (E) with or to the local, state
and foreign public utility commissions or similar local or state regulatory
bodies (each, a "PUC") and the local and state Governmental Entities pursuant
to applicable local, state or foreign Laws regulating the telecommunications
business ("Utilities Laws") and (F) foreign regulatory bodies pursuant to
applicable foreign laws regulating actions having the purpose or effect of
monopolization or restraint of trade, no filings, notices and/or reports are
required to be made by the Company with, nor are any consents, registrations,
approvals, permits or authorizations required to be obtained by the Company
from, any governmental or regulatory authority, court, agency, commission,
body or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental entity
("Governmental Entity"), in connection with the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, except
those that the failure to make or obtain would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (ii) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
by the Company do not, and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and
the other   -12-  transactions contemplated hereby will not, constitute
or result in (A) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of
termination) or a default under the Company\'s articles of incorporation or
by-laws, (B) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of
termination) or a default under the articles of incorporation, by-laws or the
comparable governing instruments of any of the Company\'s Significant
Subsidiaries, (C) a breach or violation of, or a default or termination (or
right of termination) under, the acceleration of any obligations or the
creation of an obligation, Lien or pledge, security interest or other
encumbrance on its assets or the assets of any of its Subsidiaries (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease,
license granted by a Person other than a Governmental Entity, contract, note,
mortgage, indenture, or other contractual obligation ("Contracts")
binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, assuming the filings,
notices and/or approvals referred to in Section 5.1(d)(i) are made or
obtained, any Law or governmental or non-governmental permit or license to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject or (D) any change in
the rights or obligations of any party under any of its Contracts, except, in
the case of clauses (C) and (D), for any breach, violation, termination,
default, acceleration, creation or change that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. The Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a correct and complete list
of Contracts of the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to which consents
or waivers are or may be required prior to consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement other than those where the failure to obtain
such consents or waivers would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (e)
Reports; Financial Statements. (i) The Company has filed and furnished all
forms, statements, reports and documents required to be filed or furnished by
it with or to the SEC pursuant to applicable securities
statutes, regulations, policies and rules since December 31, 2004
(collectively, such forms, statements, reports and documents filed with or
furnished to the SEC since December 31, 2004, or those filed with or
furnished to the SEC subsequent to the date of this Agreement, and as
amended, the "Company Reports"). Each of the Company Reports, at the time of
its filing or being furnished complied, or if not yet filed or furnished,
will comply, as to form, in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended ("Sarbanes-Oxley"), and any rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company Reports. As of their
respective dates (and, if amended, as of the date of such amendment)
the Company Reports did not, and any of the Company Reports filed with or
furnished to the SEC subsequent to the date of this Agreement will not,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not
misleading.   (ii) The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures
as required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Such disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the   -13-  Company in the reports it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time frames specified by the SEC\'s rules and forms. The Company maintains
internal control over financial reporting as required by Rule 13a-15 under
the Exchange Act. Such internal control over financial reporting were
designed, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
includes policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of
records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company, (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the Company, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the Company\'s assets that could have a material effect on its
financial statements. The Company has disclosed, based on the most recent
evaluation of its chief executive officer and its chief financial officer
prior to the date of this Agreement, to the Company\'s auditors and the audit
committee of the Company\'s board of directors (A) any significant
deficiencies in the design or operation of its internal controls over
financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Company\'s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information and has identified for the Company\'s auditors and
audit committee of the Company\'s board of directors any material weaknesses
in internal control over financial reporting and (B) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the Company\'s internal control over financial reporting.
The Company has made available to Parent prior to the date of this Agreement
a summary of any such disclosure made by management to the Company\'s
auditors and audit committee since December 31, 2004. Since December 31, 2004
and prior to the date of this Agreement, no material complaints from any
source regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing
matters, and no material concerns from Company Employees regarding
questionable accounting or auditing matters, have been received by the
Company. The Company has made available to Parent prior to the date of this
Agreement a summary of all material complaints or concerns relating to other
matters made since December 31, 2004 and through the date of this Agreement
through the Company\'s whistleblower hot-line or equivalent system
for receipt of employee concerns regarding possible violations of Law by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees in
respect of such employee\'s employment with the Company or its Subsidiaries.
No attorney representing the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or
not employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence
of a violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar
violation by the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or
agents to the Company\'s chief legal officer, audit committee (or other
committee designated for the purpose) of the board of directors or the board
of directors pursuant to the rules adopted pursuant to Section 307 of
Sarbanes-Oxley or any Company policy contemplating such reporting, including
in instances not required by those rules.    -14-   (iii) Each of the
consolidated balance sheets included in or incorporated by reference into the
Company Reports (including the related notes and schedules) fairly presents
the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries, as of its date, and each of the consolidated statements of
operations, cash flows and of changes in shareholders\' equity included in or
incorporated by reference into the Company Reports (including any related
notes and schedules) fairly presents the results of operations, retained
earnings and changes in financial position, as the case may be, of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to notes and normal year-end
audit adjustments that will not be material in amount or effect), in each
case in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles ("GAAP") consistently applied during the periods involved, except
as may be noted therein.   (f) Absence of Certain Changes. Since December
31, 2005 there has not been any event, occurrence, discovery or development
which has had or would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2005,
and through the date of this Agreement: (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries
have conducted their respective businesses only in, and have not engaged in
any material transaction other than in accordance with, the ordinary and
usual course of such businesses; (ii) except for normal quarterly cash
dividends in an amount equal to $0.29 per Company Share, the Company and its
non-wholly-owned Subsidiaries have not declared, set aside or paid any
dividend or distribution payable in cash, stock or property in respect of any
capital stock; (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any
material indebtedness for borrowed money or guaranteed such indebtedness of
another Person, or issued or sold any debt securities or warrants or other
rights to acquire any debt security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
other than issuing commercial paper in the ordinary course of business; (iv)
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not transferred, leased, licensed,
sold, mortgaged, pledged, placed a Lien upon or otherwise disposed of any of
the Company\'s or its Subsidiaries\' property or assets (including capital
stock of any of the Company\'s Subsidiaries) outside of the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice with a fair market value in excess
of $10 million; (v) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not acquired any
business, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of property or assets or
otherwise; (vi) there has not been (A) any material increase in
the compensation payable or to become payable to the Company\'s officers or
(B) any establishment, adoption, entry into or amendment of any collective
bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, employment,
termination, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or
arrangement for the benefit of any director, officer or employee, except to
the extent required by Law; and (vii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have
not made any change with respect to accounting policies, except as required
by changes in GAAP or by Law.   (g) Litigation and Liabilities. There are no
(i) civil, criminal or administrative actions, suits, claims, hearings,
investigations or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company\'s
executive officers, threatened against the Company   -15-  or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for those that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect
or (ii) obligations or liabilities, whether or not accrued, contingent or
otherwise and whether or not required to be disclosed, or any other facts or
circumstances that are reasonably likely to result in any obligations or
liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for (A)
liabilities or obligations to the extent (x) reflected on the consolidated
balance sheets of the Company or (y) readily apparent in the notes thereto,
in each case included in the Company\'s annual report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2005, (B) liabilities or obligations incurred in the
ordinary course of business since December 31, 2005, none of which has had or
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, (C) payment or performance obligations under
Contracts required in accordance with their terms, or performance
obligations, to the extent required under applicable Law; or (D) those
liabilities or obligations that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (h)
Employee Benefits.   (i) Section 5.1(h)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter
sets forth a list of each benefit and compensation plan, contract, policy or
arrangement maintained, sponsored or contributed to by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries covering current or former employees of the Company and
its Subsidiaries ("Company Employees") and current or former directors of
the Company, including, but not limited to, "employee benefit plans" within
the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and incentive and bonus, deferred compensation,
stock purchase, restricted stock, stock option, stock appreciation rights or
stock based compensation plans (the "Company Compensation and Benefit
Plans"), except that such Section of the Company Disclosure Letter does not
set forth (A) those plans that did not require (x) the payment to any
individual covered thereby of more than $500,000 during the year ending
December 31, 2005 or (y) the payment to all individuals covered thereby of
more than $2,500,000 during the year ending December 31, 2005 in the
aggregate (unless (i) more than 50 employees are eligible to participate in
the plan, program, contract, policy or arrangement or (ii) the plan, program,
contract, policy or arrangement contains a change-in-control or similar
provision or (iii) the plan, program, contract, policy or arrangement covers
Persons required to file beneficial ownership statements pursuant to Section
16 of the Exchange Act) and (B) Company Compensation and Benefit Plans
maintained outside of the United States primarily for the benefit of Company
Employees working outside of the United States (such plans covered by clause
(B) hereinafter being referred to as the "Company Non U.S. Compensation and
Benefit Plans"). Each Company Compensation and Benefit Plan which has
received a favorable or unfavorable determination letter from the Internal
Revenue Service ("IRS") has been separately identified. True and complete
copies of each Company Compensation and Benefit Plan listed in
Section 5.1(h)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter, including, but not
limited to, any trust agreement or insurance contract forming a part of any
Company   -16-  Compensation and Benefit Plan, and all amendments thereto,
have been provided or made available to Parent.   (ii) Each Company
Compensation and Benefit Plan, other than "multiemployer plans" within the
meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA (each, a "Multiemployer Plan") and the
Company Non U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans (collectively, the "Company
U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans"), is in compliance with, to the extent
applicable, ERISA, the Code, and other applicable Laws, in each case except
for such failures as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each Company U.S.
Compensation and Benefit Plan which is subject to ERISA (an "ERISA Plan")
that is an "employee pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2)
of ERISA (a "Pension Plan") and that is intended to be qualified
under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
letter from the IRS covering all tax Law changes prior to the Economic Growth
and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 or has applied to the IRS for such
favorable determination letter within the applicable remedial amendment
period under Section 401(b) of the Code, and the Company is not aware of any
circumstances likely to result in a loss of the qualification of such plan
under Section 401(a) of the Code. As of the date of this Agreement, there is
no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company\'s executive officers,
threatened litigation relating to the Company U.S. Compensation and Benefit
Plans, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Any voluntary employees\'
beneficiary association within the meaning of Section 501(c)(9) of the Code
which provides benefits under a Company Compensation and Benefit Plan has
received an opinion letter from the IRS recognizing its exempt status under
Section 501(c)(9) of the Code, has timely filed notice under Section 505(c)
of the Code, and the Company is not aware of circumstances likely to result
in the loss of such exempt status under Section 501(c)(9) of the Code, except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to
result in a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction with respect to any ERISA Plan
that would subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a tax or penalty
imposed by either Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has incurred or reasonably expects to incur a tax or penalty
imposed by Section 4980F of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   (iii) No liability under Subtitle C or D of Title
IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing, frozen or terminated "single-
employer plan", within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently
or formerly maintained by any of them, or the single-employer plan of any
entity which is considered one employer with the Company under Section 4001
of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code (a "Company ERISA Affiliate"), except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to  
-17-  have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have not incurred and do not expect to incur any withdrawal
liability with respect to a Multiemployer Plan under Subtitle E of Title IV
of ERISA (regardless of whether based on contributions of a Company ERISA
Affiliate), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. No notice of a
"reportable event", within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, for which
the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived or extended, other than
pursuant to Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation Reg. Section 4043.66, has
been required to be filed for any Company Pension Plans or by any Company
ERISA Affiliates within the 12-month period ending on the date of this
Agreement.   (iv) All contributions required to be made under each Company
U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plan have been timely made and all obligations
in respect of each Company Compensation and Benefit Plan have been properly
accrued and reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet filed
or incorporated by reference in the Company Reports prior to the date of
this Agreement to the extent required by GAAP except, in the case of each of
the foregoing, as would not individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither any Company Pension
Plan nor any single-employer plan of any Company ERISA Affiliate has an
"accumulated funding deficiency" (whether or not waived) within the meaning
of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and no Company ERISA
Affiliate has an outstanding funding waiver. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has provided, or is required to provide, security to any
Pension Plans or to any single-employer plan of any Company ERISA Affiliate
pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code.   (v) Under each Company
Pension Plan which is a single-employer plan, as of the last day of the most
recent plan year ended prior to the date of this Agreement, the actuarially
determined present value of all "benefit liabilities", within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA (as determined on the basis of the actuarial
assumptions contained in the Company Pension Plan\'s most recent actuarial
valuation), did not exceed the then current value of the assets of such
Company Pension Plan, and there has been no material adverse change in the
financial condition of such Company Pension Plan since the last day of the
most recent plan year.   (vi) Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries have
any obligations for retiree health or life benefits under any ERISA Plan or
collective bargaining agreement, except as required by Section 4980B of the
Code or Section 601 of ERISA.   (vii) There has been no amendment to,
announcement by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to, or change
in employee participation or coverage under, any of the Company Compensation
and Benefit Plans that would increase materially the expense of maintaining
such plan above the level of the expense incurred therefor for the most
recent fiscal year, except as required by Law. Except as provided in this
Agreement or as may be required by Law or by any of the Company
Compensation   -18-  and Benefit Plans listed on Section 5.1(h)(vii) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, none of the execution of this Agreement,
shareholder approval of this Agreement, receipt of approval or clearance from
any one or more Governmental Entities of the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or the consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (A) entitle any
employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries to severance pay or any increase
in severance pay upon any termination of employment after the date of this
Agreement; (B) accelerate the time of payment or vesting or result in any
payment or funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or
benefits under, increase the amount payable or result in any other material
obligation pursuant to, any Company U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plan; or
(C) limit or restrict the right of the Company, or, after the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Parent, to merge, amend or
terminate any of the Company U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans.   (viii)
All Company Non-U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans are listed in Section
5.1(h)(viii) of the Company Disclosure Letter and comply with applicable
local Law except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have no unfunded liabilities with respect to any such
Company Non-U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans that are not set forth in
the consolidated balance sheets included in or incorporated by reference into
the Company Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company\'s executive officers, threatened material litigation relating to
the Company Non-U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   (i) Compliance with Laws. The businesses
of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries have not been conducted in
violation of any law, rule, statute, ordinance, regulation, judgment,
determination, order, decree, injunction, arbitration award, license,
authorization, opinion, agency requirement or permit of any Governmental
Entity or common law (collectively, "Laws"), except for violations that would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. No investigation or review by any Governmental
Entity with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company\'s executive officers, threatened, nor has
any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to conduct the same, except
for those the outcome of which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The executive
officers of the Company have not received any notice or communication of any
material noncompliance with any such Laws that has not been cured as of the
date of this Agreement, except for such changes and noncompliance that
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has
obtained and is in substantial compliance with all permits, licenses,
certifications, approvals, registrations, consents, authorizations,
franchises, variances, exemptions and orders   -19-  issued or granted by
a Governmental Entity (collectively, "Licenses") necessary to conduct its
business as presently conducted, except for those the absence of which or
failure to be in compliance with, would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (j) Certain Contracts. Section 5.1(j) of the Company
Disclosure Letter sets forth a list as of the date of this Agreement of each
Contract (other than material Contracts with Parent, Cingular, YP.com and/or
their respective Subsidiaries) to which either the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or bound which, to the knowledge of the executive
officers of the Company (i) provides that any of them will not compete in any
material respect with any other Person, (ii) purports to limit in any
material respect either the type of business in which the Company or its
Subsidiaries, including Cingular (or, after the Effective Time, Parent or its
Subsidiaries), may engage or the manner or locations in which any of them may
so engage in any business or would reasonably be likely to require the
disposition of any material assets or line of business of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, including Cingular or, Parent or its Subsidiaries after the
Effective Time, (iii) requires them to deal exclusively in any material
respect with any Person or group of related Persons or (iv) provides for a
material indemnification obligation by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. A true and complete copy of each such Contract has been made
available to Parent prior to the date of this Agreement.   (k) Takeover
Statutes. The Board of Directors of the Company has taken all appropriate and
necessary actions such that Parts 2 and 3 of Article 11 of the GBCC shall not
apply to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby. No other
"fair price", "moratorium", "control share acquisition" or other similar
anti-takeover statute or regulation (each, a "Takeover Statute") as in effect
on the date of this Agreement is applicable to the Company, the Company
Shares, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
No anti-takeover provision contained in the Company\'s articles of
incorporation, including Article Tenth thereof, or its by-laws is, or at the
Effective Time will be, applicable to the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated hereby.   (l) Environmental Matters. Except for such matters
that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect: (i) each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has complied, and is in compliance, with all applicable
Environmental Laws; (ii) the properties currently owned, leased or operated
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including soils, groundwater,
surface water, buildings or other structures) ("Company Current Properties")
are not contaminated with any Hazardous Substances; (iii) the properties
formerly owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
("Company Former Properties") were not contaminated with Hazardous Substances
during the period of ownership or operation by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries; (iv) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject
to liability for the transportation, disposal or arranging for the
transportation or disposal of any Hazardous Substance at any third party
property; (v) there have been no releases or threatened releases of any
Hazardous   -20-  Substance (x) at any Company Current Property or, to the
knowledge of the Company\'s executive officers, Company Former Properties or
(y) caused by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at any third party
property; (vi) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
any notice, demand, letter, claim or request for information alleging that
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may be in violation of or liable under
any Environmental Law (including any claims relating to electromagnetic
fields or microwave transmissions); (vii) neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is subject to any orders, decrees or injunctions with any
Governmental Entity or is subject to any indemnity or other agreement with
any third party relating to liability under any Environmental Law; and (viii)
to the knowledge of the Company\'s executive officers, there are no
circumstances or conditions involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that could reasonably be likely to result in any claims, liability,
investigations, costs or restrictions on the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or on the ownership, use, or transfer of Company
Current Property or Company Former Property, in each case, pursuant to any
Environmental Law.   As used herein, the term "Environmental Law" means any
Law relating to: (A) the protection, investigation or restoration of the
environment, health, safety, or natural resources, (B) the handling, use,
presence, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance
or (C) noise, odor, wetlands, pollution, contamination or any injury or
threat of injury to persons or property in connection with any Hazardous
Substance.   As used herein, the term "Hazardous Substance" means any
substance that is: listed, classified or regulated pursuant to any
Environmental Law, including any petroleum product or by-product, asbestos-
containing material, lead-containing paint or plumbing, polychlorinated
biphenyls, radioactive materials or radon.   (m) Tax Matters. As of the
date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has
taken or agreed to take any action, nor do the executive officers of the
Company have any knowledge of any fact or circumstance, that would prevent
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement from
qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.   (n) Taxes. Except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) have duly and timely filed
(taking into account any extension of time within which to file) all Tax
Returns (as defined below) required to be filed by any of them on or prior to
the date of this Agreement and all such filed Tax Returns are complete and
accurate in all material respects; (ii) have paid all Taxes (as defined
below) that are required to be paid or that the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries are obligated to withhold from amounts owing to any employee,
creditor or third party, except with respect to matters contested in good
faith or for which adequate reserves have been established; and (iii) have
not waived any statute of limitations with respect to Taxes or agreed to any
extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency. Except  
-21-  as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, as of the date of this Agreement
there are no audits, examinations, investigations or other proceedings in
respect of Taxes or Tax matters, in each case, pending or, to the knowledge
of the executive officers or Controller of the Company, threatened. Except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any member of its
"affiliated group" (within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code) has any
item of income or gain, arising from an intercompany transaction within the
meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-13 that has not yet been taken
into account pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-13. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability for Taxes of any Person
(other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.1502-6 (or any comparable provision of state, local or foreign Law)
except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax sharing agreement (with any Person other
than the Company and/or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries), except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a
"controlled corporation" within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the
Code in any distribution intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under
Section 355 of the Code occurring during the last 30 months. No payments to
be made to any of the officers and employees of the Company or its
Subsidiaries will, as a result of consummation of the Merger, be subject to
the deduction limitations under Section 280G of the Code.   As used in this
Agreement, (i) the term "Tax" (including, with correlative meaning, the term
"Taxes") includes all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits,
franchise, gross receipts, environmental, customs duty, capital stock,
severance, stamp, payroll, sales, employment, unemployment, disability, use,
property, withholding, excise, production, value added, occupancy and other
taxes, duties or assessments of any nature whatsoever, together with all
interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts and
any interest in respect of such penalties and additions, and (ii) the term
"Tax Return" includes all returns and reports (including
elections, declarations, disclosures, schedules, estimates and information
returns) required to be supplied to a Tax authority relating to Taxes.  
(o) Labor Matters. Section 5.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth
a list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each material
collective bargaining agreement or other similar Contract with a labor union
or labor organization to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party. Except in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) (except
for proceedings involving individual employees arising in the ordinary course
of business) neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the subject of
any proceeding asserting that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
committed an unfair labor practice or is seeking to compel the Company to
bargain with any labor union or labor organization and (ii) there is no
pending or, to the knowledge of the   -22-  Company\'s executive
officers, threatened in writing, nor has there been for the past five years,
any labor strike, dispute, walkout, work stoppage, slow-down or lockout
involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (p) Intellectual
Property. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries owns or has a valid right
to use, or can acquire on reasonable terms, all Intellectual Property and
Information Technology necessary to carry on its business as operated by it
on the date of this Agreement, except where the absence of such rights would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice of infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with
respect to any Intellectual Property of third parties which would reasonably
be likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   As used herein,  (1) "Computer Software" means all
computer software and databases (including without limitation source code,
object code and all related documentation).  (2) "Information Technology"
means the computers, Computer Software, firmware, middleware, servers,
workstations, routers, hubs, switches, data communications lines, and all
other information technology equipment and elements, and associated
documentation, in each case, which are necessary for the operation of the
business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as conducted as of
the date of this Agreement.  (3) "Intellectual Property" means,
collectively, all United States and foreign (A) trademarks, service marks,
brand names, certification marks, collective marks, d/b/a\'s, Internet domain
names, logos, symbols, trade dress, assumed names, fictitious names, trade
names, and other indicia of origin, all applications and registrations for
the foregoing, and all goodwill associated therewith and symbolized thereby,
including all renewals of same; (B) inventions and discoveries, whether
patentable or not, and all patents, registrations, invention disclosures and
applications therefor, including divisions, continuations, continuations-in-
part and renewal applications, and including renewals, extensions and
reissues; (C) trade secrets and confidential information and know-how,
including processes, schematics, business methods, formulae, drawings,
prototypes, models, designs, customer lists and supplier lists; (D) published
and unpublished works of authorship, whether copyrightable or not (including
without limitation databases and other compilations of information),
copyrights therein and thereto, and registrations and applications therefor,
and all renewals, extensions, restorations and reversions thereof; (E) moral
rights, rights of publicity and rights of privacy; and (F) all
other intellectual property or proprietary rights.   (q) Affiliate
Transactions. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no transactions,
arrangements or Contracts between the Company and its Subsidiaries, on the
one hand, and its affiliates (other than its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) or
other   -23-  Persons, on the other hand, that would be required to be
disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.   (r)
Insurance. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage with
reputable insurers in such amounts and covering such risks as are in
accordance with normal industry practice for companies engaged in
businesses similar to that of the Company or its Subsidiaries (taking into
account the cost and availability of such insurance).   (s) Rights
Agreement. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved Parent and its
Affiliates (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and Associates (as defined
the Rights Agreement) as the Beneficial Owner (as defined in the Rights
Agreement) of all of the Voting Securities (as defined in the Rights
Agreement) and as the holder of all of the Voting Power (as defined in the
Rights Agreement) and such approval has not been revoked, withdrawn
or modified. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall be deemed to be an
Acquiring Person (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) and the
Distribution Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall not be deemed to
occur and the Rights will not separate from the Company Shares, as a result
of entering into this Agreement or consummating the Merger and/or the other
transactions contemplated hereby.   (t) Brokers and Finders. Neither the
Company nor any of the Company\'s officers, directors or employees has
employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any brokerage
fees, commissions or finders, fees in connection with the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated in this Agreement, except that the Company has
employed Goldman, Sachs and Co. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. as the
Company\'s financial advisors, the arrangements with which have been
disclosed to Parent prior to the date of this Agreement.   (u) No Other
Representations and Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties
of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Company is not making and has
not made, and no other Person is making or has made on behalf of the Company,
any express or implied representation or warranty in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and no Person is
authorized to make any such representations and warranties on behalf of the
Company.   5.2 Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.
Except as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered to the Company by
Parent at the time of entering into this Agreement (the "Parent Disclosure
Letter"), or, to the extent the qualifying nature of such disclosure with
respect to a specific representation and warranty is reasonably apparent
therefrom, as set forth in the Parent Reports or the T Reports filed with the
SEC, on or after January 1, 2005 and prior to the date of this Agreement,
(excluding all disclosures in any "Risk Factors" Section) (it being
understood that the exclusion with respect to the "Risk Factors" section in
the prior parenthetical and in Section 7.3(d) shall not be deemed a
qualification of the matters expressly set out in the   -24-  Parent
Disclosure Letter or the exceptions in the definition of "Parent
Material Adverse Effect"), Parent and Merger Sub hereby represent and warrant
to the Company as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
that:   (a) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. Each of
Parent and its Subsidiaries is a legal entity duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of its respective jurisdiction
of organization and has all requisite corporate or similar power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on
its business as presently conducted and is qualified to do business and is in
good standing as a foreign legal entity in each jurisdiction where the
ownership, leasing or operation of its assets or properties or conduct of its
business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so
organized, qualified or in good standing, or to have such power or authority,
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect. Prior to the date of this Agreement, Parent
has made available to the Company a complete and correct copy of the
Parent\'s certificate of incorporation and by-laws, each as in effect and as
amended through the date of this Agreement.   As used in this Agreement
"Parent Material Adverse Effect" means (x) an effect that would prevent or
materially delay or impair the ability of Parent to consummate the Merger or
(y) a material adverse effect on the financial condition, properties, assets,
liabilities, business or results of operations of Parent and its
Subsidiaries, including its interest in Cingular, YP.com and any of their
respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding any such
effect resulting from or arising in connection with changes or conditions (A)
generally affecting (I) the United States economy or financial or securities
markets, (II) political conditions in the United States or (III) the United
States telecommunications industry or any generally recognized business
segment of such industry, (B) generally affecting the telecommunications
industry (or any generally recognized business segment of such industry) in
any of the Parent Regions, each taken as a whole, (C) resulting from any
hurricane, earthquake or other natural disaster in any of the Parent Regions,
(D) resulting from the execution, announcement or performance of this
Agreement, or (E) resulting from or arising in connection with the financial
condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or results of operations
of Cingular, YP.com or any of their respective Subsidiaries; and (iii) the
"Parent Regions" means each of the states of (A) California and Nevada, (B),
Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin; (C) Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma,
Arkansas and Texas and (D) Connecticut.   (b) Capital Structure. (i) The
authorized capital stock of Parent consists of 7,000,000,000 shares of Parent
Common Stock, of which 3,884,566,072 shares of Parent Common Stock were
issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2006, and 1,000,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Parent Preferred Stock"), of
which 768,390.4 shares were outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. All
of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Preferred Stock
have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable.   -25-  Section 5.2(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter
contains a correct and complete list as of February 28, 2006 of (x) the
number of outstanding options to purchase Parent Common Stock (each, a
"Parent Option") under the Parent Compensation and Benefit Plans, the
exercise price of all Parent Options and number of shares of Parent Common
Stock issuable at such exercise price and (y) the number of outstanding
rights to receive Parent Common Stock (including without limitation
restricted stock and restricted stock units), under the Parent Compensation
and Benefit Plans (each a "Parent Common Stock Unit"). From February 28, 2006
to the date of this Agreement, Parent has not issued any Parent Common Stock
except pursuant to the exercise of Parent Options and the settlement of
Parent Common Stock Units outstanding on February 28, 2006 in accordance with
their terms and since February 28, 2006 Parent has not issued any Parent
Options or Parent Common Stock Units. Except as set forth in this Section
5.2(b), as of the date of this Agreement, there are no preemptive or other
outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion rights, stock appreciation
rights, redemption rights, repurchase rights, agreements, arrangements,
calls, commitments or rights of any kind that obligate Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries to issue or sell any shares of capital stock or other equity
securities of Parent or any securities or obligations convertible
or exchangeable into or exercisable for, or giving any Person a right to
subscribe for or acquire from Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, any equity
securities of Parent, and no securities or obligations of Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries evidencing such rights are authorized, issued or
outstanding. Except as set forth in this Section 5.2(b), as of the date of
this Agreement, Parent does not have outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes
or other obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or
convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with
the stockholders of Parent on any matter.   (ii) As of the date of this
Agreement, each of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other
securities of each of Parent\'s Subsidiaries that constitute a Significant
Subsidiary, which term shall not be deemed to include Cingular, YP.com or any
of their respective Subsidiaries, has been duly authorized and validly issued
and is fully paid and nonassessable and owned by Parent or by a direct or
indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent, free and clear of any Lien,
except for such Liens as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. As of the date
of this Agreement, there are no preemptive or other outstanding
rights, options, warrants, conversion rights, stock appreciation rights,
redemption rights, repurchase rights, agreements, arrangements, calls,
commitments or rights of any kind that obligate Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries to issue or sell any shares of capital stock or other equity
securities of any of Parent\'s Subsidiaries (including Cingular) or any
securities or obligations convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable
for, or giving any Person a right to subscribe for or acquire from Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries any equity securities of any of Parent\'s
Subsidiaries (including Cingular), and no securities or obligations of Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries evidencing such rights are authorized, issued or
outstanding. To the knowledge of Parent\'s executive officers, as of the date
of this Agreement, no Person or group beneficially owns 5% or more of
Parent\'s outstanding voting securities, with the terms "group" and
"beneficially owns"   -26-  having the meanings ascribed to them under
Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act.   (iii) The authorized
capital stock of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares of Common Stock, par
value $1.00 per share, all of which are validly issued and outstanding. All
of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Merger Sub is, and at the
Effective Time will be, owned, directly or indirectly, by Parent, and there
are (i) no other shares of capital stock or other voting securities of Merger
Sub, (ii) no securities of Merger Sub convertible into or exchangeable for
shares of capital stock or other voting securities of Merger Sub and (iii) no
options or other rights to acquire from Merger Sub, and no obligations of
Merger Sub to issue, any capital stock, other voting securities or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or other voting securities
of Merger Sub. Merger Sub has not conducted any business prior to the date of
this Agreement and has no, and prior to the Effective Time will have
no, assets, liabilities or obligations of any nature other than those
incident to its formation and pursuant to this Agreement and the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Corporate
Authority; Approval and Fairness. Parent and Merger Sub each have all
requisite corporate power and authority and each has taken all corporate
action necessary in order to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and to consummate, subject only to the approval by the
stockholders of Parent by a majority of votes cast on the proposal to issue
the shares of Parent Common Stock required to be issued in the
Merger; provided that the total vote cast represents over 50% of all of the
outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock (the "Parent Requisite Vote"). This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and
is a valid and binding agreement of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable
against each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms, subject
to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. The shares of Parent Common Stock,
when issued pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, and no stockholder of Parent will have any preemptive
right of subscription or purchase in respect thereof. The Board of Directors
of Parent has (A) unanimously approved this Agreement and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and resolved to recommend that the holders
of Parent Common Stock vote in favor of the issuance of Parent Common Stock
required to be issued in the Merger pursuant to this Agreement (the "Parent
Recommendation"), (B) received the opinions of its financial advisors, Lehman
Brothers Inc. and Evercore Financial Advisors LLC, Inc., dated as of the date
of this Agreement, to the effect that the Exchange Ratio is fair from a
financial point of view to Parent and (C) directed that the proposal to issue
shares of Parent Common Stock required to be issued in the Merger be
submitted to the holders of Parent Common Stock for their approval.   (d)
Governmental Filings; No Violations. (i) Other than the necessary notices,
reports, filings, consents, registrations, approvals, permits or
authorizations (A) pursuant to Section 1.3, (B) required under the HSR
Act, the EC Merger Regulation (if applicable), the Exchange Act and the
Securities Act, (C) to comply with state securities or "blue-sky" laws, (D)
with or to the FCC pursuant to the Communications   -27-  Act, (E) with
or to the local, state and foreign PUCs and local, state and foreign
Governmental Entities pursuant to applicable local, state or
foreign Utilities Laws and (F) if any, of the foreign regulatory bodies
pursuant to applicable foreign laws regulating actions having the purpose or
effect of monopolization or restraint of trade, no filings, notices and/or
reports are required to be made by Parent or Merger Sub with, nor are any
consents, registrations, approvals, permits or authorizations required to be
obtained by Parent or Merger Sub from, any Governmental Entity, in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Parent and
Merger Sub and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby, except those that the failure to
make or obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   (ii) The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub do not,
and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby will not, constitute or result in (A) a
breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or a default
under Parent\'s certificate of incorporation or by-laws, (B) a breach or
violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or a default under, the
certificate of incorporation, by-laws or the comparable governing instruments
of any of Parent\'s Significant Subsidiaries, (C) a breach or violation of,
or a default or termination (or right of termination) under, the acceleration
of any obligations or the creation of an obligation, Lien or pledge, security
interest or other encumbrance on Parent\'s assets or the assets of any of its
Subsidiaries (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any
Contract binding upon Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or, assuming the
filings, notices and/or approvals referred to in Section 5.2(d)(i) are made
or obtained, any Law or governmental or non-governmental permit or license to
which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is subject or (D) any change in the
rights or obligations of any party under any of its Contracts, except, in the
case of clauses (C) and (D), for any breach, violation, termination, default,
acceleration, creation or change that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
The Parent Disclosure Letter sets forth a correct and complete list of
Contracts of Parent and its Subsidiaries pursuant to which consents or
waivers are or may be required prior to consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement other than those where the failure to obtain
such consents or waivers would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   (e)
Reports; Financial Statements. (i) Each of Parent and, to the knowledge of
the executive officers of Parent, ATandT; Corporation, a New York corporation
("T"), has filed and furnished all forms, statements, reports and documents
required to be filed or furnished by it with or to the SEC pursuant
to applicable securities statutes, regulations, policies and rules since
December 31, 2004 (collectively, such forms, statements, reports and
documents filed with or furnished to the SEC since December 31, 2004, or
those filed with or furnished to the SEC subsequent to the date of this
Agreement, and as amended, the "Parent Reports" and the "T Reports",
respectively).   -28-  Each of the Parent Reports and, to the knowledge of
the executive officers of Parent, the T Reports at the time of its filing or
being furnished complied, or if not yet filed or furnished in the case of
Parent Reports, will comply, as to form, in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and Sarbanes-
Oxley, and any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder applicable to the
Parent Reports and the T Reports, as the case may be. As of their respective
dates (and, if amended, as of the date of such amendment) the Parent Reports
and, to the knowledge of the executive officers of Parent, the T Reports did
not, and any of the Parent Reports filed with or furnished to the SEC
subsequent to the date of this Agreement will not, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of
the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.   (ii) Parent
maintains, and, to the knowledge of the executive officers of Parent, prior
to its acquisition by Parent, T maintained, disclosure controls and
procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Such disclosure
controls and procedures are or were, as applicable, designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by Parent and T, as applicable, in the
reports it files or filed, as applicable, or submits or submitted,
as applicable, under the Exchange Act is or were, as applicable,
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time frames specified
by the SEC\'s rules and forms. Parent maintains, and, to the knowledge of the
executive officers of Parent, prior to its acquisition by Parent, T
maintained, internal control over financial reporting as required by Rule
13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Such internal control over financial reporting
are or were, as applicable, in the case of Parent, in the case of T, to the
knowledge of the executive officers of Parent, designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect or reflected, as applicable, the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of Parent or T, as applicable, (ii) provide or
provided, as applicable, reasonable assurance that transactions are or were,
as applicable, recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of Parent or T, as applicable, are being made
or were made, as applicable, only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the Parent or T, as applicable, and (iii) provide
or provided, as applicable, reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the
assets of Parent or T, as applicable, that could have a material effect on
its financial statements. Parent has disclosed, based on the most
recent evaluation of its chief executive officer and its chief financial
officer prior to the date of this Agreement, to Parent\'s auditors and the
audit committee of Parent\'s board of directors (A) any significant
deficiencies in the design or operation of its internal controls over
financial reporting that are or were, as applicable, reasonably likely to
adversely affect Parent\'s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information and has identified for Parent\'s auditors and audit
committee of Parent\'s board of directors any material weaknesses in its
internal control over   -29-  financial reporting and (B) any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in Parent\'s internal control over financial reporting.
Parent has made available to the Company prior to the date of this Agreement
a summary of any such disclosure made by management of Parent to Parent\'s
auditors and audit committee since December 31, 2004. Since December 31, 2004
and prior to the date of this Agreement, no material complaints from any
source regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing
matters, and no material concerns from Parent employees (including former
employees of T and its Subsidiaries) regarding questionable accounting or
auditing matters, have been received by Parent or, to the knowledge of the
executive officers of Parent, T. Parent has made available to the Company
prior to the date of this Agreement a summary of all material complaints or
concerns relating to other matters made since December 31, 2004 and through
the date of this Agreement through Parent\'s and, to the knowledge of the
executive officers of Parent, T\'s whistleblower hot-lines or
equivalent systems for receipt of employee concerns regarding possible
violations of Law by Parent, T or any of their Subsidiaries or any of their
respective employees. No attorney representing Parent, T or any of their
respective Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by Parent, T or any of their
Subsidiaries, has, in the case of T to the knowledge of the executive
officers of Parent, reported evidence of a violation of securities laws,
breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by Parent or T or any of their
respective officers, directors, employees or agents to Parent\'s or T\'s
chief legal officer, audit committee (or other committee designated for the
purpose) of the board of directors or the board of directors pursuant to the
rules adopted pursuant to Section 307 of Sarbanes-Oxley or any Parent or T
policy contemplating such reporting, including in instances not required by
those rules.   (iii) Each of the consolidated balance sheets included in
or incorporated by reference into the Parent Reports and the T Reports
(including the related notes and schedules) fairly presents the consolidated
financial position of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries or T and its
consolidated Subsidiaries, as applicable, as of its date, and each of the
consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and of changes in
stockholders\' equity included in or incorporated by reference into the
Parent Reports and the T Reports (including any related notes and schedules)
fairly presents the results of operations, retained earnings and changes in
financial position, as the case may be, of Parent and its consolidated
Subsidiaries or T and its consolidated Subsidiaries, as applicable, for the
periods set forth therein (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to
notes and normal year-end audit adjustments that will not be material in
amount or effect), in each case in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
during the periods involved, except as may be noted therein; provided that
with respect to T Reports such representations are made only to the knowledge
of the executive officers of Parent.   (f) Absence of Certain Changes. Since
December 31, 2005 there has not been any event, occurrence, discovery or
development which has had or would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Since December
31, 2005, and through the date of this Agreement: (i) Parent and its
Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses only in, and have not
engaged   -30-  in any material transaction other than in accordance with,
the ordinary and usual course of such businesses; (ii) except for normal
quarterly cash dividends in an amount equal to $.3325 per share of Parent
Common Stock, Parent and its non-wholly-owned Subsidiaries have not declared,
set aside or paid any dividend or distribution payable in cash, stock or
property in respect of any capital stock; (iii) Parent and its Subsidiaries
have not incurred any material indebtedness for borrowed money or guaranteed
such indebtedness of another Person, or issued or sold any debt securities or
warrants or other rights to acquire any debt security of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries other than in the ordinary course of business; (iv) Parent and
its Subsidiaries have not acquired any business, whether by merger,
consolidation, purchase of property or assets or otherwise; and (v) Parent
and its Subsidiaries have not made any material change with respect to
accounting policies except as required by changes in GAAP or by Law.   (g)
Litigation and Liabilities. There are no (i) civil, criminal
or administrative actions, suits, claims, hearings, investigations or
proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Parent\'s executive officers,
threatened against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, except for those that
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect or (ii) obligations or liabilities, whether or
not accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether or not required to be
disclosed, or any other facts or circumstances that are reasonably likely to
result in any obligations or liabilities of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for (A) liabilities or obligations to the extent (x)
reflected on the consolidated balance sheets of Parent or (y) readily
apparent in the notes thereto, in each case included in Parent\'s annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, (B) liabilities or
obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business since December 31,
2005, none of which has had or would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, (C) payment or
performance obligations under Contracts required in accordance with their
terms, or performance obligations, to the extent required under
applicable Law or (D) those liabilities or obligations that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.   (h) Employee Benefits   (i) For purposes of
this Section 5.2(h), "Parent Compensation and Benefit Plan" means each
material benefit and compensation plan, contract, policy or arrangement
maintained, sponsored or contributed to by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
covering current or former employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries ("Parent
Employees") and current or former directors of Parent, including, but not
limited to, "employee benefit plans" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of
ERISA, and incentive and bonus, deferred compensation, stock purchase,
restricted stock, stock option, stock appreciation rights or stock based
compensation plans, other than those Parent Compensation and Benefit
Plans maintained outside of the United States primarily for the benefit of
Parent Employees working outside of the United States (the "Parent Non
U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans"). For all purposes under this Agreement
other than   -31-  Section 5.2(h), Parent Compensation and Benefit Plans
shall be read without the word material.   (ii) Each Parent Compensation
and Benefit Plan, other than Multiemployer Plans (collectively, the "Parent
U.S. Compensation and Benefit Plans"), is in compliance with, to the extent
applicable, ERISA, the Code, and other applicable Laws, in each case except
for such failures as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Each Parent U.S.
Compensation and Benefit Plan which an ERISA Plan that is a Pension Plan and
that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has
received a favorable determination letter from the IRS covering all tax Law
changes prior to the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of
2001 or has applied to the IRS for such favorable determination letter within
the applicable remedial amendment period under Section 401(b) of the Code and
Parent is not aware of any circumstances likely to result in the loss of the
qualification of such plan under Section 401(a) of the Code.   (iii) No
liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected
to be incurred by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any
ongoing, frozen or terminated "single-employer plan", within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently or formerly maintained by any of
them, or the single-employer plan of any entity which is considered
one employer with the Parent under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of
the Code ("Parent ERISA Affiliate"), except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
Parent and its Subsidiaries have not incurred and do not expect to incur any
withdrawal liability with respect to a Multiemployer Plan under Subtitle E of
Title IV of ERISA (regardless of whether based on contributions of Parent
ERISA Affiliate), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   (iv)
Except as provided in this Agreement or as may be required by Law, none of
the execution of this Agreement, shareholder approval of this Agreement,
receipt of approval or clearance from any one or more Governmental Entities
of the Merger, or the consummation of the Merger will (A) entitle
any employees of Parent or its Subsidiaries to severance pay or any increase
in severance pay upon any termination of employment after the date of
this Agreement; or (B) accelerate the time of payment or vesting or result in
any payment or funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation
or benefits under, increase the amount payable or result in any other
substantial obligation pursuant to, any Parent U.S. Compensation and Benefit
Plan, in either case, which would be reasonably likely to result in a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.   (i) Compliance with Laws. The businesses of each
of Parent and its Subsidiaries have not been conducted in violation of any
Law, except for violations that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. No
investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to  
-32-  Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of
Parent\'s executive officers, threatened, nor has any Governmental Entity
indicated an intention to conduct the same, except for those the outcome of
which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries
has obtained and is in substantial compliance with all Licenses necessary to
conduct its business as presently conducted, except for those the absence of
which, or failure to be in compliance with, would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.  
(j) Takeover Statutes. No Takeover Statute or any anti-takeover provision in
the Parent\'s certificate of incorporation or by-laws is, or at the Effective
Time will be, applicable to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   (k) Environmental Matters. Except for such matters that
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect: (i) each of Parent and its Subsidiaries has
complied, and is in compliance, with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii)
the properties currently owned, leased or operated by Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries (including soils, groundwater, surface water, buildings or other
structures) ("Parent Current Properties") are not contaminated with any
Hazardous Substances; (iii) the properties formerly owned or operated by
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries ("Parent Former Properties") were not
contaminated with Hazardous Substances during the period of ownership or
operation by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) neither Parent nor any
of its Subsidiaries is subject to liability for the transportation, disposal
or arranging for the transportation or disposal of any Hazardous Substance at
any third party property; (v) there have been no releases or threatened
releases of any Hazardous Substance (x) at any Parent Current Property or, to
the knowledge of Parent\'s executive officers, Parent Former Properties or
(y) caused by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries at any third party property;
(vi) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice,
demand, letter, claim or request for information alleging that Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries may be in violation of or liable under any Environmental
Law (including any claims relating to electromagnetic fields or microwave
transmissions); (vii) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject
to any orders, decrees or injunctions with any Governmental Entity or is
subject to any indemnity or other agreement with any third party relating to
liability under any Environmental Law; and (viii) to the knowledge of
Parent\'s executive officers, there are no circumstances or conditions
involving Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be likely
to result in any claims, liability, investigations, costs or restrictions on
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or on the ownership, use, or transfer of
Parent Current Property or Parent Former Property, in each case, pursuant to
any Environmental Law.   (l) Tax Matters. As of the date of this Agreement,
neither Parent nor any of its affiliates has taken or agreed to take any
action, nor do the executive officers of Parent have any knowledge of any
fact or circumstance, that would prevent the Merger   -33-  and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement from qualifying as
a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (m)
Taxes. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, Parent and each of its
Subsidiaries (i) have duly and timely filed (taking into account
any extension of time within which to file) all Tax Returns required to be
filed by any of them on or prior to the date of this Agreement and all such
filed Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all material respects; (ii)
have paid all Taxes that are required to be paid or that Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries are obligated to withhold from amounts owing to any employee,
creditor or third party, except with respect to matters contested in good
faith or for which adequate reserves have been established; and (iii) have
not waived any statute of limitations with respect to Taxes or agreed to any
extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency. Except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect, as of the date of this Agreement there are no
audits, examinations, investigations or other proceedings in respect of Taxes
or Tax matters, in each case, pending or, to the knowledge of the executive
officers of Parent or its Controller, threatened. Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect, neither Parent nor any member of its "affiliated
group" (within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code) has any item of
income or gain, arising from an intercompany transaction within the meaning
of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-13 that has not yet been taken into
account pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-13. Neither Parent nor
any of its Subsidiaries has any liability for Taxes of any Person (other than
Parent and its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or
any comparable provision of state, local or foreign Law) except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
party to any Tax sharing agreement (with any Person other than Parent and/or
any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries), except as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse
Effect. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has constituted either a
"distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" within the meaning
of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code in any distribution intended to qualify
for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code occurring during the
last 30 months.   (n) Labor Matters. Section 5.2(n) of the Parent Disclosure
Letter sets forth a list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each material
collective bargaining agreement or other similar Contract with a labor union
or labor organization to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party.
Except in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, (i) (except
for proceedings involving individual employees arising in the ordinary course
of business) neither Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is the subject of any
proceeding asserting that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has committed an
unfair labor practice or is seeking to compel Parent to bargain with any
labor union or labor organization and (ii) there is no pending or, to the
knowledge of Parent\'s executive officers, threatened in   -34-  writing,
nor has there been for the past five years, any labor strike,
dispute, walkout, work stoppage, slow-down or lockout involving Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries.   (o) Intellectual Property. Each of the Parent and
its Subsidiaries owns or has a valid right to use, or can acquire on
reasonable terms, all Intellectual Property and Information Technology
necessary to carry on its business as operated by it on the date of this
Agreement, except where the absence of such rights would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Parent
nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of infringement of or
conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual
Property of third parties which would reasonably be likely, individually or
in the aggregate, to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   (p) Affiliate
Transactions. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no transactions,
arrangements or Contracts between Parent and its Subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and its affiliates (other than its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) or other
Persons, on the other hand, that would be required to be disclosed under Item
404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.   (q) Insurance. Parent and
its Subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage with reputable insurers in such
amounts and covering such risks as are in accordance with normal industry
practice for companies engaged in businesses similar to that of Parent or its
Subsidiaries (taking into account the cost and availability of such
insurance).   (r) Brokers and Finders. Neither Parent nor any of
Parent\'s officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or finder
or incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or finders,
fees in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated in
this Agreement, except that Parent has employed Lehman Brothers Inc.,
Evercore Financial Advisors LLC, and Rohatyn and Associates as its financial
advisers, the arrangements with which have been disclosed to the Company
prior to the date of this Agreement.   (s) No Other Representations and
Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties of Parent and
Merger Sub contained in this Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub are not making
and have not made, and no other Person is making or has made on behalf of
Parent or Merger Sub, any express or implied representation or warranty in
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and
no Person is authorized to make any such representations and warranties on
behalf of Parent or Merger Sub.   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS   6.1 Interim
Operations. (a) The Company covenants and agrees as to itself and its
Subsidiaries that from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the
Effective Time, the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be
conducted in   -35-  the ordinary and usual course and, to the extent
consistent therewith, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall use reasonable
best efforts to preserve its business organization intact and maintain the
Company\'s existing relations and goodwill with customers, suppliers,
regulators, distributors, creditors, lessors, employees and business
associates in each case unless Parent shall approve in writing (which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and except as
expressly contemplated by this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Section
6.1(a) shall require the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective directors or officers to approve or consent to the taking of any
action by Cingular, YP.com or any of their respective Subsidiaries. For
the avoidance of doubt, any reference in this Section 6.1(a) to an aggregate
amount with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to
refer to the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The
Company covenants and agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that, from and
after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time (unless
Parent shall otherwise approve in writing (which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), and except as otherwise expressly
contemplated by this Agreement or disclosed in the Company Disclosure
Letter):   (i) the Company shall not (A) amend the Company\'s articles
of incorporation or by-laws; (B) amend, modify or terminate the Rights
Agreement in any manner adverse to Parent\'s rights hereunder or exempt any
other Person as an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement)
thereunder, (C) amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision under any
standstill agreement unless an amendment, modification, termination or waiver
which is the same in all substantive respects is unconditionally offered to
be made with respect to the standstill agreement applicable to Parent
(provided, that any such amendment to the standstill agreement with Parent
need remain in effect only until the termination of this Agreement), (D)
split, combine, subdivide or reclassify its outstanding shares of capital
stock; (C) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or distribution payable in
cash, stock or property in respect of any capital stock, other than regular
quarterly cash dividends on the Company Shares in amounts not to exceed $0.29
per fiscal quarter; or (D) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or permit
any of the Company\'s Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire any
shares of its capital stock or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock, except that
the Company may repurchase Company Shares in the ordinary course of business
(x) as necessary to effect (I) the issuance of Company Shares in respect of
Company Options and Company Awards or otherwise under Company Stock Plans and
(II) the issuance of Company Shares under the Company Direct Investment Plan
and (y) not to exceed $500 million in any fiscal quarter;   (ii) the Company
shall not merge, consolidate or adopt a plan of liquidation, or permit any of
its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate or adopt a plan of liquidation,
except for any such transactions among wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the
Company and the Company and except for acquisitions permitted by clause (ix)
below effected by a means of a merger or consolidation of a Subsidiary of the
Company;   -36-   (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall take any action that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;   (iv)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall terminate, establish,
adopt, enter into, make any new grants or awards of stock-based compensation
or other benefits under, amend or otherwise modify, any Company Compensation
and Benefit Plans or increase the salary, wage, bonus or other compensation
of any directors, officers or key employees except (A) for grants or awards
to directors, officers and employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries under
Company Compensation and Benefit Plans in existence as of the date of this
Agreement in such amounts and on such terms as are consistent with past
practice; (B) in the normal and usual course of business (which shall include
normal periodic performance reviews and related Company Compensation
and Benefit Plan increases in compensation and employee benefits and the
provision of compensation and employee benefits under the Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans consistent with past practice for current,
promoted or newly hired officers and employees and the adoption of Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans for employees of new Subsidiaries in amounts
and on terms consistent with past practice), provided that in no event shall
the Company (x) institute a broad based change in compensation or, (y)
increase or institute any new severance, change in control, termination or
deferred compensation benefits, or (C) for actions necessary to satisfy
existing contractual obligations under Company Compensation and Benefit Plans
existing as of the date of this Agreement, provided that in no event shall
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) take any action to fund or in any
other way secure the payment of compensation or benefits (other than rabbi
trusts listed in Section 5.1(h)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter in
accordance with their terms), (ii) take any action to accelerate the vesting
or payment of any compensation or benefits (other than with respect to
officers and other employees whose employment terminates prior to the
Effective Time (x) as required by the terms of a Company Compensation and
Benefit Plan in effect on the date of this Agreement or (y) in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice (but in the case of (y)
excluding officers of the Company who are subject to Section 16 of
the Exchange Act)), (iii) other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, materially change any actuarial or other
assumptions used to calculate funding obligations with respect to any
Compensation and Benefit Plan or change the manner in which contributions to
such plans are made or the basis on which such contributions are determined,
except as may be required by GAAP or applicable Law, or (iv) amend the terms
of any outstanding equity-based award (other than with respect to officers
and other employees whose employment terminates prior to the Effective Time
(x) as required by the terms of a Company Compensation and Benefit Plan in
effect on the date of this Agreement or (y) in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice (but in the case of (y) excluding
officers of the Company who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange
Act));   (v) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall incur
any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee such indebtedness of
another Person, or   -37-  issue or sell any debt securities or warrants
or other rights to acquire any debt security of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for (A) indebtedness for borrowed money incurred in the
ordinary course of business not to exceed $1.5 billion in the aggregate; (B)
indebtedness for borrowed money in replacement of existing indebtedness for
borrowed money or any indebtedness permitted to be incurred under this clause
(v), (C) guarantees by the Company of indebtedness of its wholly-owned
Subsidiaries or (D) interest rate swaps on customary commercial terms
consistent with past practice and not to exceed $750 million of notional debt
in the aggregate in addition to notional debt currently under swap or similar
agreements;   (vi) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
make or commit to any capital expenditures other than in the ordinary course
of business and in any event not in excess of 110% of the aggregate amount
reflected in the Company\'s capital expenditure budget for the year in which
such capital expenditures are made, a copy of which capital expenditure
budget for 2006 and 2007 is attached to the Company Disclosure Letter;  
(vii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall (A) transfer,
lease, license, sell, mortgage, pledge, place a Lien upon or
otherwise dispose of any of the Company\'s or its Subsidiaries\' interest in
Cingular (other than transfers to the Company or wholly-owned Subsidiaries of
the Company) or (B) otherwise transfer, lease, license, sell, mortgage,
pledge, place a Lien upon or otherwise dispose of any other property or
assets (including capital stock of any of its Subsidiaries) with a fair
market value in excess of $500 million in the aggregate, except in the case
of the clause (B) for (x) transfers, leases, licenses, sales, mortgages,
pledges, Liens, or other dispositions in the ordinary course of business and
(y) mortgages, pledges and Liens to secure indebtedness for borrowed money
permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (v) above and of a type and under
circumstances consistent with past practice;   (viii) neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries shall issue, deliver, sell, or encumber shares of
its capital stock or any securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants
or options to acquire, any such shares except: (A) any Company Shares issued
pursuant to Company Options and Company Awards outstanding on the date of
this Agreement under the Company Stock Plans, Company Awards and awards of
performance shares granted hereafter under the Company Stock Plans in
accordance with this Agreement and Company Shares issuable pursuant to such
Company Awards; (B) any Company Shares issued pursuant to the Company Direct
Investment Plan; (C) Company Awards or performance shares issued in the
ordinary course of business under the Company Stock Plans; provided that
Company Awards and performance shares in respect of no more than 400,000
Company Shares may be issued in the aggregate and (D) issuances of capital
stock by wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company to the Company or
any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company;   (ix) neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries shall spend in excess of $1 billion in the aggregate
to acquire any business, whether by merger,   -38-  consolidation,
purchase of property or assets or otherwise (valuing any non-
cash consideration at its fair market value as of the date of the agreement
for such acquisition); provided that neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall make, or agree to make, any acquisition that would
reasonably be likely to prevent or materially delay or impair the Merger or
the Company\'s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
For purposes of this clause (ix), the amount spent with respect to any
acquisition shall be deemed to include the aggregate amount of capital
expenditures that the Company is obligated to make at any time or is
reasonably likely to make as a result of such acquisition within two years
after the date of acquisition;   (x) neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall make any change with respect to accounting policies,
except as required by changes in GAAP or by Law, or except as the Company,
based upon the advice of its independent auditors, and after consultation
with Parent, determines in good faith is advisable to conform to best
accounting practices;   (xi) except as required by Law, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries shall (i) make any material Tax election or take
any material position on any material Tax Return filed on or after the date
of this Agreement or adopt any material method therefor that is inconsistent
with elections made, positions taken or methods used in preparing or filing
similar Tax Returns in prior periods or (ii) settle or resolve any material
Tax controversy;   (xii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall (a) enter into any material line of business in any geographic area
other than the current businesses of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
in the geographic areas where they are conducted, as of the date of this
Agreement or except as conducted as of the date of this Agreement, engage in
the conduct of any business in any geographic area which would require a
License issued or granted by a Governmental Entity to be obtained by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or file for any License to be issued by a
Governmental Entity outside of the ordinary course of business, if in each
such case a filing would be required to be made with, or a consent or
approval would be required to be obtained from, a Government Entity prior to
the Effective Time with respect to transfer of such License and such conduct
or filing for such License would reasonably be likely to prevent or delay the
Merger or result in the Merger being prevented or delayed;   (xiii) other
than investments in marketable securities in the ordinary course of business,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall make any loans,
advances or capital contributions to or investments in any Person (other than
the Company or any direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company
or Cingular, YP.com or any of their respective Subsidiaries) in excess of $25
million, individually or $100 million in the aggregate;   (xiv) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into (i) any non-competition
Contract or other Contract that purports to limit in any material  
-39-  respect either the type of business in which the Company or its
Subsidiaries (or, after the Effective Time, Parent or its Subsidiaries) may
engage or the manner or locations in which any of them may so engage in any
business or (ii) any Contract requiring the Company or its Subsidiaries to,
in any material respect, deal exclusively with a Person or related group of
Persons;   (xv) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
settle any litigation or other proceedings before or threatened to be brought
before a Governmental Entity for an amount to be paid by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries (excluding amounts paid or reimbursed by insurance) in
excess of $50 million or, in the case of non-monetary settlements, which
would be reasonably likely to have an adverse impact in any material respect
on the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;
and   (xvi) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall authorize
or enter into any agreement to do any of the foregoing.   (b) Parent
covenants and agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that from and after
the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time, the business of
Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be conducted in the ordinary and usual
course and, to the extent consistent therewith, Parent and its Subsidiaries
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve its
business organization intact and maintain Parent\'s existing relations and
goodwill with customers, suppliers, regulators, distributors, creditors,
lessors, employees and business associates, in each case unless the Company
shall approve in writing (which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed) and except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement. Nothing
contained in this Section 6.1(b) shall require Parent, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors or officers to approve or
consent to the taking of any action by Cingular, YP.com or any of their
respective Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, any reference in this
Section 6.1(b) to an aggregate amount with respect to Parent and its
Subsidiaries shall be deemed to refer to Parent and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis. Parent covenants and agrees as to itself and its
Subsidiaries that, from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the
Effective Time (unless the Company shall otherwise approve in writing (which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and except
as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement or disclosed in the
Parent Disclosure Letter):   (i) Parent shall not (A) amend Parent\'s
certificate of incorporation or by-laws in any manner that would reasonably
be likely to prevent or materially delay or impair the Merger or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; provided that any
amendment to its certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized
number of shares of any class or series of the capital stock of Parent shall
in no way be restricted by the foregoing; (B) split, combine, subdivide or
reclassify its outstanding shares of capital stock; (C) declare, set aside or
pay any dividend or distribution payable in cash, stock or property in
respect of any capital stock, other than regular quarterly cash dividends on
the Parent Common Stock in amounts not to exceed $0.3325 per fiscal  
-40-  quarter, as the same may be increased from time to time in a manner
consistent with past practice; or (D) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
or permit any of Parent\'s Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire any
shares of its capital stock or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock except that
(x) Parent may repurchase shares of Parent Common Stock in the ordinary
course of business in connection with the issuance of shares of Parent Common
Stock in respect of Parent Options or otherwise under Parent Compensation and
Benefit Plans and (y) Parent may repurchase shares of Parent Common Stock
pursuant to open market purchases not to exceed $1 billion per fiscal
quarter;   (ii) Parent shall not (A) merge or consolidate, or permit any of
its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with any other Person, or adopt a
plan of liquidation, except for any such transactions among wholly-owned
Subsidiaries of Parent and except for acquisitions permitted by clause (viii)
below;   (iii) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take
any action that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;   (iv)
neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall incur any indebtedness for
borrowed money or guarantee such indebtedness of another Person, or issue or
sell any debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt
security of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, except for (A) indebtedness
for borrowed money incurred in the ordinary course of business not to exceed
$4 billion in the aggregate; (B) indebtedness for borrowed money
in replacement of existing indebtedness for borrowed money or any
indebtedness permitted to be incurred under this clause (iv), (C) guarantees
by Parent of indebtedness of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries or (D) interest
rate swaps on customary commercial terms consistent with past practice;  
(v) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall make or commit to any
capital expenditures in excess of 110% of the aggregate amount reflected in
Parent\'s capital expenditure budget for the year in which such
capital expenditures are made, a copy of which capital expenditure budget for
2006 and 2007 is attached to Parent Disclosure Letter;   (vi) neither
Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall transfer, lease, license, sell,
mortgage, pledge, place a Lien upon or otherwise dispose of any of Parent\'s
or its Subsidiaries\' (A) interest in Cingular (other than transfers to
Parent or wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Parent or (B) any other property or
assets (including capital stock of any of its Subsidiaries), with a fair
market value in excess of $2 billion in the aggregate, except in the case of
the clause (B) for (w) dispositions of minority interests and real estate
no longer being utilized or needed, (x) transfers, leases, licenses,
sales, mortgages, pledges, Liens, or other dispositions in the ordinary
course of business, or transfers, leases, licenses, sales, mortgages,
pledges, Liens, or other dispositions in connection with sale/leaseback
transactions (y) mortgages, pledges and Liens to secure  
-41-  indebtedness for borrowed money permitted to be incurred pursuant to
clause (v) above or (z) dispositions of assets used as consideration for
acquisitions that are permitted pursuant to clause (viii) below;   (vii)
neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall issue, deliver, sell, or
encumber shares of its capital stock or any securities convertible into, or
any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares except: (A) any
Parent Common Stock issued pursuant to options and other awards outstanding
on the date of this Agreement under the Parent Compensation and Benefit
Plans, awards of options and other awards granted hereafter under the Parent
Compensation and Benefit Plans in accordance with this Agreement and shares
of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to such awards; (B) any
Parent Options and other stock payable awards issued in the ordinary course
of business under the Parent Compensation and Benefit Plans; provided that
such Parent Options and other awards issued after the date hereof shall not
be, or be exercisable, for more than 121,000,000 shares of Parent Common
Stock in the aggregate and (C) issuances of Parent Common Stock with an
aggregate fair market value not in excess of $1 billion (as of the date of
the commitment to issue) in transactions described in clause (viii)
below;   (viii) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall spend
in excess of $4 billion in the aggregate to acquire any business, whether
by merger, consolidation, purchase of property or assets or otherwise
(valuing any non-cash consideration at its fair market value as of the date
of the agreement for such acquisition); provided that neither Parent nor any
of its Subsidiaries shall make any acquisition that would, or would
reasonably be likely to prevent or materially delay or impair the Merger or
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;   (ix) neither Parent
nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any material line of business
other than the current businesses of Parent and its Subsidiaries if entering
into such line of business would prevent or materially delay or impair the
Merger; and   (x) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall authorize
or enter into any agreement to do any of the foregoing.   6.2 Acquisition
Proposals   (a) No Solicitation or Negotiation. The Company agrees that
neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of its or its Subsidiaries\'
officers and directors shall, and that it shall use its reasonable best
efforts to instruct and cause its and its Subsidiaries\' directors, officers,
employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other advisors or
representatives (such directors, officers, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants and other advisors or representatives, collectively,
"Representatives") not to, directly or indirectly:   -42-   (i) initiate,
solicit, or knowingly facilitate or encourage, any inquiries or the making of
any proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be likely to lead
to an Acquisition Proposal (as defined below); or   (ii) engage in, continue
or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or
provide any non-public information or data to any Person who has made, or
proposes to make, or otherwise knowingly facilitate, or encourage an
Acquisition Proposal.   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, prior to the time, but not after, this Agreement is approved by the
Company\'s shareholders pursuant to the Company Requisite Vote, the Company
may (A) provide information in response to a request therefor by a Person who
has made a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal that was not initiated,
solicited, facilitated or encouraged, in violation of this Section 6.2 or by
the Company\'s Representatives, prior to the time such Acquisition Proposal
was first made after the date hereof, if the Company receives from the Person
so requesting such information an executed confidentiality agreement on terms
substantially similar to those contained in the Non-Disclosure Agreement,
dated as of February 16, 2006, (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), by and
between Parent and the Company together with a customary standstill agreement
on terms no more favorable to such Person than the standstill applicable to
Parent except that the term of such standstill agreement may be shorter than
the time of the standstill applicable to Parent (but not less than 9 months)
and other provisions of the standstill may be more favorable to such Person
(to the extent customary) in which case the term and other provisions of the
standstill applicable to Parent shall, for so long as this Agreement is in
effect, automatically be reduced to be as favorable to Parent as such other
standstill agreement is to such Person or made more favorable to Parent; or
(B) engage in discussions or negotiations with any Person who has made a bona
fide written Acquisition Proposal that was not initiated, solicited,
facilitated or encouraged, in violation of this Section 6.2 or by the
Company\'s representatives, prior to the time such Acquisition Proposal was
first made after the date hereof, if, in each case referred to in clause (A)
or (B) above, the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith
(after consultation with its financial advisers and legal counsel) that such
action is necessary in order for the directors of the Company to comply with
their fiduciary duties under applicable Law; and in the case referred to in
clause (B) above, if the Board of Directors of the Company, has determined in
good faith based on all the information then available and after consultation
with its financial advisers and legal counsel that such Acquisition Proposal
either constitutes a Superior Proposal or is reasonably likely to result in a
Superior Proposal.   (b) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:  
"Acquisition Proposal" means (i) any proposal or offer with respect to a
merger, joint venture, partnership, consolidation, dissolution, liquidation,
tender offer, recapitalization, reorganization, share exchange, business
combination, acquisition, distribution or similar transaction outside the
ordinary course of business involving the   -43-  Company or any direct or
indirect interest in Cingular or any of the Company\'s Significant
Subsidiaries; provided that in no event shall any transaction involving the
Company or any of the Company\'s Significant Subsidiaries that is expressly
permitted by Sections 6.1(a)(ix) or (xiii) and which proposal could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Superior Proposal be deemed
to constitute an "Acquisition Proposal", or (ii) any proposal or offer to
acquire in any manner, directly or indirectly, 15% or more of the Company
Shares or 15% or more of the consolidated assets (including, without
limitation, equity interests in Subsidiaries of the Company); provided that
in no event shall a proposal or offer made by or on behalf of Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries, be deemed to constitute an "Acquisition Proposal."  
"Superior Proposal" means a bona fide Acquisition Proposal involving assets
of the Company or its Subsidiaries representing at least 50% of the
fair market value of the consolidated assets of the Company (including its
interest in Cingular and YP.com) or at least 50% of the outstanding Company
Shares and otherwise for the purpose of this definition substituting 50% for
each reference to 15% in the definition of "Acquisition Proposal", that was
not initiated, solicited, facilitated or encouraged, in violation of this
Section 6.2 or by the Company\'s Representatives prior to the time such
Acquisition Proposal was first made after the date hereof, that the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith (after consultation with
its financial advisers and legal counsel) is reasonably likely to be
consummated in accordance with its terms, taking into account all legal,
financial and regulatory aspects of the proposal and the Person making the
proposal, and if consummated, would result in a transaction more favorable to
the Company\'s shareholders from a financial point of view than the
transaction contemplated by this Agreement (after taking into account any
revisions to the terms of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
agreed to by Parent pursuant to Section 6.2(c)).   (c) Company
Recommendation. (i) The Board of Directors of the Company, and each committee
thereof, shall not:   (x) except as expressly permitted by this Section 6.2,
withhold or  withdraw, or qualify or modify in a manner reasonably likely to
be  understood to be adverse to Parent (or publicly resolve to withhold or 
withdraw or so publicly qualify or modify), the Company Recommendation or 
approve or recommend to the Company\'s shareholders any Acquisition 
Proposal; or   (y) cause or permit the Company to enter into any letter of
intent,  memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition 
agreement, merger agreement or other agreement (other than a  confidentiality
agreement referred to in Section 6.2(a) entered into in  the circumstances
referred to in Section 6.2(a)) for any Acquisition  Proposal.   (ii)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, prior
to the time, but not after, this Agreement is approved by the Company\'s  
-44-  shareholders by the Company Requisite Vote, the Company\'s Board of
Directors shall be permitted (A) to withhold or withdraw, or qualify or
modify in a manner reasonably likely to be understood to be adverse to
Parent, the Company Recommendation (a "Company Recommendation Change") if but
only if (i) the Company has received a Superior Proposal, (ii) the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith (after consultation with
its financial advisers and outside legal counsel), that, as a result of such
Superior Proposal, a Company Recommendation Change is necessary in order for
the directors of the Company to comply with their fiduciary duties under
applicable Law, (iii) three business days have elapsed following delivery by
the Company to Parent of written notice advising Parent that the Board of
Directors of the Company intends to so make a Company Recommendation Change,
specifying the material terms and conditions of the Superior Proposal and
identifying the Person making the Superior Proposal, (iv) the Company has
given Parent the opportunity to propose to the Company revisions to the terms
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (notwithstanding section
12.10 of the Limited Liability Company Agreement of Cingular, dated as of
October 2, 2000, as amended), and the Company and its Representatives shall
have, if requested by Parent, negotiated in good faith with Parent and its
Representatives regarding any revisions to the terms of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement proposed by Parent and the Board of Directors
of the Company shall continue to believe in good faith, as a result of such
Acquisition Proposal, that a Company Recommendation Change is necessary in
order for the directors of the Company to comply with their fiduciary duties
under applicable Law and in light of any revisions to the terms of the
transaction contemplated by this Agreement to which Parent shall have agreed
and (v) the Company shall have complied with its obligations set forth
in Section 6.2 of this Agreement in all material respects or (B) to approve,
or recommend to the shareholders of the Company, any Superior Proposal made
after the date of this Agreement (any such action, a "Company Superior
Proposal Action") if the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good
faith (after consultation with its financial advisers and legal counsel) that
such action is necessary in order for the directors of the Company to comply
with their fiduciary duties under applicable Law, provided that the
Company\'s Board of Directors may not take a Company Superior Proposal Action
unless all of the conditions in clause (A) above have been satisfied
(substituting the term "Company Superior Proposal Action" for the term
"Company Recommendation Change" in clauses (A)(ii) and (iii)) and the
Acquisition Proposal continues to be a Superior Proposal in light of any
revisions to the terms of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement to
which Parent shall have agreed.   (d) Parent Recommendation. The Board of
Directors of Parent, and each committee thereof, shall not, except as
expressly permitted by this Section 6.2, withhold or withdraw, or qualify or
modify in a manner reasonably likely to be understood to be adverse to the
Company (or publicly resolve to withhold or withdraw or so publicly qualify
or modify), the Parent Recommendation or approve or recommend to the
Parent\'s stockholders any Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth in this Agreement, prior to the time, but not after,
the issuance of Parent Common Stock required to be issued in the Merger is
approved by Parent\'s stockholders   -45-  by the Parent Requisite Vote,
Parent\'s Board of Directors shall be permitted (A) to withhold or withdraw,
or qualify or modify in a manner reasonably likely to be understood to be
adverse to the Company, the Parent Recommendation (a "Parent Recommendation
Change") if and only if (i) Parent has received a Superior Proposal, (ii) the
Board of Directors of Parent determines in good faith, after receiving the
advice of its financial advisers and of outside legal counsel, that, as a
result of such Superior Proposal, a Parent Recommendation Change is necessary
in order for the directors of Parent to comply with their fiduciary duties
under applicable Law, (iii) three business days have elapsed
following delivery by Parent to the Company of written notice advising the
Company that the Board of Directors of Parent has resolved to so make a
Parent Recommendation Change, specifying the material terms and conditions of
the Superior Proposal and identifying the Person making the Superior
Proposal, (iv) Parent has given the Company the opportunity to propose to
Parent revisions to the terms of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and Parent and its Representatives shall have, if requested by the
Company, negotiated in good faith with the Company and its Representatives
regarding any revisions to the terms of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement proposed by the Company, and the Board of Directors of Parent shall
continue to believe in good faith, as a result of such Acquisition Proposal,
that a Parent Recommendation Change is necessary in order for the directors
of Parent to comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable Law in light
of any revisions to the terms of the transaction contemplated by this
Agreement to which the Company shall have agreed or (B) to approve, or
recommend to the shareholders of Parent, any Superior Proposal made after the
date of this Agreement (any such action, a "Parent Superior Proposal Action")
if the Board of Directors of Parent determines in good faith (after
consultation with its financial advisers and legal counsel) that such action
is necessary in order for the directors of Parent to comply with their
fiduciary duties under applicable Law, provided that Parent\'s Board of
Directors may not take a Parent Superior Proposal Action unless all of the
conditions in clause (A) above have been satisfied (substituting the term
"Parent Superior Proposal Action" for the term "Parent Recommendation Change"
in clauses (A)(ii) and (iii)) and the Acquisition Proposal continues to be a
Superior Proposal in light of any revisions to the terms of the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement to which the Company shall have agreed. Solely
for purposes of Sections 6.2(d), 6.2(g) and 8.3(a) to the extent applicable
to an Acquisition Proposal made to Parent all references to "Acquisition
Proposal" and "Superior Proposal" shall be read as if all references to "the
Company" in those terms as defined in Section 6.2(b) were references instead
to "Parent," as if all references to "Company Shares" were references to
"Parent Common Stock," as if all references to "Parent" were references to
"the Company," as if the reference in the definition of "Acquisition
Proposal" to "Section 6.1(a)(ix) or (xiii)" was instead a reference to
"Section 6.1(b)(viii)," and as if the reference in the definition
of "Superior Proposal" to "Section 6.2(c)" was instead a reference to
"Section 6.2(d)."   (e) Certain Permitted Disclosure. Nothing contained in
this Section 6.2 shall be deemed to prohibit the Company from complying with
its disclosure obligations under U.S. federal or state Law, including under
Sections 14d-9 and 14e-2 of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that if such
disclosure has the substantive effect of   -46-  withholding; or
withdrawing; or qualifying or modifying in a manner reasonably likely to be
understood to be adverse to Parent, the Company Recommendation, Parent shall
have the right to terminate this Agreement as set forth in Section 8.4(a).
Nothing contained in this Section 6.2 shall be deemed to prohibit Parent from
complying with its disclosure obligations under U.S. federal or state
Law, including under Sections 14d-9 and 14e-2 of the Exchange Act; provided,
however, that if such disclosure has the substantive effect of withholding;
or withdrawing; or qualifying or modifying in a manner reasonably likely to
be understood to be adverse to the Company the Parent Recommendation, the
Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement as set forth in
Section 8.3(a).   (f) Existing Discussions. The Company agrees that it
will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted heretofore
with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. The Company agrees that it will
take the necessary steps to promptly inform the individuals or entities
referred to in the first sentence hereof of the obligations undertaken in
this Section 6.2. The Company also agrees that it will promptly request each
Person that has heretofore executed a confidentiality agreement in connection
with its consideration of acquiring it or any of its Subsidiaries to return
or destroy all confidential information heretofore furnished to such Person
by or on behalf of it or any of its Subsidiaries.   (g) Notice. Each of the
Company and Parent (the "Receiving Party") agrees that it will promptly (and,
in any event, within 24 hours) notify the other if any inquiries, proposals
or offers with respect to an Acquisition Proposal with respect to it or its
Subsidiaries are received by it from any Person, any non-public information
is requested from the Receiving Party who has made, or proposes to make, an
Acquisition Proposal with respect to it or its Subsidiaries, or any
discussions or negotiation with the Receiving Party are sought to be
initiated or continued by a Person who has made, or proposes to make, an
Acquisition Proposal with respect to it or its Subsidiaries, indicating, in
connection with such notice, the name of such Person and the material terms
and conditions of any such Acquisition Proposal (including, if applicable,
copies of any written requests, proposals or offers, including proposed
agreements) and thereafter shall keep the other informed, on a current basis,
of the status and terms of any such Acquisition Proposal (including
any amendments thereto that are of, or are related to, any material term) and
the status of any such discussions or negotiations, including any change in
the Receiving Party\'s intentions as previously notified. The Receiving Party
agrees that it will deliver to Parent or the Company, as the case may be, a
new notice with respect to each Acquisition Proposal with respect to it or
its Subsidiaries that has been materially revised or modified and, prior to
taking any Company Superior Proposal Action or Parent Superior Proposal
Action, as the case may be, or any Company Recommendation Change or Parent
Recommendation Change, as the case may be, with respect to any such
materially revised or modified Acquisition Proposal, a new three-business-day
period shall commence, for purposes of Section 6.2(c) or 6.2(d), as the case
may be, from the time Parent or the Company, as the case may be, receives
such notice. The Company also agrees to provide any information to Parent
that it is providing to   -47-  another Person pursuant to this Section
6.2 as soon as practicable after it provides such information to such other
Person if the Company has not previously furnished such information to
Parent.   6.3 Information Supplied. (a) Parent and the Company shall
promptly prepare and file with the SEC the Prospectus/Proxy Statement, and
Parent shall prepare and file with the SEC the Registration Statement on Form
S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Parent in connection with the issuance of
shares of Parent Common Stock in the Merger (including the joint proxy
statement and prospectus (the "Prospectus/Proxy Statement") constituting a
part thereof) (the "S-4 Registration Statement") as promptly as practicable.
Parent and the Company each shall use its best efforts to have the S-4
Registration Statement declared effective under the Securities Act as
promptly as practicable after such filing, and promptly thereafter mail the
Prospectus/Proxy Statement to the respective stockholders of each of the
Company and Parent. The Company and Parent shall also use their respective
best efforts to satisfy prior to the effective date of the S-4 Registration
Statement all necessary state securities law or "blue sky" notice
requirements in connection with the Merger and to consummate the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and will pay all expenses
incident thereto.   (b) The Company and Parent each agrees, as to itself
and its Subsidiaries, that none of the information supplied or to be supplied
by it or its Subsidiaries for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i)
the S-4 Registration Statement will, at the time the S-4 Registration
Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (ii) the
Prospectus/Proxy Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto will, at
the date of mailing to stockholders and at the times of the Company
Shareholders Meeting and the Parent Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
Company and Parent will cause the Form S-4 to comply as to form in all
material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and
the rules and regulations thereunder.   6.4 Shareholders/Stockholders
Meetings. The Company will take, in accordance with applicable Law and its
articles of incorporation and by-laws, all action necessary to convene and
hold a meeting of holders of Company Shares to consider and vote upon the
approval of this Agreement (the "Company Shareholders Meeting") as promptly
as practicable after the S-4 Registration Statement is declared effective.
Parent will take, in accordance with applicable Law and its certificate of
incorporation and by-laws, all action necessary to convene and hold a meeting
of holders of Parent Common Stock (the "Parent Stockholders Meeting") as
promptly as practicable after the S-4 Registration Statement is declared
effective to consider and vote upon the approval of the issuance of Parent
Common Stock required to be issued pursuant to the Merger. Subject  
-48-  to the provisions of Section 6.2 hereof, (i) the Company\'s Board of
Directors shall recommend in the Prospectus/Proxy Statement and at the
Company Shareholders Meeting that the holders of Company Shares approve this
Agreement and shall take all lawful action to solicit such approval; and (ii)
Parent\'s Board of Directors shall recommend in the Prospectus/Proxy
Statement and at Parent Stockholders Meeting that the holders of Parent
Common Stock approve the issuance of Parent Common Stock required to be
issued pursuant to the Merger and shall take all lawful action to solicit
such approval. The parties shall cooperate in an effort to hold the Company
Shareholders Meeting and the Parent Stockholders Meeting on the same day at
the same time.   6.5 Filings; Other Actions; Notification.   (a) The
Company will, within 15 days after the date of this Agreement, provide Parent
with a schedule setting forth a true and complete list as of the date of this
Agreement of (i) all Licenses issued or granted by the FCC, Licenses issued
or granted by a U.S. state PUC, and all Licenses issued or granted by a local
Governmental Entity in respect of cable franchises, in each case issued or
granted to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and all other Licenses
issued or granted to the Company by any Governmental Entity
regulating telecommunications businesses or services or the use of radio
spectrum; (ii) all pending applications for Licenses by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries that would be such types of Licenses if issued or granted;
(iii) all pending applications by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for
modification, extension or renewal of any such License; and (iv) any
agreements to acquire a License that upon acquisition by the Company would
become such a type of License.   (b) Parent and the Company shall cooperate
with each other and use, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries
(including Cingular, YP.com and their respective Subsidiaries, which shall be
deemed a Subsidiary of Parent and the Company for this purpose) to use, their
respective reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken all actions,
and do or cause to be done all things, necessary, proper or advisable on its
part under this Agreement and applicable Laws to consummate and make
effective the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement as promptly as reasonably practicable, including preparing and
filing as promptly as reasonably practicable all documentation to effect all
necessary notices, reports and other filings (including by filing no later
than 15-days after the date of the receipt by Parent of the
schedule described in Section 6.5(b), all applications required to be filed
with the FCC and the notification and required form under the HSR Act;
provided, however, that the failure to file within such 15 day period will
not constitute a breach of this Agreement) and to obtain as promptly as
reasonably practicable all consents, registrations, approvals, permits and
authorizations necessary to be obtained from any third party and/or any
Governmental Entity in order to consummate the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each of Parent\'s and the
Company\'s obligations under this Section 6.5(b) shall include, without
limitation, (a) the obligation to use its reasonable best efforts to defend
any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial   -49-  or
administrative, challenging consummation of the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to avoid the entry
of, or have reversed, terminated or vacated, any stay or other injunctive
relief which could prevent or delay the Merger or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and (b) the obligation to use its reasonable
best efforts to avoid or eliminate each impediment to obtaining the Required
Governmental Approvals, in each of clauses (a) and (b) so as to enable the
Closing to occur if reasonably practicable by the initial Termination Date or
as promptly thereafter as is reasonably practicable. Nothing in this Section
6.5 shall require, or be construed to require (a) Parent or the Company to
take or refrain from taking, or to cause any of its Subsidiaries to take or
refrain from taking any action, or to agree or consent to the Company,
Cingular, YP.com or any of their respective Subsidiaries taking any action,
or agreeing to any restriction or condition, with respect to any of the
businesses, assets or operations of Parent, the Company, Cingular, YP.com or
any of their respective Subsidiaries, if such action, restriction or
condition would take effect prior to the Closing or is not conditioned on the
Closing occurring, or (b) Parent or the Company to take or to refrain from
taking any action, to agree to any condition or restriction with respect to
any assets or operations of Parent or the Company or their respective
Subsidiaries (including Cingular, YP.com and their respective Subsidiaries),
or to cause their respective Subsidiaries (including Cingular, YP.com and
their respective Subsidiaries) to do or agree to do any of the foregoing, if
any such action, failure to act, restriction or agreement, individually or in
the aggregate, would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect
on the financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or
results of operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries (including Cingular and
YP.Com and their respective Subsidiaries) after the Merger (it being
understood that for this purpose only, materiality shall be determined
by referring to the equity market value of Parent on the date of this
Agreement) (a "Regulatory Material Adverse Effect"), it being understood
that, for purposes of determining whether a Regulatory Material Adverse
Effect would reasonably be likely to occur, both the positive and negative
effects of any such actions, restrictions and conditions, including any sale,
divesture, licensing, lease or disposition, shall be taken into account, and
any loss of synergies anticipated from the Merger as a result of any such
actions, restrictions or conditions, including any sale, divestiture,
licensing, lease or disposition shall not be taken into account. Subject to
applicable Laws relating to the exchange of information, Parent and the
Company shall have the right to review in advance, and to the extent
practicable each will consult the other on, all of the information relating
to Parent or the Company, as the case may be, and any of their respective
Subsidiaries, and YP.com and Cingular and any of their respective
Subsidiaries, that appears in any filing made with, or written materials
submitted to, any third party and/or any Governmental Entity in connection
with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(including the S-4 Registration Statement). To the extent permitted by Law,
each party shall provide the other with copies of all correspondence between
it (or its advisors) and any Governmental Entity relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and, to the extent reasonably practicable, all
telephone calls and meetings with a Governmental Entity regarding the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall include  
-50-  representatives of Parent and the Company. In exercising the foregoing
rights, each of the Company and Parent shall act reasonably and as promptly
as practicable.   (c) The Company and Parent each shall, upon request by
the other, furnish the other with all information concerning itself, its
Subsidiaries, directors, officers and shareholders and stockholders, as the
case may be, and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or
advisable in connection with the Prospectus/Proxy Statement, the S-4
Registration Statement or any other statement, filing, notice or application
made by or on behalf of Parent, the Company or any of their respective
Subsidiaries to any third party and/or any Governmental Entity in connection
with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d)
The Company and Parent each shall keep the other apprised of the status of
matters relating to completion of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including promptly furnishing the other with copies of notice or
other communications received by Parent or the Company, as the case may be,
or any of its Subsidiaries or Cingular, YP.com and any of their respective
Subsidiaries, from any third party and/or any Governmental Entity with
respect to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (e) Each of the Company and Parent shall use reasonable best
efforts to cause to be delivered to the other and the other\'s directors a
letter of its independent auditors, dated (i) the date on which the S-4
Registration Statement shall become effective and (ii) the Closing Date, and
addressed to the other and its directors, in form and substance customary for
"comfort" letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection
with registration statements similar to the S-4 Registration Statement.  
6.6 Access; Consultation. Upon reasonable notice, and except as may otherwise
be required by applicable Law, the Company and Parent each shall (and shall
cause its Subsidiaries to) afford the Parent Representatives or the Company
Representatives, as the case may be, reasonable access, during
normal business hours throughout the period prior to the Effective Time, to
its properties, books, contracts and records and, during such period, each
shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other
all information concerning its or any of its Subsidiaries\' business,
properties and personnel as may reasonably be requested; provided that no
investigation pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall affect or be deemed to
modify any representation or warranty made by the Company, Parent or Merger
Sub hereunder; and provided further that the foregoing shall not require the
Company or Parent to permit any inspection, or to disclose any information,
that in the reasonable judgment of the Company or Parent, as the case may be,
would result in the disclosure of any trade secrets of third parties or
violate any of its obligations with respect to confidentiality if the Company
or Parent, as the case may be, shall have used all reasonable best efforts to
obtain the consent of such third party to such inspection or disclosure. All
requests for information made pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall be directed
to an executive officer of the Company or Parent, as   -51-  the case may
be, or such Person as may be designated by any such executive officer, as the
case may be.   6.7 Affiliates. The Company shall, prior to the Company
Shareholders Meeting, deliver to Parent a list identifying all persons who,
to the knowledge of the Company\'s executive officers, may be deemed as of
the date of the Company Shareholders Meeting to be affiliates of the Company
for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act and such list shall be
updated as necessary to reflect changes from the date thereof until the
Company Shareholders Meeting. The Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause each person identified on such list to deliver to Parent,
not later than five business days prior to Closing, a written agreement
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto.   6.8 Stock
Exchange Listing and De-listing. Parent shall use its best efforts to cause
the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger and in respect
of Company Options and Company Awards and other outstanding equity awards
under the Company Stock Plans to be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject
to official notice of issuance, prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall
take all actions necessary to permit the Company Shares to be de-listed from
the NYSE and de-registered under the Exchange Act as promptly as reasonably
practicable following the Effective Time.   6.9 Publicity. The initial press
release with respect to the Merger shall be a joint press release and
thereafter the Company and Parent shall consult with each other prior to
issuing any press releases or otherwise making public announcements with
respect to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and prior to making any filings with any third party and/or any
Governmental Entity (including any national securities exchange) with respect
thereto, except as may be required by Law or by obligations pursuant to any
listing agreement with or rules of any national securities exchange, and
except any consultation that would not be reasonably practicable as a result
of requirements of Law.   6.10 Employee Benefits. (a) Parent agrees that it
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to honor all Company Compensation and
Benefit Plans in accordance with their terms as in effect immediately before
the Effective Time subject to any amendment or termination thereof that may
be permitted by the terms of such plan and applicable Law. Parent agrees
that, commencing at the Effective Time and extending through at least the
later to occur of 12 months after the Effective Time and December 31, 2007,
it shall provide or cause to be provided to those individuals who as of the
Effective Time are employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than
employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement) (the "Affected
Employees") compensation and employee benefits (excluding equity compensation
awards or payments or benefits made by reason of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement) that are no less favorable in
the aggregate than provided to the Affected Employees immediately before the
Effective Time, provided,   -52-  further, that in determining the timing,
amount and terms and conditions of equity compensation and other incentive
awards to be granted to Affected Employees, Parent shall, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to, treat in a substantially similar manner those Affected
Employees and those other employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries who are
substantially similar to such Affected Employees (including, without
limitation, by reason of job duties and years of service). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, except as provided in this Agreement, nothing contained herein
shall obligate Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any affiliate of either
of them to (i) maintain any particular Company Compensation and Benefit Plan,
(ii) grant or issue any equity or equity-based awards or (iii) retain the
employment of any Affected Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent
shall or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to continue until the second
anniversary of the Effective Time, each of the Company Compensation
and Benefit Plans identified in Section 6.10 of the Company Disclosure
Letter without any change that is adverse to the participants therein as of
the Effective Time.   (b) For all purposes under the compensation and
employee benefit plans, policies or arrangements of Parent and its affiliates
providing benefits to any Affected Employees after the Effective Time (the
"New Plans"), each Affected Employee shall receive credit for his or her
service with the Company and its affiliates before the Effective Time
(including predecessor or acquired entities or any other entities for which
the Company and its affiliates have given credit for prior service), for
purposes of eligibility, vesting and benefit accrual (but not (i) for
purposes of benefit accrual under defined benefit pension or other retirement
plans or (ii) for any new program for which credit for benefit accrual for
service prior to the effective date of such program is not given to similarly
situated employees of Parent other than the Affected Employees) to the same
extent that such Affected Employee was entitled, before the Effective Time,
to credit for such service under any similar or comparable Compensation and
Benefit Plans (except to the extent such credit would result in a duplication
of accrual of benefits). In addition, if Affected Employees or their
dependents are included in any medical, dental, health or other welfare
benefit plan, program or arrangement (a "Successor Plan") other than the plan
or plans in which they participated immediately prior to the Effective Time
(a "Prior Plan"), each Affected Employee immediately shall be eligible to
participate, without any waiting time, in any and all Successor Plans and
such Successor Plans shall not include any restrictions, limitations or
exclusionary provisions with respect to pre-existing conditions,
exclusions, any actively-at-work requirements or any proof of insurability
requirements (except to the extent such exclusions or requirements were
applicable under any similar Prior Plan at the time of commencement of
participation in such Successor Plan), and any eligible expenses incurred by
any Affected Employee and his or her covered dependents during the portion of
the plan year of the Prior Plan ending on the date of the Affected
Employee\'s commencement of participation in this Successor Plan begins shall
be taken into account under this Successor Plan for purposes of satisfying
all deductible, coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable
to the Affected Employee and his or her covered dependents for the applicable
plan year as if these amounts had been paid in accordance with the Successor
Plan.    -53-   (c) Without limiting the generality of this Section 6.10,
Parent and the Company agree to the employee matters set forth in Section
6.10 of the Company Disclosure Letter.   (d) Prior to making any written or
oral communications to the directors, officers or employees of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries pertaining to the compensation and employee benefits
of the current and former employees of the Company and its affiliates that
are affected by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company
shall provide Parent with a copy of the intended written communication or any
written script or notes in respect of oral communications and Parent shall
have a reasonable period of time to review and comment on the communication
or script, and the Company shall consider in good faith comments of
Parent.   6.11 Expenses. Subject to Section 8.5, whether or not the Merger
is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such expense, except that
expenses incurred in connection with the filing fee for the S-4 Registration
Statement and printing and mailing the Prospectus/Proxy Statement and the S-4
Registration Statement shall be shared equally by Parent and the Company.  
6.12 Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance. (a) From and
after the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless,
and provide advancement of expenses to, each present and former director and
officer of the Company (when acting in such capacity) determined as of the
Effective Time (the "Indemnified Parties") against any costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorney\'s fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims,
damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of or pertaining to matters existing or occurring
at or prior to the Effective Time (including for acts or omissions occurring
in connection with the approval of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby), whether asserted or claimed prior to, at
or after the Effective Time, (i) to the same extent such individuals are
indemnified or have the right to advancement of expenses as of the date of
this Agreement by the Company pursuant to its articles of incorporation and
by-laws and indemnification agreements identified in Section 5.1(h)(i) of the
Company Disclosure Letter with, or for the benefit of, any such individuals
and (ii) without regard to the limitations in subclause (i) above, to the
fullest extent permitted by Law.   (b) Any Indemnified Party wishing to
claim indemnification under Section 6.12(a), upon learning of any such claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify Parent and
the Surviving Corporation thereof, but the failure to so notify shall not
relieve Parent and the Surviving Corporation of any liability they may have
to such Indemnified Party if such failure does not materially prejudice  
-54-  Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be. In the event
of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether arising
before or after the Effective Time), (i) the Surviving Corporation shall have
the right to assume the defense thereof and the Surviving Corporation shall
not be liable to such Indemnified Parties for any legal expenses of other
counsel or any other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified
Parties in connection with the defense thereof, except that if the Surviving
Corporation elects not to assume such defense or counsel for the Indemnified
Parties advises that there are issues which raise conflicts of interest
between the Surviving Corporation and the Indemnified Parties, the
Indemnified Parties may retain counsel satisfactory to them, and the
Surviving Corporation shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses of such
counsel for the Indemnified Parties promptly; provided, however, that the
Surviving Corporation shall be obligated pursuant to this paragraph (b) to
pay for only one firm of counsel for all Indemnified Parties in any
jurisdiction (unless there is a conflict of interest as provided above, (ii)
the Indemnified Parties will cooperate in the defense of any such matter and
(iii) the Surviving Corporation shall not be liable for any settlement
effected without its prior written consent.   (c) Parent shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to and the Surviving Corporation shall maintain a
policy or policies of officers\' and directors\' liability insurance for acts
and omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time ("DandO; Insurance") with
coverage in amount and scope at least as favorable as the Company\'s existing
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance coverage for a period of six
years after the Effective Time; provided, however, that, if the existing DandO;
Insurance expires, is terminated or cancelled, or if the annual premium
therefor is increased to an amount in excess of 300% of the last annual
premium paid prior to the date of this Agreement (such amount, as stated in
Section 6.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the "Current Premium"), in
each case during such six year period, the Surviving Corporation will use
its reasonable best efforts to obtain DandO; Insurance in an amount and scope
as great as can be obtained for the remainder of such period for a premium
not in excess (on an annualized basis) of 300% of the Current Premium; and
provided further that in lieu of such coverage, Parent may substitute a
prepaid "tail" policy for such coverage, which it may cause the Company to
obtain prior to the Closing.   (d) If Parent or any of its successors or
assigns (i) shall consolidate with or merge into any other corporation or
entity and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger or (ii) shall transfer all or substantially all
of its properties and assets to any individual, corporation or other entity,
then and in each such case, proper provisions shall be made so that the
successors and assigns of Parent shall assume all of the obligations set
forth in this Section 6.12.   (e) The provisions of this Section are
intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the
Indemnified Parties, their heirs and their representatives, notwithstanding
any release executed by any Indemnified Party in connection with his or her
departure from the Company or its Subsidiaries unless a release of the
provisions of this Section is specifically provided for in such
release.    -55-   6.13 Regulatory Compliance. The Company and each of
its Subsidiaries agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to (a) cure no
later than the Effective Time any material violations and defaults by any of
them under any applicable rules and regulations of the FCC ("FCC Rules"), (b)
comply in all material respects with the terms of the FCC Licenses and file
or cause to be filed with the FCC all reports and other filings to be filed
under applicable FCC Rules and (c) to the extent reasonably requested by
Parent in writing, take all actions for each of them to be in compliance upon
the consummation of the Closing with the provisions of Sections 271 and 272
of the Communications Act (including any orders issued by the FCC
interpreting or implementing such provisions). Parent agrees that, if this
Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 8.3(b), it shall
promptly thereafter reimburse the Company for any reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the Company following incurrence and delivery of
reasonable documents by the Company at the direction of Parent pursuant to
clause (c) of this Section 6.13. The Parent and each of its Subsidiaries
agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to (a) cure no later than the
Effective Time any material violations and defaults by any of them under any
applicable FCC Rules, and (b) comply in all material respects with the terms
of the FCC Licenses and file or cause to be filed with the FCC all
reports and other filings to be filed under applicable FCC Rules.   6.14
Takeover Statute; Rights Agreement. (a) If any Takeover Statute is or may
become applicable to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company and their respective Boards
of Directors shall grant such approvals and take such actions as are
necessary so that such transactions may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement or by the Merger and
otherwise use reasonable best efforts to act to eliminate or minimize the
effects of such statute or regulation on such transactions.   (b) The
Company will take, by no later than the fifth business day after the date of
this Agreement, all necessary action with respect to all of the outstanding
Rights (as defined in the Rights Agreement) so that, as of immediately prior
to the Effective Time, as a result of entering into this Agreement or
consummating the Merger and/or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (A) neither the Company nor Parent will have any obligations under
the Rights or the Rights Agreement, (B) the holders of the Rights will have
no rights under the Rights or the Rights Agreement and (C) the
Rights Agreement will expire.   6.15 Dividends. The Company shall
coordinate with Parent the declaration, setting of record dates and payment
dates of dividends on Company Shares so that holders of Company Shares do not
receive dividends on both Company Shares and Parent Common Stock received in
the Merger in respect of any calendar quarter or fail to receive a dividend
on either Company Shares or Parent Common Stock received in the Merger in
respect of any calendar quarter.   6.16 Control of the Company\'s or
Parent\'s Operations. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Parent
or the Company, directly or indirectly,   -56-  rights to control or
direct the operations of the other prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the
Effective Time, each of Parent and the Company shall exercise, consistent
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and
supervision of its operations.   6.17 Section 16(b). The Board of Directors
of each of the Company and Parent shall, prior to the Effective Time, take
all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate pursuant to Rule 16b-3(d)
and Rule 16b-3(e) under the Exchange Act to exempt from Section 16 of the
Exchange Act (i) the disposition of Company Shares and "derivative
securities" (as defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act) with respect
to Company Shares and (ii) the acquisition of Parent Common Stock and
derivative securities with respect to Parent Common Stock pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement by officers and directors of the Company subject to
the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or by
employees or directors of the Company who may become an officer or director
of Parent subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act.   6.18 Tax-Free Qualification. (a) Each of the Company
and Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to and to cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, (i) cause the Merger to qualify as a "reorganization" within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and (ii) obtain the opinions of
counsel referred to in Sections 7.2(d) and 7.3(c) of this Agreement.   (b)
From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall not take any action that is
reasonably likely to cause the Merger to fail to qualify as
a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code,
including any action that is reasonably likely to cause the Merger to fail to
satisfy the "continuity of business enterprise" requirement described in
Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-1(d). If the opinion conditions contained
in Sections 7.2(d) and 7.3(c) of this Agreement have been satisfied, each of
the Company and Parent shall report the Merger for U.S. federal income tax
purposes as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.   6.19 Tax Representation Letters. The Company shall use
its reasonable best efforts to deliver to Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver and
Jacobson LLP and to Sullivan and Cromwell LLP a "Tax Representation Letter,"
dated as of the Closing Date and signed by an officer of the Company,
containing representations of the Company, and Parent shall use its
reasonable best efforts to deliver to Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver and
Jacobson LLP and to Sullivan and Cromwell LLP a "Tax Representation Letter,"
dated as of the Closing Date and signed by an officer of Parent, containing
representations of Parent, in each case as shall be reasonably necessary or
appropriate to enable Sullivan and Cromwell LLP to render the opinion described
in Section 7.2(d) of this Agreement and Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver and
Jacobson LLP to render the opinion described in Section 7.3(c) of this
Agreement.    -57-   6.20 Cingular Headquarters. From and after the
Effective Time until at least the 5th anniversary of the Effective Time,
Parent agrees to maintain the corporate headquarters of Cingular in Atlanta,
Georgia.   6.21 Direct Investment Plan. As promptly as reasonably
practicable after the date of this Agreement, the Company will cease to allow
Persons who are not participants in the Company Direct Investment Plan during
the five business days prior to the date of this Agreement into the Company
Direct Investment Plan. In addition, from and after the date of this
Agreement all Company Shares sold under such plan shall be acquired by the
Company in an open market purchase.   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS   7.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective
obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver at or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions:  
(a) Shareholder/Stockholder Approval. This Agreement shall have been duly
approved by holders of Company Shares constituting the Company
Requisite Vote, and the issuance of Parent Common Stock required to be issued
in the Merger shall have been duly approved by the holders of shares of
Parent Common Stock constituting Parent Requisite Vote.   (b) NYSE Listing.
The shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to the Company stockholders
pursuant to the Merger shall have been authorized for listing on the NYSE
upon official notice of issuance.   (c) Regulatory Consents. (i) The waiting
period applicable to the consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act and the
EC Merger Regulation (if applicable) shall have expired or been earlier
terminated, (ii) all Governmental Consents required to be obtained from the
FCC for the consummation of the Merger shall have been obtained, (iii) all
Governmental Consents required to be obtained, from any U.S. state PUC in
order to consummate the Merger shall have been obtained, and (iv) all other
Governmental Consents, the failure of which to make or obtain would, (A)
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to result in a
Regulatory Material Adverse Effect or (B) be reasonably likely to result in
an officer or director of Parent or the Company being subject to criminal
liability, shall have been made or obtained (such Governmental Consents,
together with those described in Section 7.1(c)(i), 7.1(c)(ii)
and 7.1(c)(iii), the "Required Governmental Consents"). For purposes of
this Agreement, the term "Governmental Consents" shall mean all notices,
reports, and other filings required to be made prior to the Effective Time by
the Company or Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries (including
Cingular) with, and all consents, registrations, approvals, permits,
clearances and authorizations required to be obtained prior to the Effective
Time by the Company or Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries
(including Cingular) from, any   -58-  Governmental Entity in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (d) Orders. No
court in the U.S. or U.S. federal or state legislature or other Qualifying
Governmental Entity shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered after the date of this Agreement any Law, order, decree or injunction
(whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and enjoins
or otherwise prohibits consummation of the Merger (collectively, an "Order").
No Governmental Entity not referred to in the prior sentence shall have
enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered an Order which is,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to result in a Regulatory
Material Adverse Effect or subject any officer or director of Parent or the
Company to criminal liability.   (e) S-4 Registration Statement. The S-4
Registration Statement shall have become effective under the Securities Act.
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the S-4 Registration Statement
shall have been issued.   7.2 Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger
Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are also
subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Parent at or prior to the Closing of
the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) The
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 5.1(b)(i)
relating to the capital stock of the Company shall be true and correct in all
material respects (A) on the date of this Agreement and (B) at the Closing
(except to the extent that such representation and warranty expressly speaks
as of a particular date, in which case such representation and warranty shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); (ii)
the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement
that are qualified by Company Material Adverse Effect shall be true and
correct (A) on the date of this Agreement and (B) at the Closing (except to
the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of a
particular date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true
and correct as of such earlier date); (iii) the other representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
correct (A) on the date of this Agreement and (B) at the Closing (except to
the extent that any such representation and warranty speaks as of a
particular date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so
true and correct as of such date); provided, however, that notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the condition set forth in this Section
7.2(a)(iii) shall be deemed to have been satisfied even if any
representations and warranties of the Company are not so true and correct
unless the failure of such representations and warranties of the Company to
be so true and correct (read for purposes of this Section 7.2(a)(iii) without
any materiality qualification), individually or in the aggregate, has had or
would reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; and
(iv) Parent shall have received at the Closing a certificate signed on behalf
of the Company by an executive officer of the Company to the effect that the
condition set forth in this Section 7.2(a) has been satisfied.    -59-  
(b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have
performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing, and Parent
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by an
executive officer of the Company to such effect.   (c) Consents Under
Agreements. The Company shall have obtained the consent or approval of each
Person whose consent or approval shall be required in order to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement under any Contract to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, except those for which the
failure to obtain such consent or approval would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (d) Tax Opinion. Parent shall have received the written opinion
of Sullivan and Cromwell LLP, counsel to Parent, or other counsel
reasonably satisfactory to Parent, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that
the Merger will be treated for Federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering
such opinion, counsel to Parent shall be entitled to rely upon assumptions,
representations, warranties and covenants, including those contained in this
Agreement and in the Tax Representation Letters described in Section 6.19 of
this Agreement.   (e) Governmental Consents. All Governmental Consents that
have been obtained shall have been obtained without the imposition of any
term, restriction, condition or consequence that would, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be likely to have or result in a Regulatory
Material Adverse Effect, and all Required Governmental Consents obtained from
the FCC shall have been obtained by Final Order. For the purpose of this
Agreement, "Final Order" means an action or decision that has been granted as
to which (i) no request for a stay or any similar request is pending, no stay
is in effect, the action or decision has not been vacated, reversed, set
aside, annulled or suspended and any deadline for filing such a request that
may be designated by statute or regulation has passed, (ii) no petition for
rehearing or reconsideration or application for review is pending and the
time for the filings of any such petition or application has passed, (iii) no
Governmental Entity has undertaken to reconsider the action on its own motion
and the time within which it may effect such reconsideration has passed and
(iv) no appeal is pending (including other administrative or judicial review)
or in effect and any deadline for filing any such appeal that may be
specified by statute or rule has passed, which in any such case (i), (ii),
(iii) or (iv) is reasonably likely to result in vacating, reversing, setting
aside, annulling, suspending or modifying such action or decision (in the
case of any modification in a manner that would impose any term, condition or
consequence that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
likely to have or result in a Regulatory Material Adverse Effect).   
-60-   7.3 Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The obligation of
the Company to effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction or
waiver by the Company at or prior to the Closing of the following
conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations
and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in Section 5.2(b)(i)
relating to the capital stock of Parent and Merger Sub shall be true and
correct in all material respects (A) on the date of this Agreement and (B) at
the Closing (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty
expressly speaks as of a particular date, in which case such representation
and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such
date); (ii) the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set
forth in this Agreement that are qualified by Parent Material Adverse Effect
shall be true and correct (A) on the date of this Agreement and (B) at the
Closing (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty
expressly speaks as of a particular date, in which case such representation
and warranty shall be so true and correct as of such date); (iii) the other
representations and warranties of Parent set forth in this Agreement shall be
so true and correct (A) on the date of this Agreement and (B) at the Closing
(except to the extent that any such representation or warranty speaks as of a
particular date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true
and correct as of such date) as of such date; provided, however, that
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the condition set forth in
this Section 7.3(a)(iii) shall be deemed to have been satisfied even if any
representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub are not so true and
correct unless the failure of such representations and warranties of Parent
and Merger Sub to be so true and correct (read for purposes of this Section
7.3(a)(iii) without any materiality qualification), individually or in the
aggregate, has had or would reasonably be likely to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect; and (iv) the Company shall have received at the Closing a
certificate signed on behalf of Parent by an executive officer of Parent to
the effect that the condition set forth in this Section 7.3(a) has been
satisfied.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Each
of Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed in all material respects
all obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or
prior to the Closing, and the Company shall have received a certificate
signed on behalf of Parent by an executive officer of Parent to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. The Company shall have received the written
opinion of Fried Frank, Harris, Shriver and Jacobson LLP, counsel to the
Company, or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, dated the
Closing Date, to the effect that the Merger will be treated for Federal
income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code. In rendering such opinion, counsel to the Company shall be
entitled to rely upon assumptions, representations, warranties and covenants,
including those contained in this Agreement and in the Tax Representation
Letters described in Section 6.19 of this Agreement.    -61-   7.4
Invoking Certain Conditions. Any party seeking to claim that a condition to
its obligation to effect the Merger has not been satisfied by reason of the
fact that a Company Material Adverse Effect, a Parent Material Adverse Effect
or Regulatory Material Adverse Effect has occurred or is reasonably likely to
occur or result shall have the burden of proof to establish that fact.  
ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION   8.1 Termination by Mutual Consent. This
Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior
to the Effective Time, whether before or after the approval by shareholders
or stockholders of the Company and Parent, respectively, referred to in
Section 7.1(a), by mutual written consent of the Company and Parent, by
action of their respective Boards of Directors.   8.2 Termination by Either
Parent or the Company. This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time by action of the Board of
Directors of either Parent or the Company if (a) the Merger shall not have
been consummated by March 6, 2007 (the "Termination Date"), whether such date
is before or after the date of approval by the shareholders or stockholders
of the Company or Parent, respectively; provided, however, that, if Parent or
the Company determines that additional time is necessary in order to obtain a
Required Governmental Consent, the Termination Date may be extended from time
to time by Parent or the Company one or more times by written notice to the
other party up to a date not beyond September 6, 2007, which date shall
thereafter be deemed to be the Termination Date, (b) the approval of this
Agreement by the Company\'s shareholders required by Section 7.1(a) shall not
have occurred at a meeting duly convened therefor or at any adjournment or
postponement thereof at which a vote upon this Agreement was taken, (c) the
approval of Parent\'s stockholders necessary for the issuance of Parent
Common Stock required to be issued pursuant to the Merger as required
by Section 7.1(a) shall not have been obtained at a meeting duly convened
therefor or at any adjournment or postponement thereof at which a vote on
such issuance was taken or (d) any Order permanently restraining, enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger shall become final and
non-appealable, except for any Order the existence of which would not result
in the failure of the condition set forth in Section 7.1(c) or (d) (whether
before or after the approval by the shareholders or stockholders of the
Company or Parent, respectively); provided that the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to clause (a) above shall not be available to any party
that has breached in any material respect its obligations under this
Agreement in any manner that shall have proximately contributed to the
failure of the Merger to be consummated.   8.3 Termination by the Company.
This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time
prior to the Effective Time, whether   -62-  before or after the approval
of this Agreement by the shareholders of the Company referred to in Section
7.1(a), by action of the Board of Directors of the Company if:   (a) the
Board of Directors of Parent shall have withheld or withdrawn, or qualified
or modified in a manner reasonably likely to be understood to be adverse to
the Company, the Parent Recommendation prior to the receipt of the approval
of Parent\'s stockholders satisfying the relevant portion of the condition
set forth in Section 7.1(a);   (b) prior to the receipt of the approval of
the Company\'s shareholders satisfying the relevant portion of the condition
set forth in Section 7.1(a), the Board of Directors of the Company approves a
Superior Proposal in accordance with Section 6.2(c) and authorizes the
Company to enter into a binding written agreement providing for such Superior
Proposal and, prior to or simultaneous with entering into such agreement pays
to Parent in immediately available funds the Termination Fee required to be
paid as set forth in Section 8.5; or   (c) there has been a breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by Parent or Merger Sub
in this Agreement, or any such representation and warranty shall have become
untrue after the date of this Agreement, such that Section 7.3(a) or 7.3(b)
would not be satisfied and such breach or failure to be true is not curable
or, if curable, is not curable by the Termination Date (as the same may be
extended).   8.4 Termination by Parent. This Agreement may be terminated and
the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, before
or after the approval by the stockholders of Parent referred to in Section
7.1(a), by action of the Board of Directors of Parent if:   (a) the Board
of Directors of the Company shall have withheld or withdrawn, or qualified or
modified in a manner reasonably likely to be understood to be adverse to
Parent, the Company Recommendation, or shall have approved or recommended to
the shareholders of the Company any Acquisition Proposal, in any such case
prior to the receipt of the approval of the Company\'s shareholders
satisfying the relevant portion of the condition set forth in Section
7.1(a);   (b) there has been a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Company in this Agreement, or any
such representation and warranty shall have become untrue after the date of
this Agreement, such that Section 7.2(a) or 7.2(b) would not be satisfied and
such breach or failure to be true is not curable or, if curable, is not
curable by the Termination Date (as the same may be extended), or   (c) the
Company shall have willfully or intentionally breached in any material
respect its obligations under Section 6.2.   -63-   8.5 Effect of
Termination and Abandonment. (a) In the event of termination of this
Agreement and the abandonment of the Merger pursuant to this Article VIII,
this Agreement (other than as set forth in Section 6.2 (as to the Parent-
Company standstill agreement), Section 6.11, this Section 8.5 and Article IX)
shall become void and of no effect with no liability on the part of any party
hereto (or of any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, legal
or financial advisors or other representatives); provided, however, that no
such termination shall relieve any party hereto from any liability for
damages to any other party resulting from any prior willful or intentional
breach of this Agreement or from any obligation to pay, if applicable, the
fees and reimbursement of expenses in accordance with Sections 6.11, 8.5(b)
or 8.5(c).   (b) If this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant
to Section 8.3(b), the Company shall pay to Parent a fee equal to $1.7
billion (the "Termination Fee") at the time set forth in Section 8.3(b). If
this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 8.4(c) the Company
shall promptly, but in no event later than two days after such termination,
pay to Parent the Termination Fee by wire transfer of same day funds. If (i)
this Agreement is terminated (x) by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section
8.2(b) or (y) by Parent pursuant to Section 8.4(a) or pursuant to Section
8.4(b) (solely with respect to a willful and intentional breach), (ii) in the
case of clause (x), prior to the vote on adoption of this Agreement at the
Company Shareholders Meeting, but after the date of this Agreement, one or
more bona fide Acquisition Proposals (other than from Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries) involving 50% or more of the outstanding Company Shares or
assets of the Company (including its interests in Cingular) representing 50%
or more of the fair market value of the consolidated assets of the Company
(including its interests in Cingular) or otherwise involving a transaction or
series of transactions that could reasonably be expected to result in value
to holders of Company Shares comparable to or more favorable than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (a "Covered Proposal") shall have
been publicly made or any Person shall have publicly announced an intention
(whether or not conditional) to make a Covered Proposal and, in the case of
clause (y), a Covered Proposal shall have been made after the date of this
Agreement and (iii) within 12 months after the date of a termination, any
Person (other than Parent or any of its affiliates or the Company and any of
its Subsidiaries) (an "Acquiring Person") has acquired, or has entered into
an agreement to acquire, by acquisition, merger, consolidation or other
business combination transaction or by purchase, sale, assignment, lease,
transfer or otherwise, in one transaction or in a series of related
transactions, at least 50% of the outstanding Company Shares (or shareholders
of the Company immediately prior to such transaction cease to hold at least
50% of the Company Shares (or any successor shares) after such transaction)
or at least 50% of the fair market value of the Company\'s consolidated
assets (including its interests in Cingular) or the Company or one or more of
its Subsidiaries transfers or otherwise disposes of at least 50% of the fair
market value of the Company\'s consolidated assets or the Company or one or
more of its Subsidiaries publicly announces its intention to effect any
such acquisition, transfer or disposition that in, one or a series of
related transactions, includes as the principal part thereof an extraordinary
dividend, spin-off, split-off, distribution, reclassification, issuer tender
offer   -64-  or similar transaction and thereafter completes such
transaction or a substantially similar transaction (it being understood that
a difference in consideration shall not be taken into account in determining
if the completed transaction is substantially similar), then the Company
shall promptly, but in no event later than two days after the completion of
such transaction or the time such agreement is entered into as the case may
be, pay Parent the Termination Fee (less any amounts reimbursed to Parent
pursuant to the next sentence), payable by wire transfer of same day funds.
If this Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section
8.2(b) or by Parent pursuant to Section 8.4(a), then the Company shall
promptly, but in no event later than two days after a request from Parent,
reimburse Parent for all fees and expenses (up to a maximum of $120 million)
incurred by Parent and its Subsidiaries (plus 60% of all fees and expenses
incurred by Cingular and its Subsidiaries) in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby, such reimbursement amount to be
payable by wire transfer of same day funds. The Company acknowledges that the
agreements contained in this Section 8.5(b) are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these
agreements, Parent and Merger Sub would not enter into this Agreement;
accordingly, if the Company fails to pay promptly the amount due pursuant to
this Section 8.5(b), and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent or Merger
Sub commences a suit which results in a judgment against the Company for the
fee set forth in this Section 8.5(b), the Company shall pay to Parent or
Merger Sub its costs and expenses (including attorneys\' fees) in connection
with such suit, together with interest on the amount of the fee at the prime
rate of Citibank N.A. in effect on the date such payment should have been
made.   (c) If (i) this Agreement is terminated by Parent or the
Company pursuant to Section 8.2(c) or by the Company pursuant to Section
8.3(a), (ii) prior to Parent Stockholders Meeting, but after the date of this
Agreement, a Covered Proposal (for this purpose substituting therein Parent
for each reference to the Company and Parent Common Stock for each reference
to Company Shares and disregarding the second proviso in the definition of
"Acquisition Proposal" and substituting "Section 6.1(b)(viii)" for "Section
6.1(a)(ix) or (xiii)" in the definition of "Acquisition Proposal") other than
any such Acquisition Proposal from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a
"Parent Covered Proposal") shall have been publicly made or any Person shall
have publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make a
Parent Covered Proposal and (iii) within 12 months after the date of a
termination, any Person (other than Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or the
Company and any of its Subsidiaries) (a "Parent Acquiring Person") has
acquired, or has entered into an agreement to acquire, by acquisition,
merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction or by
purchase, sale, assignment, lease, transfer or otherwise, in one transaction
or in a series of related transactions, at least 50% of the outstanding
shares of Parent Common Stock (or stockholders of Parent immediately prior to
such transactions cease to hold at least 50% of the shares of Parent Common
Stock (or successor shares) after such transaction) or at least 50% of the
fair market value of Parent\'s consolidated assets (including its interest in
Cingular) or Parent or one or more of its Subsidiaries transfers or otherwise
disposes of at least 50% of the fair market value of Parent\'s consolidated
assets or Parent or one or   -65-  more of its Subsidiaries publicly
announces its intention to effect any such acquisition, transfer or
disposition that, in one or a series of related transactions, includes as the
principal part thereof an extraordinary dividend, spin-off, split-off,
distribution, reclassification, issuer tender offer or similar transaction
and thereafter completes such transaction or a substantially similar
transaction (it being understood that a difference in consideration shall not
be taken into account in determining if the completed transaction
is substantially similar), then Parent shall promptly, but in no event later
than two days after the date of consummation of such acquisition or at the
time such agreement is entered into, as the case may be, pay to the Company
the Termination Fee (less any amounts reimbursed to the Company pursuant to
the next sentence), payable by wire transfer of same day funds. If this
Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 8.2(c)
or by the Company pursuant to Section 8.3(a), then Parent shall promptly, but
in no event later than two days after a request from the Company, reimburse
the Company for all fees and expenses (up to a maximum of $120 million)
incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries (plus 40% of all fees and
expenses incurred by Cingular and its Subsidiaries) in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, such reimbursement amount
to be payable by wire transfer of same day funds. Parent acknowledges that
the agreements contained in this Section 8.5(c) are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these
agreements, the Company would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if
Parent fails to pay promptly the amount due pursuant to this Section 8.5(c),
and, in order to obtain such payment, the Company commences a suit which
results in a judgment against Parent for the fee or reimbursement set forth
in this Section 8.5(c), Parent shall pay to the Company its costs and
expenses (including attorneys\' fees) in connection with such suit, together
with interest on the amount of the fee at the prime rate of Citibank N.A. in
effect on the date such payment should have been made.   ARTICLE IX  
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL   9.1 Survival. None of the covenants or
agreements of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub contained in this Agreement
shall survive the consummation of the Merger, except for those covenants and
agreements contained herein that by their terms apply or are to be performed
in whole or in part after the consummation of the Merger, including without
limitation, the agreements of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub contained in
Section 3.3 (Parent Board of Directors), Article IV, Section 6.12
(Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance), Section 6.10
(Employee Benefits), Section 6.18(b) (Tax-Free Qualification), and Section
6.20 (Cingular Headquarters), and this Article IX, which shall survive the
consummation of the Merger. All other representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements in this Agreement shall not survive the consummation of the
Merger or the termination of this Agreement.   9.2 Modification or
Amendment. Subject to any limitations under applicable Law, at any time prior
to the Effective Time, the parties hereto may modify or   -66-  amend
this Agreement, by written agreement executed and delivered by
duly authorized officers of the respective parties.   9.3 Waiver of
Conditions. (a) Any provision of this Agreement may be waived prior to the
Effective Time if, and only if, such waiver is in writing and signed by the
party against whom the waiver is to be effective.   (b) No failure or delay
by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or privilege. Except as otherwise herein provided, the rights
and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any
rights or remedies provided by Law.   9.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed
to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together
constitute the same agreement.   9.5 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL.   (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE IN AND IN ALL
RESPECTS SHALL BE INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND GOVERNED BY AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, except that with respect to matters
mandatorily governed by the GBCC, the GBCC shall govern. The parties hereby
irrevocably submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware
and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in the State
of Delaware, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or
proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or of any such
document, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or
proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said courts or that
the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or any such
document may not be enforced in or by such courts, and the parties hereto
irrevocably agree that all claims with respect to such action or proceeding
shall be heard and determined in such a Federal or state court. The parties
hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over the Person of
such parties and over the subject matter of such dispute and agree that
mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or
proceeding in the manner provided in Section 9.6 or in such other manner
as may be permitted by Law, shall be valid and sufficient service
thereof.   (b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY
WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND
DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED   -67-  BY THIS
AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) EACH SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE
IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER
VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO
THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION 9.5.   9.6 Notices. Notices, requests, instructions or
other documents to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given, (i) when sent if sent by facsimile, provided that the
fax is promptly confirmed by telephone confirmation thereof, (ii) when
delivered, if delivered personally to the intended recipient, and (iii) one
business day later, if sent by overnight delivery via a national courier
service, and in each case, addressed to a party at the following address for
such party:   if to Parent or Merger Sub   ATandT; Inc.  175 E. Houston 
San Antonio, Texas 78205  Attention: Wayne Watts, Esq.,  Senior Vice
President and Associate General Counsel  Fax: (210) 351-3257   with a copy
to:   Sullivan and Cromwell LLP  125 Broad Street  New York, New York
10004   Attention: Joseph B. Frumkin  Eric M. Krautheimer  Fax: (212)
558-3588   if to the Company   BellSouth Corporation  1155 Peachtree
Street  Suite 2000  Atlanta, Georgia 30309  Attention: Marc Gary, Esq. 
Fax: (404) 249-5948    -68-   with a copy to:   Fried, Frank, Harris,
Shriver and Jacobson LLP  One New York Plaza  New York, New York 10004 
Attention: Arthur Fleischer, Jr.  Peter Golden  Philip Richter  Fax: (212)
859-4000  or to such other persons or addresses as may be designated in
writing by the party to receive such notice as provided above.   9.7 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including any exhibits hereto), the
Confidentiality Agreement, the Company Disclosure Letter and the Parent
Disclosure Letter constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all other
prior agreements, understandings, representations and warranties both written
and oral, among the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof.  
9.8 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as provided in Section
6.12 (Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance), this Agreement
is not intended to, and does not, confer upon any Person other than the
parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.   9.9 Obligations of
Parent and of the Company. Whenever this Agreement requires a Subsidiary of
Parent (including Cingular) to take any action, such requirement shall be
deemed to include an undertaking on the part of Parent to cause such
Subsidiary to take such action. Whenever this Agreement requires a Subsidiary
of the Company (including Cingular) to take any action, such requirement
shall be deemed to include an undertaking on the part of the Company to cause
such Subsidiary to take such action and, after the Effective Time, on the
part of the Surviving Corporation to cause such Subsidiary to take such
action.   9.10 Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be
deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision
shall not affect the validity or enforceability or the other provisions
hereof. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any
Person or any circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and
equitable provision shall be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so
far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid
or unenforceable provision and (b) the remainder of this Agreement and the
application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not,
subject to clause (a), be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability,
except as a result of such substitution, nor shall such invalidity or
unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or
the application thereof, in any other jurisdiction.   -69-   9.11
Interpretation. (a) The table of contents and headings herein are for
convenience of reference only, do not constitute part of this Agreement and
shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the
provisions hereof. Where a reference in this Agreement is made to a Section
or Exhibit, such reference shall be to a Section of or Exhibit to this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Whenever the words "include,"
"includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to
be followed by the words "without limitation." The term "Qualifying
Governmental Entity" shall have the meaning set out on Section 9.11(a) of the
Parent Disclosure Letter.   (b) The parties have participated jointly in
negotiating and drafting this Agreement. In the event that an ambiguity or a
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be
construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden
of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the
authorship of any provision of this Agreement.   9.12 Captions. The
Article, Section and paragraph captions herein are for convenience of
reference only, do not constitute part of this Agreement and shall not be
deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.   9.13
Specific Performance. The parties acknowledge and agree that any breach of
this Agreement would give rise to irreparable harm for which monetary damages
would not be an adequate remedy. The parties accordingly agree that, in
addition to other remedies, the parties shall be entitled to enforce the
terms of this Agreement by decree of specific performance without
the necessity of proving the inadequacy of monetary damages as a remedy and
to obtain injunctive relief against any breach or threatened breach
hereof.   9.14 Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assignable by
operation of law or otherwise; provided, however, that Parent may designate
prior to the Effective Time, by written notice to the Company, another
wholly-owned direct or indirect Subsidiary to be a party to the Merger in
lieu of Merger Sub (unless doing so would prevent or delay or impair the
Merger or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby), in which
event all references herein to Merger Sub shall be deemed references to such
other Subsidiary (except with respect to representations and warranties made
herein with respect to Merger Sub as of the date of this Agreement) and all
representations and warranties made herein with respect to Merger Sub as of
the date of this Agreement shall also be made with respect to such other
Subsidiary as of the date of such designation. Any assignment in
contravention of the preceding sentence shall be null and void.    
-70-   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by the duly authorized officers of the parties hereto as of the
date first written above.   BELLSOUTH CORPORATION    By: /s/ F. Duane
Ackerman  -------------------------------  Name: F. Duane Ackerman  Title:
Chairman and Chief  Executive Officer    ATandT; INC.   By: /s/ Edward E.
Whitacre, Jr.  -------------------------------  Name: Edward E. Whitacre,
Jr.  Title: Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive Officer    ABC
CONSOLIDATION CORP.    By: /s/ Randall L. Stephenson 
-------------------------------  Name: Randall L. Stephenson  Title:
President      -71-   '

