 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT    1 
EXHIBIT 10.20   ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this "Agreement") is made as of March 3, 2000 among the company or companies
designated as Seller on the signature page hereto (collectively, "Seller")
and the company or companies designated as Buyer on the signature page hereto
(collectively, "Buyer").   Recitals   A. Seller owns and operates the
following radio broadcast stations (collectively, the "Stations") pursuant to
certain authorizations issued by the Federal Communications Commission (the
"FCC"):   WUBE-FM, Cincinnati, OH   WDOK(FM), Cleveland, OH  WQAL(FM),
Cleveland, OH  WZJM(FM), Cleveland Heights, OH   KDJM(FM), Greeley, CO 
KIMN(FM), Denver, CO  KXKL-FM, Denver, CO   WMFR(AM), High Point, NC 
WSJS(AM), Winston-Salem, NC  WSML(AM), Graham, NC   WJHM(FM), Daytona
Beach, FL  WOCL(FM), Deland, FL  WOMX-FM, Orlando, FL   KOOL-FM, Phoenix,
AZ  KZON(FM), Phoenix, AZ  KMLE(FM), Chandler, AZ   KPLN(FM), San Diego,
CA  KYXY(FM), San Diego, CA   B. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein, Buyer desires to acquire the Station Assets (defined
below).   C. Clear Channel Communications, Inc. and AMFM Inc. (parents of
Seller) and CCU Merger Sub, Inc. are parties to an Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated October 2, 1999 (the "AMFM Agreement").     2 
Agreement   NOW, THEREFORE, taking the foregoing into account, and in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, the
parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:  ARTICLE
1: PURCHASE OF ASSETS   1.1. Station Assets. On the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof, on the Closing Date (defined below), Seller shall sell,
assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase and
acquire from Seller the following (the "Station Assets"): all of the right,
title and interest of Seller in and to all of the assets, properties,
interests and rights of Seller of whatsoever kind and nature, real and
personal, tangible and intangible, which are either used exclusively in the
operation of the Stations or necessary to operate the Stations in all
material respects as currently operated, but excluding the Excluded Assets as
hereafter defined. Except as provided in Section 1.2, the Station Assets
include the following:   (a) all licenses, permits and other authorizations
which are issued to Seller by the FCC with respect to the Stations (the "FCC
Licenses"), including those described on Schedule 1.1(a), including any
pending applications for or renewals or modifications thereof between the
date hereof and Closing;   (b) all Seller\'s equipment, electrical devices,
antennae, cables, tools, hardware, office furniture and fixtures, office
materials and supplies, inventory, motor vehicles, spare parts and other
tangible personal property of every kind and description which are either
used exclusively in the operation of the Stations or necessary to operate the
Stations in all material respects as currently operated, including those
listed on Schedule 1.1(b), except any retirements or dispositions thereof
made between the date hereof and Closing in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practices of Seller consistent with Article 9 (the
"Tangible Personal Property"), and any assignable vendor warranties with
respect thereto;   (c) the contracts, agreements, and leases which are used
in the operation of the Stations and listed or described on Schedule 1.1(c),
together with all contracts, agreements, and leases made between the date
hereof and Closing in the ordinary course of business that are used in the
operation of the Stations consistent with Article 9 (the "Station
Contracts");   (d) all of Seller\'s rights in and to the Stations\' call
letters and Seller\'s rights in and to the trademarks, trade names, service
marks, internet domain names, franchises, copyrights, computer software,
programs and programming material, jingles, slogans, logos, and other
intangible property which are either used exclusively in the operation of the
Stations or necessary to operate the Stations in all material respects as
currently operated (except that, as to items used by more than one station,
the Station Assets include only the right to use such items in the manner
used by Seller at the applicable Station on a basis exclusive in the
market     -2-  3  so long as such items are used, but non-exclusive in
that no right is granted to Buyer hereunder with respect to other markets
(some of which may overlap), and such right is limited to the extent of
Seller\'s rights), including those listed on Schedule 1.1(d) (the "Intangible
Property");   (e) Seller\'s rights in and to all the files, documents,
records, and books of account (or copies thereof) relating to the operation
of the Stations, including the Stations\' local public files, programming
information and studies, blueprints, technical information and engineering
data, advertising studies, marketing and demographic data, sales
correspondence, lists of advertisers, credit and sales reports, and logs, but
excluding records relating to Excluded Assets (defined below); and   (f)
except as set forth on Schedule 1.2(h), all interests in real property which
is used in the operation of the Stations (including any of Seller\'s
appurtenant easements and improvements located thereon), including the real
property described on Schedule 1.1(f) (the "Real Property").   The Station
Assets shall be transferred to Buyer free and clear of liens, claims and
encumbrances ("Liens") except for (i) Assumed Obligations (defined in Section
2.1), (ii) liens for taxes not yet due and payable and for which Buyer
receives a credit pursuant to Section 3.2, (iii) such liens, easements,
rights of way, building and use restrictions, exceptions, reservations and
limitations that do not in any material respect detract from the value of the
property subject thereto or impair the use thereof in the ordinary course of
the business of the Stations, and (iv) any items listed on Schedule 1.1(b)
(collectively, "Permitted Liens").   1.2. Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Station Assets shall not
include the following assets along with all rights, title and interest
therein (the "Excluded Assets"):   (a) all cash and cash equivalents of
Seller, including without limitation certificates of deposit, commercial
paper, treasury bills, marketable securities, asset or money market accounts
and all such similar accounts or investments;   (b) all accounts receivable
or notes receivable arising in the operation of the Stations prior to
Closing;   (c) all tangible and intangible personal property of
Seller disposed of or consumed in the ordinary course of business of Seller
between the date of this Agreement and Closing consistent with Article 9;  
(d) all Station Contracts that terminate or expire prior to Closing in the
ordinary course of business of Seller;   (e) Seller\'s name, corporate
minute books, charter documents, corporate stock record books and such other
books and records as pertain to the organization, existence     -3- 
4  or share capitalization of Seller, duplicate copies of the records of
the Stations, and all records not relating to the operation of the Stations
(it being understood that the Station Assets include copies of records shared
by one or more Stations and one or more other stations in the market and that
each party shall use reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of
the other\'s non-public information that is related to the Stations or
other stations);   (f) contracts of insurance, and all insurance proceeds
or claims made thereunder;   (g) except as provided in Section 10.4, all
pension, profit sharing or cash or deferred (Section 401(k)) plans and trusts
and the assets thereof and any other employee benefit plan or arrangement and
the assets thereof, if any, maintained by Seller;   (h) all rights,
properties and assets described on Schedule 1.2(h);   (i) all rights,
properties and assets used in the operation of the Stations and also used in
the operation of any other radio station or stations, except that any such
items that are necessary to operate the Stations in all material respects as
currently operated shall not be excluded unless replaced with items
sufficient to operate the Stations in all material respects as currently
operated (and such obligation shall not be subject to any minimum aggregate
Damages limitations set forth in Article 15 hereof); and   (j) the rights
and interests of any counter-party to any Station Contract or licensor of
Intangible Property   1.3. Lease Agreements. At Closing, Buyer and Seller
shall enter into the lease agreements described on Schedule 1.2(h) pursuant
to leases in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.  ARTICLE 2: ASSUMPTION
OF OBLIGATIONS   2.1. Assumed Obligations. Subject to Section 3.2, on the
Closing Date, Buyer shall assume the obligations of Seller arising after
Closing under the Station Contracts (the "Assumed Obligations"), including
without limitation all agreements for the sale of advertising time on the
Stations for cash in the ordinary course of business ("Time Sales
Agreements") and all agreements for the sale of advertising time on the
Stations for non-cash consideration entered into in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices ("Trade Agreements").   2.2.
Retained Obligations. Buyer does not assume or agree to discharge or perform
and will not be deemed by reason of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or any agreement, instrument or document delivered pursuant to
or in connection with this Agreement or otherwise by reason of the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, to have assumed or to
have agreed to discharge or perform, any liabilities, obligations or
commitments of Seller of any nature whatsoever whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or otherwise and      -4-  5  whether or not disclosed to
Buyer, other than the Assumed Obligations (the "Retained
Obligations").  ARTICLE 3: PURCHASE PRICE   3.1. Purchase Price. In
consideration for the sale of the Station Assets to Buyer, in addition to the
assumption of the Assumed Obligations, Buyer shall at Closing (defined below)
deliver to Seller by wire transfer of immediately available funds One Billion
Four Hundred Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,402,500,000),
subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 3.2 (the "Purchase Price").  
3.2. Prorations and Adjustments. Except as otherwise provided herein, all
deposits, reserves and prepaid and deferred income and expenses relating
to the Station Assets or the Assumed Obligations and arising from the conduct
of the business and operations of the Stations shall be prorated between
Buyer and Seller in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied ("GAAP") as of 11:59 p.m. on the date immediately
preceding the Closing Date. Such prorations shall include, without
limitation, any prepayments on Time Sales Agreements for time to be aired
after the Closing, all ad valorem, real estate and other property taxes (but
excluding taxes arising by reason of the transfer of the Station Assets as
contemplated hereby which shall be paid as set forth in Section 13.1),
business and license fees, music and other license fees (including any
retroactive adjustments thereof), any vacation leave accrued for Transferred
Employees assumed by Buyer hereunder, utility expenses, amounts due or to
become due under Station Contracts, rents, lease payments and similar prepaid
and deferred items. Real estate taxes shall be apportioned on the basis of
taxes assessed for the preceding year, with a reapportionment, if any,
as soon as the new tax rate and valuation can be ascertained. Except as
otherwise provided herein, the prorations and adjustments contemplated by
this Section 3.2, to the extent practicable, shall be made on the Closing
Date. As to those prorations and adjustments not capable of being ascertained
on the Closing Date, an adjustment and proration shall be made within ninety
(90) calendar days of the Closing Date. In the event of any disputes between
the parties as to such adjustments, the amounts not in dispute shall
nonetheless be paid at the time provided herein and such disputes shall be
determined by an independent certified public accountant mutually acceptable
to the parties, and the fees and expenses of such accountant shall be paid
one-half by Seller and one-half by Buyer. With respect to Trade Agreements,
if there exists on the Closing Date an aggregate negative trade balance in
excess of $800,000 in the aggregate for all Stations determined in accordance
with GAAP, then such excess will be treated as prepaid time sales and
adjusted for as a proration in Buyer\'s favor, but no adjustment in favor of
Seller shall be made for any positive trade balance existing on the Closing
Date.   3.3. Allocation. The Purchase Price shall be allocated among
the Station Assets in a manner as mutually agreed between the parties based
upon an appraisal prepared by Bond and Pecaro (whose fees shall be paid one-
half by Seller and one-half by Buyer). Seller and Buyer agree to use the
allocations determined pursuant to this Section 3.3 for all tax purposes,
including without limitation, those matters subject to Section 1060 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.     -5-  6  ARTICLE 4:
CLOSING   4.1. Closing. The consummation of the sale and purchase of the
Station Assets (the "Closing") shall occur on a date (the "Closing Date") and
at a time and place designated solely by Seller after FCC Consent (defined
below) (which date may be before, but shall not be later than, five business
days after closing under the AMFM Agreement), subject to satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions to Closing contained herein (other than those to be
satisfied at Closing). If requested by Seller, prior to Closing the parties
shall hold a pre-closing conference at a time and place designated by Seller,
at which the parties shall provide (for review only) all documents to be
delivered at Closing under this Agreement, each duly executed but undated,
and otherwise confirm their ability to timely consummate the
Closing.  ARTICLE 5: GOVERNMENTAL CONSENTS    Closing is subject to and
conditioned upon (i) prior FCC consent (the "FCC Consent") to the assignment
of the FCC Licenses to Buyer, (ii) United States Department of Justice
("DOJ") prior approval (the "DOJ Consent") of the transactions contemplated
hereby, including without limitation any such approval as may be necessary to
enable Seller to consummate the merger under the AMFM Agreement, and (iii)
expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period ("HSR Clearance")
under the HSR Act (defined below).   5.1. FCC. On a date designated by
Seller not earlier than three business days and not later than thirty
calendar days after the date of this Agreement, Buyer and Seller shall file
an application with the FCC (the "FCC Application") requesting the FCC
Consent. Buyer and Seller shall diligently prosecute the FCC Application and
otherwise use their best efforts to obtain the FCC Consent as soon as
possible. If the FCC Consent imposes upon Buyer any condition, Buyer shall
timely comply therewith, except as set forth in Section 5.3.   5.2. HSR. If
not previously filed, then within five (5) business days after the execution
of this Agreement, Buyer and Seller shall make any required filings with the
Federal Trade Commission and the DOJ pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby (including a request for early
termination of the waiting period thereunder), and shall thereafter promptly
respond to all requests received from such agencies for
additional information or documentation.   5.3. General. Buyer and Seller
shall notify each other of all documents filed with or received from any
governmental agency with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. Buyer and Seller shall furnish each other with such
information and assistance as such the other may reasonably request in
connection with their preparation of any governmental filing hereunder. If
Buyer becomes aware of any fact relating to it which would prevent or delay
the FCC Consent, the DOJ Consent or HSR Clearance, Buyer shall promptly
notify Seller thereof and take such steps as necessary to remove
such impediment, except as set forth below. During the four month period
after the date of this Agreement, the parties shall     -6-  7  use
their best efforts to obtain the FCC Consent, the DOJ Consent and
HSR Clearance. No party shall be required to divest any assets in order to
obtain FCC Consent, DOJ Consent or HSR Clearance, unless related to a new
acquisition or necessary to cure any inaccuracy in Buyer\'s representations
under the first three sentences of Section 6.4 based upon the Communications
Act and rules, regulations and policies of the FCC as in existence on the
date of the Agreement.  ARTICLE 6: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
BUYER   Buyer hereby makes the following representations and warranties
to Seller:   6.1. Organization and Standing. Buyer is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its organization, and is or at Closing will be qualified to do business in
each jurisdiction in which the Station Assets are located. Buyer has the
requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all
of the other agreements and instruments to be executed and delivered by Buyer
pursuant hereto (collectively, the "Buyer Ancillary Agreements"), to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to comply
with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof and thereof.   6.2.
Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the Buyer Ancillary Agreements by Buyer have been duly authorized and
approved by all necessary action of Buyer and do not require any
further corporate authorization or consent of Buyer. This Agreement is, and
each Buyer Ancillary Agreement when executed and delivered by Buyer and the
other parties thereto will be, a legal, valid and binding agreement of Buyer
enforceable in accordance with its respective terms, except in each case as
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting or limiting the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and except as such enforceability is subject to
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   6.3. No Conflicts
Neither the execution and delivery by Buyer of this Agreement and the Buyer
Ancillary Agreements or the consummation by Buyer of any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby nor compliance by Buyer with or fulfillment by
Buyer of the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof will: (i)
conflict with any organizational documents of Buyer or any law, judgment,
order or decree to which Buyer is subject; or (ii) require the approval,
consent, authorization or act of, or the making by Buyer of any declaration,
filing or registration with, any third party or any foreign, federal, state
or local court, governmental or regulatory authority or body, except the FCC
Consent and DOJ Consent, and, if applicable, HSR Clearance.   6.4.
Qualification. Buyer is legally, financially and otherwise qualified to be
the licensee of, acquire, own and operate the Stations under
the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the "Communications Act") and the
rules, regulations and policies of the FCC. There are no facts that would,
under existing law and the existing rules, regulations, policies    
-7-  8  and procedures of the FCC, disqualify Buyer as an assignee of the
FCC Licenses or as the owner and operator of the Stations. No waiver of any
FCC rule or policy is necessary for the FCC Consent to be obtained. As of the
date of this Agreement, to Buyer\'s knowledge, there is no action, suit or
proceeding pending or threatened against Buyer which questions the legality
or propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or could
materially adversely affect Buyer\'s ability to perform its obligations
hereunder. Buyer has and will have available on the Closing Date sufficient
funds to enable it to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  
6.5. No Finder. No broker, finder or other person is entitled to
a commission, brokerage fee or other similar payment in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of any
agreement or action of Buyer or any party acting on Buyer\'s
behalf.  ARTICLE 7: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER   Seller
makes the following representations and warranties to Buyer:   7.1.
Organization. Seller is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and is qualified to
do business in each jurisdiction in which the Station Assets are located.
Seller has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and all of the other agreements and instruments to be executed and
delivered by Seller pursuant hereto (collectively, the "Seller
Ancillary Agreements"), to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby and to comply with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof
and thereof.   7.2. Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Seller Ancillary Agreements by Seller have been
duly authorized and approved by all necessary action of Seller and do not
require any further corporate authorization or consent of Seller. This
Agreement is, and each Seller Ancillary Agreement when executed and delivered
by Seller and the other parties thereto will be, a legal, valid and binding
agreement of Seller enforceable in accordance with its respective terms,
except in each case as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
moratorium, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting or
limiting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except as such
enforceability is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law).   7.3. No Conflicts. Neither the execution and delivery by Seller of
this Agreement and the Seller Ancillary Agreements or the consummation by
Seller of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby nor
compliance by Seller with or fulfillment by Seller of the terms, conditions
and provisions hereof or thereof will: (i) conflict with any organizational
documents of Seller or any law, judgment, order, or decree to which Seller is
subject or, except as set forth on Schedule 1.1(c) (which identifies Station
Contracts that require third party consent to assign), any Station Contract;
or (ii) require the approval, consent,     -8-  9  authorization or
act of, or the making by Seller of any declaration, filing or registration
with, any other third party or any foreign, federal, state or local court,
governmental or regulatory authority or body, except the FCC Consent and DOJ
Consent and, if applicable, HSR Clearance. Except for any Affiliate
(defined below) that conveys the appropriate interest to Buyer pursuant to
this Agreement upon Closing, no Affiliate of Seller owns or holds any assets
which are either used exclusively in the operation of the Stations or
necessary to operate Stations in all material respects as currently operated
other than Excluded Assets.   7.4. FCC Licenses. Seller (or one of the
companies comprising Seller) is the holder of the FCC Licenses described on
Schedule 1.1(a). The FCC Licenses listed in Schedule 1.1(a) comprise all
material FCC licenses used in the present operation of the Stations and each
is in full force and effect and has not been revoked, suspended, canceled,
rescinded or terminated and has not expired. There is not pending any action
by or before the FCC to revoke, suspend, cancel, rescind or materially
adversely modify any of the FCC Licenses (other than proceedings to amend FCC
rules of general applicability), and there is not now issued or outstanding,
by or before the FCC, any order to show cause, notice of violation, notice of
apparent liability, or notice of forfeiture against Seller with respect to
the Stations. The Stations are operating in compliance in all material
respects with the FCC Licenses, the Communications Act, and the
rules, regulations and policies of the FCC.   7.5. Taxes. Seller has, in
respect of the Stations\' business, filed all foreign, federal, state, county
and local income, excise, property, sales, use, franchise and other tax
returns and reports which are required to have been filed by it under
applicable law and has paid all taxes which have become due pursuant to such
returns or pursuant to any assessments which have become payable.   7.6.
Personal Property. Schedule 1.1(b) contains a list of all material items of
Tangible Personal Property included in the Station Assets. Seller has title
to the Tangible Personal Property free and clear of Liens other
than Permitted Liens. The Station Assets include all items of Seller\'s
equipment and other tangible personal property that are necessary to operate
the Stations in all material respects as currently operated (or replacement
items as provided by Section 1.2(i)). The items of Tangible Personal Property
listed on Schedule 1.1(b) are in all material respects in normal working
condition consistent with Seller\'s past practices, ordinary wear and tear
excepted.   7.7. Real Property. Schedule 1.1(f) contains a description of
all Real Property included in the Station Assets. Seller has fee simple title
to the owned Real Property ("Owned Real Property") free and clear of Liens
other than Permitted Liens. Schedule 1.1(f) includes a description of each
lease of Real Property or similar agreement included in the Station Assets
(the "Real Property Leases"). The Owned Real Property includes, and the Real
Property Leases provide, access to the Stations\' facilities. To Seller\'s
knowledge, the Real Property is not subject to any suit for condemnation or
other taking by any public authority. Seller has received no notice of
termination of any material Real Property Leases.     -9-  10   7.8.
Contracts. Each of the Station Contracts (including without limitation each
of the Real Property Leases) is in effect and is binding upon Seller and, to
Seller\'s knowledge, the other parties thereto (subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or affecting the
enforcement of creditors\' rights generally). Seller has performed its
obligations under each of the Station Contracts in all material respects, and
is not in material default thereunder, and to Seller\'s knowledge, no
other party to any of the Station Contracts is in default thereunder in any
material respect. Seller has made available to Buyer for review all material
Station Contracts existing as of the date of this Agreement.   7.9.
Environmental. Except as set forth on Schedule 1.1(f), to
Seller\'s knowledge, no hazardous or toxic substance or waste regulated under
any applicable environmental, health or safety law has been generated,
stored, transported or released on, in, from or to the Real Property included
in the Station Assets. Except as set forth on Schedule 1.1(f), to Seller\'s
knowledge, Seller has complied in all material respects with all
environmental, health and safety laws applicable to the Stations.   7.10.
Intangible Property. Schedule 1.1(d) contains a description of the material
Intangible Property included in the Station Assets. Except as set forth on
Schedule 1.1(d), Seller has received no notice of any claim that its use of
the Intangible Property infringes upon any third party rights. Except as set
forth on Schedule 1.1(d), Seller owns or has the right to use the
Intangible Property free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens.  
7.11. Compliance with Law. Seller has complied in all material respects with
all laws, regulations, rules, writs, injunctions, ordinances,
franchises, decrees or orders of any court or of any foreign, federal, state,
municipal or other governmental authority which are applicable to the
operation of the Stations. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or
threatened against Seller in respect of the Stations that will subject Buyer
to liability or which questions the legality or propriety of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. To Seller\'s knowledge, there are no
governmental claims or investigations pending or threatened against Seller in
respect of the Stations (except those affecting the industry generally).  
7.12. No Finder. No broker, finder or other person is entitled to
a commission, brokerage fee or other similar payment in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of any
agreement or action of Seller or any party acting on Seller\'s behalf.  
7.13. Financial Statements. Seller has delivered to Buyer copies of
the unaudited results of operations of the Stations for the twelve months
ended December 31, 1999, prepared in accordance with the books and records of
the Stations.  ARTICLE 8: ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE   8.1. Accounts Receivable.
All accounts receivable arising prior to the Closing Date in connection with
the operation of the Stations, including but not limited to accounts
receivable for advertising revenues for programs and announcements performed
prior to the     -10-  11  Closing Date and other broadcast revenues
for services performed prior to the Closing Date, shall remain the property
of Seller (the "Accounts Receivable") and Buyer shall not acquire any right
or interest therein; provided, however, that prepaid income and expenses of
the Stations shall be prorated as of Closing as set forth in Section 3.2
hereof. For a period of six months from Closing (the "Collection Period"),
Buyer shall collect the Accounts Receivable in the normal and ordinary course
of Buyer\'s business and shall apply all such amounts collected to the
debtor\'s oldest account receivable first unless the account debtor disputes
the oldest receivable in good faith and expressly directs otherwise. Buyer\'s
obligation shall not extend to the institution of litigation, employment of
counsel or a collection agency or any other extraordinary means
of collection. During the Collection Period, neither Seller nor its agents
shall make any direct solicitation of any such account debtor for collection
purposes or institute litigation for the collection of amounts due. Any
amounts relating to the Accounts Receivable that are paid directly to Seller
shall be retained by Seller. Within ten calendar days after the end of each
month, Buyer shall make a payment to Seller equal to the amount of all
collections of Accounts Receivable during the preceding month. At the end of
the Collection Period, any remaining Accounts Receivable shall be returned to
Seller for collection.  ARTICLE 9: COVENANTS OF SELLER   9.1. Seller\'s
Covenants. Seller covenants and agrees with respect to the Stations that,
between the date hereof and Closing, except as permitted by this Agreement or
with the prior written consent of Buyer, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, Seller shall:   (a) continue to promote and advertise the Stations
consistent with past practice, make any capital expenses previously budgeted
by Seller for the Stations for such period, and otherwise operate the
Stations in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and
in all material respects in accordance with FCC rules and regulations and
with all other applicable laws, regulations, rules and orders;   (b) not
materially adversely modify any of the FCC Licenses or materially change the
format of any of the Stations, or, other than in the ordinary course of
business in accordance with past practice (and with replacement of any items
that should be replaced in accordance with such practices), sell, lease or
dispose of or agree to sell, lease or dispose of any of the Station
Assets;   (c) furnish Buyer with such information relating to the
Station Assets as Buyer may reasonably request, at Buyer\'s expense and
provided such request does not interfere unreasonably with the business of
the Stations;   (d) make available to Buyer, and authorize its accountants
to cooperate and make available to Buyer, at Buyer\'s expense and reasonable
request such financial information regarding the Stations as is maintained by
Seller on a basis not consolidated with other stations, and provide to Buyer
copies of any unaudited monthly results of operation of the Stations
generated in the ordinary course of business;     -11-  12   (e) after
Seller publicly announces the transaction contemplated hereby and files this
Agreement with the FCC, then, when reasonably requested by Buyer, provide
Buyer access to the Stations\' facilities that are included in the Station
Assets during normal business hours, provided, however, that such
access shall not interfere with the Stations\' business;   (f) (i) notify
Buyer promptly if a Station is off the air for a continuous period of eight
(8) hours or more or a Station\'s normal broadcast transmissions are
interrupted or impaired in any material respect for a continuous period of 48
hours or more, (ii) maintain the Stations\' inventories of spare parts and
expendable supplies at levels in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, and (iii) maintain the Tangible Personal Property in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and in the event
of any loss or damage thereto, replace the lost or damaged items in the
ordinary course of business; and   (g) comply with reasonable requests of
Buyer to request ordinary course renewals or cancellations of any of the
Station Contracts, and, unless pursuant to Buyer\'s request or consent, and
except for those terminable on ninety (90) days or less notice without
penalty, not enter into any new Station Contracts (other than Time Sales
Agreements or Trade Agreements) that involve a post-Closing term of more than
one year or a post-Closing expense to Buyer in excess of $100,000 per Station
Contract or that is with an Affiliate of Seller (unless the terms are no less
favorable to the Stations than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from
an unaffiliated third party).   9.2. Real Property. Buyer may at its expense
conduct an environmental review of the Real Property and a title review of
the owned Real Property prior to Closing. If it is established prior to
Closing that there exists a material adverse violation of, or condition
requiring remediation under, applicable environmental law at any of the
Stations\' owned Real Property (an "Environmental Condition"), then Buyer may
elect to designate the affected Real Property as an Excluded Asset (but such
exclusion shall not deprive Buyer of any other Station Assets at such site to
which it is entitled upon Closing), and upon Closing the parties shall
cooperate to facilitate Buyer\'s transition from such site to a new location
at Buyer\'s expense (except as set forth below) and without delay of Closing.
If Buyer makes such election with respect to an Environmental Condition that
is not disclosed in any environmental report set forth on Schedule 1.1(f) and
that at Closing has a remediation cost exceeding $250,000, then upon
Closing Seller shall either (at Seller\'s option): (i) lease such Real
Property to Buyer for a term of thirty years without basic rent but with
reimbursement of all costs of ownership of such Real Property other than
costs related to the Environmental Condition (and with reciprocal options to
convey and acquire such Real Property for no additional consideration if the
Environmental Condition is later remediated in all material respects) or (ii)
acquire other Real Property, build out such property (in a manner
substantially comparable to than the affected property) and move the affected
Station facilities to such property or (iii) remediate the Environmental
Condition in all material respects after Closing. If it is established prior
to Closing that Seller\'s title to any owned real property currently used by
Seller in the operation of the Stations is subject to a title defect or
deficiency that materially adversely affects the operation of a Station
located thereon as currently operated, then, except for Permitted
Liens,     -12-  13  Seller shall remedy such defect in all material
respects, but the Closing shall not be delayed and Seller may remedy any such
condition after Closing.  ARTICLE 10: JOINT COVENANTS   Buyer and Seller
hereby covenant and agree that between the date hereof and Closing:   10.1.
Cooperation. Subject to express limitations contained elsewhere herein, each
party (i) shall cooperate fully with one another in taking any reasonable
actions (including without limitation, reasonable actions to obtain the
required consent of any governmental instrumentality or any third
party) necessary or helpful to accomplish the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including but not limited to the prompt satisfaction of any
condition to Closing set forth herein, and (ii) shall not take any action
that conflicts with its obligations hereunder or that causes its
representations and warranties to become untrue in any material respect.  
10.2. Control of Stations. Buyer shall not, directly or indirectly, control,
supervise or direct the operations of the Stations prior to Closing. Such
operations, including complete control and supervision of all
Station programs, employees and policies, shall be the sole responsibility of
Seller.   10.3. Consents to Assignment. Seller shall request, and the
parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, (i) any third
party consents necessary for the assignment of any Station Contract (which
shall not require any payment to any such third party unless specifically
required by such Station Contract, in which case such payment shall be paid
equally by Seller and Buyer), and (ii) the execution of reasonable estoppel
certificates by lessors under any Real Property Leases requiring consent to
assignment. To the extent that any Station Contract may not be assigned
without the consent of any third party, and such consent is not obtained
prior to Closing, this Agreement and any assignment executed pursuant hereto
shall not constitute an assignment thereof, but to the extent permitted by
law shall constitute an equitable assignment by Seller and assumption by
Buyer of Seller\'s rights and obligations under the applicable Station
Contract, with Seller making available to Buyer the benefits thereof and
Buyer performing the obligations thereunder on Seller\'s behalf.   10.4.
Employee Matters.   (a) After Seller publicly announces this transaction and
files this Agreement with the FCC, Buyer may interview (and offer employment
upon Closing) to the Stations\' exclusive employees and the shared employees
of the Stations allocated to it under Section 10.4(c); provided that (i) such
activity shall not interfere with the business of the Stations and (ii) Buyer
is obligated to hire only those employees that are under employment contracts
(and assume Seller\'s obligations and liabilities under such employment
contracts) which are included in the Station Contracts. With respect to
employees potentially to be hired by Buyer, to the extent permitted by law
Seller shall provide access to its personnel records and such other
information as may be reasonably requested prior to Closing. With respect to
employees     -13-  14  hired by Buyer ("Transferred Employees"),
Seller shall be responsible for the payment of all compensation and accrued
employee benefits payable by it until Closing and thereafter Buyer shall be
responsible for all such obligations payable by it. Buyer shall cause all
Transferred Employees to be eligible to participate in its "employee welfare
benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and its "defined
contribution plans" (as defined in Section 414(i) of the Code) to the extent
Buyer\'s similarly-situated employees are generally eligible to participate;
provided, however, that all Transferred Employees and their spouses and
dependents shall be eligible for coverage immediately after Closing (and
shall not be excluded from coverage under any employee welfare benefit plan
that is a group health plan on account of any pre-existing condition, as long
as such condition was covered under Buyer\'s group health plan) to the extent
provided under such employee welfare benefit plans. For purposes of any
length of service requirements, waiting periods, vesting periods or
differential benefits based on length of service in any such employee
welfare benefit plans for which Transferred Employees may be eligible after
Closing, Buyer shall ensure, to the extent permitted by applicable law
(including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code), that service with Seller
shall be deemed to have been service with Buyer. No such service credit must
be granted with respect to participation or eligibility in any employee
defined contribution plan. In addition, Buyer shall ensure, to the extent
permitted by applicable law (including, without limitation, ERISA and the
Code), that Transferred Employees receive credit under any welfare benefit
plan of Buyer for any deductibles or co-payments paid by Transferred
Employees and their spouses and dependents for the current plan year under a
plan maintained by Seller. Notwithstanding any other provision contained
herein, Buyer shall grant credit for all unused sick leave accrued by
Transferred Employees on the basis of their service during the current
calendar year as employees of Seller. Notwithstanding any other provision
contained herein, Buyer shall assume and discharge Seller\'s liabilities for
the payment of all unused vacation leave accrued by Transferred Employees on
the basis of their service as employees of Seller. As provided in Section
3.2, Buyer shall be entitled to a proration in its favor for any
accrued vacation leave (but not accrued sick leave) assumed hereunder.  
(b) At such time as the Seller can represent to the Buyer as to the tax-
qualified status of the 401(k) savings plan(s) in which Transferred Employees
retain account balances with the Seller or its subsidiaries (the "Saving
Plan(s)") and furnish to Buyer a favorable Internal Revenue
Service determination letter as to the tax-qualified status of such Savings
Plan(s) under Section 401(a) of the Code (or an opinion of counsel that the
form of the Savings Plan(s) is so qualified), Buyer and Seller may, at
Buyer\'s sole discretion after review of Seller\'s Plan(s), enter into a
401(k) plan asset transfer agreement pursuant to which Buyer shall establish
a defined contribution plan (or cover Transferred Employees under an existing
defined contribution plan sponsored by Buyer) for the benefit of Transferred
Employees who were participants in the Savings Plan(s).   (c) Seller shall
promptly provide Buyer a list of the Stations\' exclusive employees (those
who perform services solely for the Stations) and shared employees (those who
perform services for the Stations and other radio stations). The parties will
cooperate to equitably allocate the Stations\' shared employees (in each
market in a manner consistent with the relative size of operations of the
Stations in such market compared to Seller\'s affected     -14- 
15  stations (being those for which any shared employee provided services on
the date of this Agreement) based upon relative operating income). Those
exclusive and shared Station employees so allocated to Buyer to whom Buyer
before Closing offers post-Closing employment (and does not rescind such
offer) are referred to herein as "Designated Employees." During the period
from the date of this Agreement until the date three months after Closing,
Buyer shall not solicit or hire Seller\'s radio station employees in the
markets in which the Stations are loc (other than solicitation and hiring
(for post-Closing employment) of Designated Employees) and Seller shall not
solicit or hire Buyer\'s radio station employees in the markets in which the
Stations are located or Designated Employees (other than to retain Designated
Employees until Closing but not transfer them from out of the market), in
either case for employment at a radio station in the markets in which the
Stations are located. During the three month period thereafter, Seller shall
not solicit or hire Buyer\'s Designated Employees. The parties\'
nonsolicitation and no-hire obligations hereunder shall not apply to new
hires or any employees terminated without cause.   10.5. 1031 Exchange. At
or prior to Closing, Seller may assign its rights under this Agreement (in
whole or in part) to a qualified intermediary (as defined in Treasury
regulation section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4)) or similar entity or arrangement
("Qualified Intermediary"). Upon any such assignment, Seller shall promptly
give written notice thereof to Buyer, and Buyer shall cooperate with the
reasonable requests of Seller and any Qualified Intermediary in connection
therewith. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if Seller gives
notice of such assignment, Buyer shall (i) promptly provide Seller with
written acknowledgment of such notice and (ii) at Closing, pay the
Purchase Price (or any portion thereof designated by the Qualified
Intermediary) to or on behalf of the Qualified Intermediary (which payment
shall, to the extent thereof, satisfy the obligations of Buyer to make such
payment hereunder). Seller\'s assignment to a Qualified Intermediary will not
relieve Seller of any of its duties or obligations herein. Except for the
obligations of Buyer set forth in this Section, Buyer shall not have any
liability or obligation to Seller for the failure of the contemplated
exchange to qualify as a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the
Internal Revenue Code.   10.6. Trust. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, Seller may at it option assign this Agreement (in
whole or part) and assign and transfer the Station Assets (in whole or in
part) to a trustee to hold and operate pursuant to a trust agreement,
provided such trustee assumes Seller\'s duties and obligations hereunder with
respect to the Station Assets held in such trust.  ARTICLE 11: CONDITIONS
OF CLOSING BY BUYER  The obligations of Buyer hereunder are, at its option,
subject to satisfaction, at or prior to Closing, of each of the following
conditions:   11.1. Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The
representations and warranties of Seller made in this Agreement shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date except for
changes permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement, and the
covenants and agreements to be complied with and performed by Seller at or
prior to     -15-  16  Closing shall have been complied with or
performed in all material respects. Buyer shall have received a certificate
dated as of the Closing Date from Seller, executed by an authorized officer
of Seller to the effect that the conditions set forth in this Section have
been satisfied.   11.2. Governmental Consents. The FCC Consent and DOJ
Consent, and, if applicable, HSR Clearance, shall have been obtained, and no
court or governmental order prohibiting Closing shall be in
effect.  ARTICLE 12: CONDITIONS OF CLOSING BY SELLER  The obligations of
Seller hereunder are, at its option, subject to satisfaction, at or prior to
Closing, of each of the following conditions:   12.1. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants. The representations and warranties of Buyer made in
this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the
Closing Date except for changes permitted or contemplated by the terms of
this Agreement, and the covenants and agreements to be complied with and
performed by Buyer at or prior to Closing shall have been complied with or
performed in all material respects. Seller shall have received a certificate
dated as of the Closing Date from Buyer, executed by an authorized officer of
Buyer, to the effect that the conditions set forth in this Section have been
satisfied.   12.2. Governmental Consents. The FCC Consent and DOJ Consent,
and, if applicable, HSR Clearance, shall have been obtained, and no court
or governmental order prohibiting Closing shall be in effect.   12.3. AMFM
Closing. The closing under the AMFM Agreement shall have been
consummated.  ARTICLE 13: EXPENSES   13.1. Expenses. Each party shall be
solely responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection
with the negotiation, preparation and performance of and compliance with the
terms of this Agreement, except that (i) all recordation, transfer and
documentary taxes, fees and charges, and any excise, sales or use taxes,
applicable to the transfer of the Station Assets shall be paid equally by
Seller and Buyer, (ii) all FCC filing fees shall be paid equally by Buyer and
Seller, and (iii) all HSR Act filing fees and expenses shall be paid equally
by Seller and Buyer.  ARTICLE 14: DOCUMENTS TO BE DELIVERED AT CLOSING  
14.1. Seller\'s Documents. At Closing, Seller shall deliver or cause to be
delivered to Buyer:      -16-  17   (i) certified copies of
resolutions authorizing its execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby;   (ii) the certificate described in Section 11.1; and   (iii) such
bills of sale, assignments, special warranty deeds, documents of title and
other instruments of conveyance, assignment and transfer as may be necessary
to convey, transfer and assign the Station Assets to Buyer, free and clear of
Liens, except for Permitted Liens.   14.2. Buyer\'s Documents. At Closing,
Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller:   (i) the certified
copies of resolutions authorizing its execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby;   (ii) the certificate described in Section 12.1; and   (iii) such
documents and instruments of assumption as may be necessary to assume the
Assumed Obligations; and   (iv) the Purchase Price in accordance with
Section 3.1 hereof.  ARTICLE 15: SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION.   15.1.
Survival. The covenants, agreements, representations and warranties in this
Agreement shall survive Closing for a period of twelve (12) months from the
Closing Date whereupon they shall expire and be of no further force or
effect, except those under (i) this Article 15 that relate to
Damages (defined below) for which written notice is given by the indemnified
party to the indemnifying party prior to the expiration, which shall survive
until resolved and (ii) Sections 2.1 (Assumed Obligations), 3.2
(Adjustments), 3.3 (Allocation), 8.1 (Accounts Receivable), 13.1 (Expenses)
and 17.1 (Casualty Loss), and indemnification obligations with respect to
such provisions, which shall survive until performed.   15.2.
Indemnification.  (a) From and after the Closing, Seller shall defend,
indemnify and hold harmless Buyer from and against any and all losses, costs,
damages, actions, suits, claims, demands, judgments, liabilities and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses ("Damages")
incurred by Buyer arising out of or resulting from: (i) any breach or default
by Seller under this Agreement or any Seller Ancillary Agreements; (ii) the
Retained Obligations; or (iii) the business or operation of the Stations
before Closing; provided, however, that (i) Seller shall have no liability to
Buyer hereunder until Buyer\'s aggregate Damages exceed $500,000 and, once
exceeded, Seller\'s liability shall be for all such Damages     -17- 
18  (except as provided in the following clause), and (ii) the maximum
liability of Seller hereunder shall be an amount equal to 20% of the Purchase
Price.   (b) From and after the Closing, Buyer shall defend, indemnify
and hold harmless Seller from and against any and all Damages incurred by
Seller arising out of or resulting from: (i) any breach or default by Buyer
under this Agreement or any Buyer Ancillary Agreements; (ii) the Assumed
Obligations; or (iii) the business or operation of the Stations after
Closing.   15.3. Procedures. The indemnified party shall give prompt
written notice to the indemnifying party of any demand, suit, claim or
assertion of liability by third parties or other circumstances that could
give rise to an indemnification obligation hereunder against the indemnifying
party (a "Claim"), but a failure to give such notice or delaying such notice
shall not affect the indemnified party\'s right to indemnification and the
indemnifying party\'s obligation to indemnify as set forth in this Agreement,
except to the extent the indemnifying party\'s ability to remedy, contest,
defend or settle with respect to such Claim is thereby prejudiced. The
obligations and liabilities of the parties with respect to any Claim shall be
subject to the following additional terms and conditions:   (a) The
indemnifying party shall have the right to undertake, by counsel or other
representatives of its own choosing, the defense or opposition to such
Claim.   (b) In the event that the indemnifying party shall elect not
to undertake such defense or opposition, or, within twenty (20) days after
written notice (which shall include sufficient description of background
information explaining the basis for such Claim) of any such Claim from the
indemnified party, the indemnifying party shall fail to undertake to defend
or oppose, the indemnified party (upon further written notice to the
indemnifying party) shall have the right to undertake the defense,
opposition, compromise or settlement of such Claim, by counsel or other
representatives of its own choosing, on behalf of and for the account and
risk of the indemnifying party (subject to the right of the indemnifying
party to assume defense of or opposition to such Claim at any time prior to
settlement, compromise or final determination thereof).   (c) Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding: (i) the indemnified party shall have
the right, at its own cost and expense, to participate in the defense,
opposition, compromise or settlement of the Claim; (ii) the indemnifying
party shall not, without the indemnified party\'s written consent, settle or
compromise any Claim or consent to entry of any judgment which does not
include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or the
plaintiff to the indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect
of such Claim; and (iii) in the event that the indemnifying party undertakes
defense of or opposition to any Claim, the indemnified party, by counsel or
other representative of its own choosing and at its sole cost and expense,
shall have the right to consult with the indemnifying party and its counsel
or other representatives concerning such Claim and the indemnifying party and
the indemnified party and their respective counsel or other representatives
shall cooperate in good faith with respect to such Claim.     -18-  19 
(d) All claims not disputed shall be paid by the indemnifying party within
thirty (30) days after receiving notice of the Claim. "Disputed Claims" shall
mean claims for Damages by an indemnified party which the indemnifying party
objects to in writing within thirty (30) days after receiving notice of the
Claim. In the event there is a Disputed Claim with respect to any Damages,
the indemnifying party shall be required to pay the indemnified party the
amount of such Damages for which the indemnifying party has, pursuant to
a final determination, been found liable within ten (10) days after there is
a final determination with respect to such Disputed Claim. A final
determination of a Disputed Claim shall be (i) a judgment of any court
determining the validity of a Disputed Claim, if no appeal is pending from
such judgment and if the time to appeal therefrom has elapsed; (ii) an award
of any arbitration determining the validity of such disputed claim, if there
is not pending any motion to set aside such award and if the time within
which to move to set aside such award has elapsed; (iii) a written
termination of the dispute with respect to such claim signed by the parties
thereto or their attorneys; (iv) a written acknowledgment of the indemnifying
party that it no longer disputes the validity of such claim; or (v) such
other evidence of final determination of a disputed claim as shall be
acceptable to the parties.  ARTICLE 16: TERMINATION   16.1. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to Closing as follows:  
(a) by mutual written consent of Buyer and Seller;   (b) by written notice
of Buyer to Seller if Seller (i) does not satisfy the conditions or perform
the obligations to be satisfied or performed by it on the Closing Date; or
(ii) otherwise breaches in any material respect any of its representations or
warranties or defaults in any material respect in the performance of any of
its covenants or agreements herein contained and such breach or default is
not cured within the Cure Period (defined below);   (c) by written notice of
Seller to Buyer if Buyer (i) does not satisfy the conditions or perform the
obligations to be satisfied or performed by it on the Closing Date; or (ii)
otherwise breaches in any material respect any of its representations or
warranties or defaults in any material respect in the performance of any of
its covenants or agreements herein contained and such breach or default is
not cured within the Cure Period (defined below);   (d) by written notice of
Buyer to Seller, or by Seller to Buyer, if the FCC denies the FCC
Application;   (e) by written notice of Seller to Buyer if the Closing shall
not have been consummated on or before the date four months after the date of
this Agreement and Seller determines in good faith that FCC Consent or HSR
Clearance will not be obtained on or before March 31, 2001;     -19- 
20  (f) by written notice of Buyer to Seller if the Closing shall not have
been consummated on or before the date nine months after the date of
this Agreement and Buyer determines in good faith that FCC Consent or HSR
Clearance will not be obtained on or before March 31, 2001;   (g) by
written notice of Seller to Buyer or Buyer to Seller if the Closing is not
consummated on or before March 31, 2001; or   (h) by written notice of
Seller to Buyer if the AMFM Agreement is terminated or expires.   The term
"Cure Period" as used herein means a period commencing the date Buyer or
Seller receives from the other written notice of breach or default hereunder
and continuing until the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days thereafter or (ii)
the Closing Date; provided, however, that if the breach or default
cannot reasonably be cured within such period but can be cured before the
Closing Date, and if diligent efforts to cure promptly commence, then the
Cure Period shall continue as long as such diligent efforts to cure continue,
but not beyond the Closing Date. Except as set forth below, the termination
of this Agreement shall not relieve any party of any liability for breach or
default under this Agreement prior to the date of termination.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Section 13.1 shall
survive any termination of this Agreement.   16.2. Remedies. The parties
recognize that if either party refuses to consummate the Closing pursuant to
the provisions of this Agreement or either party otherwise breaches or
defaults such that the Closing has not occurred ("Breaching Party"), monetary
damages alone will not be adequate to compensate the non-breaching party
("Non-Breaching Party") for its injury. Such Non-Breaching Party shall
therefore be entitled to obtain specific performance of the terms of this
Agreement (without being required to prove actual damages, post bond or
furnish other security) in lieu of, and not in addition to, any other
remedies, including but not limited to monetary damages, that may
be available to it; provided however, that Seller may elect to recover
liquidated damages in lieu of obtaining specific performance. If any action
is brought by the Non-Breaching Party to enforce this Agreement, the
Breaching Party shall waive the defense that there is an adequate remedy at
law. In the event of a default by the Breaching Party which results in the
filing of a lawsuit for damages, specific performance, or other remedy, the
Non-Breaching Party shall be entitled to reimbursement by the Breaching Party
of reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by the Non-Breaching Party,
provided that the Non-Breaching Party is successful in such lawsuit.  
16.3. Liquidated Damages. If Seller terminates this Agreement pursuant to
Section 16.1(c)(i) due to Buyer\'s failure to consummate the Closing on
the Closing Date or if this Agreement is otherwise terminated by Seller
pursuant to Section 16.1(c), then Buyer shall pay Seller as liquidated
damages an amount equal to 20% of the Purchase Price. If elected by and paid
to Seller, such liquidated damage payment shall be Seller\'s sole remedy
hereunder. It is understood and agreed that such liquidated damages amount
represents Buyer\'s and Seller\'s reasonable estimate of actual damages and
does not constitute a penalty.     -20-  21 ARTICLE 17: MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS   17.1. Casualty Loss. In the event any loss or damage of the
Station Assets exists on the Closing Date, Buyer and Seller shall consummate
the Closing and after Closing the parties shall cooperate to repair or
replace (as appropriate under the circumstances) the lost or damaged items at
Seller\'s reasonable expense.   17.2. Further Assurances. After the
Closing, Seller shall from time to time, at the request of and without
further cost or expense to Buyer, execute and deliver such other instruments
of conveyance and transfer and take such other actions as may reasonably be
requested in order to more effectively consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby to vest in Buyer good title to the Station Assets, and
Buyer shall from time to time, at the request of and without further cost or
expense to Seller, execute and deliver such other instruments and take such
other actions as may reasonably be requested in order more effectively to
relieve Seller of any obligations being assumed by Buyer hereunder.   17.3.
Assignment. Except as set forth in Sections 10.5 (1031 Exchange) and 10.6
(Trust), neither party may assign this Agreement without the prior written
consent of the other party hereto, provided that Buyer may assign its right
to acquire one or more Stations to one or more Affiliates of Buyer if
such assignment does not delay the governmental consents contemplated by
Article 5 (or otherwise delay Closing), the representations made by it under
this Agreement are true with respect to the assignee(s), the assigning party
gives Seller prior written notice thereof, and the assignee(s) deliver to
Seller a written assumption hereof. No such assignment shall relieve Buyer of
any obligation or liability under this Agreement. With respect to any
permitted assignment, the parties shall take all such actions as are
reasonably necessary to effectuate such assignment, including but not limited
to cooperating in any appropriate filings with the FCC or other governmental
authorities. All covenants, agreements, statements, representations,
warranties and indemnities in this Agreement by and on behalf of any of the
parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective
successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto.   17.4. Amendments.
No amendment, waiver of compliance with any provision or condition hereof or
consent pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective unless evidenced by an
instrument in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any
waiver, amendment, change, extension or discharge is sought.   17.5.
Headings; Affiliates. The headings set forth in this Agreement are for
convenience only and will not control or affect the meaning or construction
of the provisions of this Agreement. As used herein, the term "Affiliate"
means an entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with any
other entity.   17.6. Governing Law. The construction and performance of
this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without
giving effect to the choice of law     -21-  22  provisions thereof.
Each party irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any legal
proceeding arising out of this Agreement.   17.7. Notices. Any notice,
demand or request required or permitted to be given under the provisions of
this Agreement shall be in writing, including by facsimile, and shall be
deemed to have been received on the date of personal delivery, on the third
day after deposit in the U.S. mail if mailed by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid and return receipt requested, on the day after delivery to a
nationally recognized overnight courier service if sent by an overnight
delivery service for next morning delivery or when delivered by facsimile
transmission, and shall be addressed as follows (or to such other address as
any party may request by written notice):   if to Seller: c/o Clear Channel
Broadcasting, Inc.  200 Concord Plaza, Suite 600  San Antonio, Texas 78216 
Attention: President  Facsimile: (210) 822-2299  with a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to: Wiley, Rein and Fielding  1776 K Street, N.W. 
Washington, D.C. 20006  Attention: Richard J. Bodorff, Esq.  Facsimile:
(202) 719-7049  if to Buyer: Infinity Broadcasting Corporation  40 West
57th Street  14th Floor  New York, NY 10019  Attention: Mr. Farid Suleman 
Fax: (212) 314-9336  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Leventhal, Senter and Lerman, P.L.L.C.  2000 K Street, N.W., Suite 600 
Washington, D.C. 20006  Attn: Steven A. Lerman, Esq.  Fax: (202)
293-7783   Stephen A. Hildebrandt, Esq.  Infinity Broadcasting
Corporation  10220 River Road, Suite 305  Potomac, MD 20854  Fax:
301-983-6439       -22-  23   17.8. Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an
original and all of which together will constitute one and the same
instrument.   17.9. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing herein expressed
or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any
person or entity other than the parties hereto and their successors or
permitted assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, no third party rights are created
by the provisions of Section 10.4 or Article 15.   17.10. Severability. The
parties agree that if one or more provisions contained in this Agreement
shall be deemed or held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
respect under any applicable law, this Agreement shall be construed with the
invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision deleted, and the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein
shall not be affected or impaired thereby.   17.11. Entire Agreement. This
Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
hereto and supersedes any and all prior agreements, arrangements and
understandings relating to the matters provided for herein. This Agreement
does not supersede any confidentiality agreement relating to the Stations
other than any non-solicitation provision contained therein.    [SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]     -23-  24  SIGNATURE PAGE TO ASSET PURCHASE
AGREEMENT   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as
of the date first set forth above.   BUYER: CBS RADIO, INC.   By: 
--------------------------------  Name:  Title:  SELLER:   CLEAR
CHANNEL BROADCASTING, INC. AMFM SAN DIEGO, INC. CLEAR CHANNEL BROADCASTING 
LICENSES, INC. By:  -------------------------------- By: Name: 
-------------------------------- Title:  Name:  Title:  CAPSTAR TX LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP AMFM HOUSTON, INC.   By: By:  --------------------------------
--------------------------------  Name: Name:  Title: Title:   AMFM OHIO,
INC. AMFM RADIO LICENSES, LLC  By: By:  --------------------------------
--------------------------------  Name: Name:  Title: Title:   CLEVELAND
RADIO LICENSES LLC ZEBRA BROADCASTING CORPORATION  By: By: 
-------------------------------- --------------------------------  Name:
Name:  Title: Title:     25   SIGNATURE PAGE TO ASSET PURCHASE
AGREEMENT   (CONTINUED)   SELLER: CAPSTAR RADIO OPERATING COMPANY   
By:  --------------------------------  Name:  Title:    
26  Schedules  1.1(a) - FCC Licenses  1.1(b) - Tangible Personal
Property  1.1(c) - Station Contracts  1.1(d) - Intangible
Property  1.1(f) - Real Property  1.2(h) - Excluded Assets  Exhibit  A
- Form of Lease    '

