 ASSET EXCHANGE AGREEMENT    1  EXHIBIT
10.7   ASSET EXCHANGE AGREEMENT   THIS ASSET EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is made as of March 5, 2000, among the company or companies
designated as Clear Channel on the signature page hereto (collectively,
"Clear Channel") and the company or companies designated as Exchange Party on
the signature page hereto (collectively, "Exchange Party").   Recitals  
A. Clear Channel owns and operates the following radio broadcast
stations (collectively, the "Clear Channel Stations") pursuant to certain
authorizations issued by the Federal Communications Commission (the
"FCC"):   WNCE-FM, Palmyra, Pennsylvania  WNNK-FM, Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania  WTCY(AM), Harrisburg, Pennsylvania  WTPA(FM), Mechanicsburg,
Pennsylvania   KMJJ-FM, Shreveport, Louisiana  KRMD(AM), Shreveport,
Louisiana  KRMD-FM, Shreveport, Louisiana   B. Exchange Party owns and
operates the following radio broadcast stations (collectively, the "Exchange
Party Stations") pursuant to certain authorizations issued by the FCC:  
WUSY(FM), Cleveland, Tennessee WLOV-FM,  South Pittsburg, Tennessee WKXJ(FM),
Signal  Mountain, Tennessee WKXJ-FM1, Chattanooga,  Tennessee WRXR-FM
(formerly WLMX-FM),  Rossville, Georgia WUUS(AM) (formerly  WLMX),
Rossville, Georgia   C. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, the parties desire to exchange the Clear Channel Station Assets
(defined below) and the Exchange Party Station Assets (defined below). The
parties intend the transaction contemplated by this Agreement to be a like-
kind exchange in accordance with the provisions of Section 1031 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").   D. Clear Channel
Communications, Inc. (Clear Channel\'s parent), CCU Merger Sub, Inc. and AMFM
Inc. are parties to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 2, 1999
(the "AMFM Agreement").    2   Agreement   NOW, THEREFORE, taking the
foregoing into account, and in consideration of the mutual covenants and
agreements set forth herein, the parties, intending to be legally bound,
hereby agree as follows:  ARTICLE 1: EXCHANGE OF ASSETS   1.1. Clear
Channel Station Assets. On the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, on
the Closing Date (defined below), Clear Channel shall assign, transfer,
convey and deliver to Exchange Party, and Exchange Party shall acquire from
Clear Channel, all of the right, title and interest of Clear Channel in and
to all of the assets, properties, interests and rights of Clear Channel of
whatsoever kind and nature, real and personal, tangible and intangible, which
are used exclusively in the operation of the Clear Channel Stations and
specifically described in this Section 1.1, but excluding the Clear Channel
Excluded Assets as hereafter defined (the "Clear Channel
Station Assets"):   (a) all licenses, permits and other authorizations
which are issued to Clear Channel by the FCC with respect to the Clear
Channel Stations (the "Clear Channel FCC Licenses") and described on Schedule
1.1(a), including any renewals or modifications thereof between the date
hereof and Closing;   (b) all equipment, electrical devices, antennae,
cables, tools, hardware, office furniture and fixtures, office materials and
supplies, inventory, motor vehicles, spare parts and other tangible personal
property of every kind and description which are used exclusively in the
operation of the Clear Channel Stations and listed on Schedule 1.1(b), except
any retirements or dispositions thereof made between the date hereof and
Closing in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices
of Clear Channel (the "Clear Channel Tangible Personal Property");   (c)
all Clear Channel Time Sales Agreements and Clear Channel Trade Agreements
(both defined in Section 2.3), Clear Channel Real Property Leases (defined in
Section 6.7), and other contracts, agreements, and leases which are used in
the operation of the Clear Channel Stations and listed on Schedule 1.1(c),
together with all contracts, agreements, and leases made between the date
hereof and Closing in the ordinary course of business that are used in
the operation of the Clear Channel Stations (the "Clear Channel Station
Contracts");   (d) all of Clear Channel\'s rights in and to the Clear
Channel Stations\' call letters and Clear Channel\'s rights in and to the
trademarks, trade names, domain names, domain name registrations, service
marks, franchises, copyrights, computer software, programs and programming
material, jingles, slogans, logos, and other intangible property which are
used exclusively in the operation of the Clear Channel Stations and listed on
Schedule 1.1(d) (the "Clear Channel Intangible Property");     -2- 
3   (e) Clear Channel\'s rights in and to all the files, documents,
records, and books of account (or copies thereof) relating exclusively to the
operation of the Clear Channel Stations, including the Clear Channel
Stations\' local public files, programming information and studies,
blueprints, technical information and engineering data, advertising studies,
marketing and demographic data, sales correspondence, lists of advertisers,
credit and sales reports, and logs, but excluding records relating to the
Clear Channel Excluded Assets (defined below); and   (f) any real property
which is used exclusively in the operation of the Clear Channel Stations
(including any of Clear Channel\'s appurtenant easements and improvements
located thereon) and described on Schedule 1.1(f) (the "Clear Channel Real
Property").   The Clear Channel Station Assets shall be transferred to
Exchange Party free and clear of liens, claims and encumbrances ("Liens")
except for (i) Exchange Party Assumed Obligations (defined below), (ii) liens
for taxes not yet due and payable and for which Exchange Party receives a
credit pursuant to Section 3.3, (iii) such liens, easements, rights of way,
building and use restrictions, exceptions, reservations and limitations that
do not in any material respect detract from the value of the property subject
thereto or impair the use thereof in the ordinary course of the business of
the Clear Channel Stations, and (iv) any items listed on Schedule 1.1(b)
(collectively, "Clear Channel Permitted Liens").   1.2. Clear Channel
Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the Clear Channel Station Assets shall not include the following assets along
with all rights, title and interest therein (the "Clear Channel Excluded
Assets"):   (a) all cash and cash equivalents of Clear Channel, including
without limitation certificates of deposit, commercial paper, treasury bills,
marketable securities, asset or money market accounts and all such similar
accounts or investments;   (b) all accounts receivable or notes receivable
arising in the operation of the Clear Channel Stations prior to Closing;  
(c) all tangible and intangible personal property of Clear Channel disposed
of or consumed in the ordinary course of business of Clear Channel between
the date of this Agreement and Closing;   (d) all Clear Channel Station
Contracts that terminate or expire prior to Closing in the ordinary course of
business of Clear Channel;   (e) Clear Channel\'s name, corporate minute
books, charter documents, corporate stock record books and such other books
and records as pertain to the organization, existence or share capitalization
of Clear Channel, duplicate copies of the records of the Clear Channel
Stations, and all records not relating exclusively to the operation of the
Clear Channel Stations;   -3-  4   (f) contracts of insurance, and all
insurance proceeds or claims made thereunder;   (g) all pension, profit
sharing or cash or deferred (Section 401(k)) plans and trusts and the assets
thereof and any other employee benefit plan or arrangement and the assets
thereof, if any, maintained by Clear Channel; and   (h) all rights,
properties and assets described on Schedule 1.2(h), and all rights,
properties and assets not specifically described in Section 1.1.   1.3.
Exchange Party Station Assets. On the terms and subject to the conditions
hereof, on the Closing Date (defined below), Exchange Party shall assign,
transfer, convey and deliver to Clear Channel, and Clear Channel
shall acquire from Exchange Party, all of the right, title and interest of
Exchange Party in and to all of the assets, properties, interests and rights
of Exchange Party of whatsoever kind and nature, real and personal, tangible
and intangible, which are used exclusively in the operation of the Exchange
Party Stations and specifically described in this Section 1.3, but excluding
the Exchange Party Excluded Assets as hereafter defined (the "Exchange Party
Station Assets"):   (a) all licenses, permits and other authorizations which
are issued to Exchange Party by the FCC with respect to the Exchange Party
Stations (the "Exchange Party FCC Licenses") and described on Schedule
1.3(a), including any renewals or modifications thereof between the date
hereof and Closing;   (b) all equipment, electrical devices, antennae,
cables, tools, hardware, office furniture and fixtures, office materials and
supplies, inventory, motor vehicles, spare parts and other tangible personal
property of every kind and description which are used exclusively in the
operation of the Exchange Party Stations and listed on Schedule 1.3(b),
except any retirements or dispositions thereof made between the date hereof
and Closing in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
practices of Exchange Party (the "Exchange Party Tangible Personal
Property");   (c) all Exchange Party Time Sales Agreements and Exchange
Party Trade Agreements (both defined in Section 2.1), Exchange Party Real
Property Leases (defined in Section 7.7), and other contracts, agreements,
and leases which are used in the operation of the Exchange Party Stations and
listed on Schedule 1.3(c), together with all contracts, agreements, and
leases made between the date hereof and Closing in the ordinary course of
business that are used in the operation of the Exchange Party Stations (the
"Exchange Party Station Contracts");   (d) all of Exchange Party\'s rights
in and to the Exchange Party Stations\' call letters and Exchange Party\'s
rights in and to the trademarks, trade names, domain names, domain name
registrations, service marks, franchises, copyrights, computer software,
programs and programming material, jingles, slogans, logos, and other
intangible property     -4-  5 which are used exclusively in the
operation of the Exchange Party Stations and listed on Schedule 1.3(d) (the
"Exchange Party Intangible Property");   (e) Exchange Party\'s rights in and
to all the files, documents, records, and books of account (or copies
thereof) relating exclusively to the operation of the Exchange Party
Stations, including the Exchange Party Stations\' local public files,
programming information and studies, blueprints, technical information and
engineering data, advertising studies, marketing and demographic data, sales
correspondence, lists of advertisers, credit and sales reports, and logs, but
excluding records relating to the Exchange Party Excluded Assets (defined
below); and   (f) any real property which is used exclusively in the
operation of the Exchange Party Stations (including any of Exchange Party\'s
appurtenant easements and improvements located thereon) and described on
Schedule 1.3(f) (the "Exchange Party Real Property").   The Exchange Party
Station Assets shall be transferred to Clear Channel free and clear of Liens
except for (i) Clear Channel Assumed Obligations (defined below), (ii) liens
for taxes not yet due and payable and for which Clear Channel receives a
credit pursuant to Section 3.3, (iii) such liens, easements, rights of way,
building and use restrictions, exceptions, reservations and limitations that
do not in any material respect detract from the value of the property subject
thereto or impair the use thereof in the ordinary course of the business of
the Exchange Party Stations, and (iv) any items listed on Schedule 1.3(b)
(collectively, "Exchange Party Permitted Liens").   1.4. Exchange Party
Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the Exchange Party Station Assets shall not include the following assets
along with all rights, title and interest therein (the "Exchange Party
Excluded Assets"):   (a) all cash and cash equivalents of Exchange Party,
including without limitation certificates of deposit, commercial paper,
treasury bills, marketable securities, asset or money market accounts and all
such similar accounts or investments;   (b) all accounts receivable or
notes receivable arising in the operation of the Exchange Party Stations
prior to Closing;   (c) all tangible and intangible personal property of
Exchange Party disposed of or consumed in the ordinary course of business of
Exchange Party between the date of this Agreement and Closing;   (d) all
Exchange Party Station Contracts that terminate or expire prior to Closing in
the ordinary course of business of Exchange Party;   (e) Exchange Party\'s
name, corporate minute books, charter documents, corporate stock record books
and such other books and records as pertain to the organization,    
-5-  6  existence or share capitalization of Exchange Party, duplicate
copies of the records of the Exchange Party Stations, and all records not
relating exclusively to the operation of the Exchange Party Stations;   (f)
contracts of insurance, and all insurance proceeds or claims
made thereunder;   (g) all pension, profit sharing or cash or deferred
(Section 401(k)) plans and trusts and the assets thereof and any other
employee benefit plan or arrangement and the assets thereof, if any,
maintained by Exchange Party; and   (h) any rights, properties or assets
described on Schedule 1.4(h), and all rights, properties and assets not
specifically described in Section 1.3.   1.5. Lease Agreements. At Closing,
Clear Channel and the Exchange Party shall enter into the lease agreements
described on Schedule 1.2(h) pursuant to leases in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto (for each tower space lease), Exhibit B-1 attached hereto
(for any single tenant studio lease) and Exhibit B-2 attached hereto (for any
multi-tenant studio lease).  ARTICLE 2: ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS   2.1.
Clear Channel Assumed Obligations. On the Closing Date, Clear Channel shall
assume the obligations of Exchange Party (the "Clear Channel
Assumed Obligations") arising after Closing under the Exchange Party Station
Contracts, including without limitation all agreements for the sale of
advertising time on the Exchange Party Stations for cash in the ordinary
course of business ("Exchange Party Time Sales Agreements") and all
agreements for the sale of advertising time on the Exchange Party Stations
for non-cash consideration ("Exchange Party Trade Agreements").   2.2.
Exchange Party Retained Obligations. Clear Channel does not assume or agree
to discharge or perform and will not be deemed by reason of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or any agreement, instrument or document delivered
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or otherwise by reason of
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, to have assumed or
to have agreed to discharge or perform, any liabilities, obligations or
commitments of Exchange Party of any nature whatsoever whether
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise and whether or not disclosed to
Clear Channel, other than the Clear Channel Assumed Obligations (the
"Exchange Party Retained Obligations").   2.3. Exchange Party Assumed
Obligations. On the Closing Date, Exchange Party shall assume the obligations
of Clear Channel (the "Exchange Party Assumed Obligations") arising after
Closing under the Clear Channel Station Contracts, including without
limitation all agreements for the sale of advertising time on the Clear
Channel Stations for cash in the ordinary course of business ("Clear Channel
Time Sales Agreements") and all agreements for     -6-  7  the sale of
advertising time on the Clear Channel Stations for non-cash consideration
("Clear Channel Trade Agreements").   2.4. Clear Channel Retained
Obligations. Exchange Party does not assume or agree to discharge or perform
and will not be deemed by reason of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or any agreement, instrument or document delivered pursuant to or
in connection with this Agreement or otherwise by reason of the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, to have assumed or to have agreed to
discharge or perform, any liabilities, obligations or commitments of Clear
Channel of any nature whatsoever whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise and whether or not disclosed to Exchange Party, other than the
Exchange Party Assumed Obligations (the "Clear Channel Retained
Obligations").  ARTICLE 3: CASH PAYMENT   3.1. Cash Payment. The parties
agree that the aggregate value of the Clear Channel Station Assets exceeds
the aggregate value of the Exchange Party Station Assets by an amount equal
to One Hundred Five Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($105,500,000) (the
"Cash Amount"). Exchange Party shall at Closing (defined below) deliver to
Clear Channel by wire transfer of immediately available funds the Cash
Amount, subject to adjustment pursuant to Sections 3.3 (the "Cash
Payment").   3.2. Deposit. Within three (3) business days of the date of
this Agreement (with no Cure Period (defined below)), Exchange Party shall
deposit an amount equal to 10% of the Cash Amount (the "Deposit") with Bank
of America (the "Escrow Agent") pursuant to the Escrow Agreement (the "Escrow
Agreement") of even date herewith among Clear Channel, Exchange Party and the
Escrow Agent. At Closing, the Deposit shall be applied to the Cash Payment
and any interest accrued thereon shall be disbursed to Exchange Party (if in
cash) or returned to Exchange Party (if a letter of credit). If this
Agreement is terminated by Clear Channel due to Exchange Party\'s failure to
consummate the Closing on the Closing Date in accordance with this Agreement
or if this Agreement is otherwise terminated by Clear Channel pursuant to
Section 16.1(b), the Deposit and any interest accrued thereon shall be
disbursed to Clear Channel as partial payment of liquidated damages pursuant
to Section 16.3. If this Agreement is terminated for any other reason, the
Deposit and any interest accrued thereon shall be disbursed to Exchange
Party. Exchange Party may make the Deposit by delivering to the Escrow Agent
(as beneficiary) a letter of credit (the "L/C") issued by Bank of Nova Scotia
(the "Issuing Bank") in the stated amount of 10% of the Purchase Price,
without draw conditions and with an expiry date of not less than 6 months
(and otherwise in a form reasonably satisfactory to Seller). If the Deposit
is to be disbursed to Clear Channel as provided in this Agreement, then the
Escrow Agent shall present the L/C to the Issuing Bank and draw the
entire stated amount and such proceeds shall be disbursed to Clear Channel.
If the L/C is not extended prior to the date one month before its expiry
date, then the Escrow Agent shall present the L/C to the Issuing Bank and
draw the entire stated amount and such proceeds shall be held by the Escrow
Agent as a cash deposit.     -7-  8   3.3. Prorations and Adjustments.
Except as otherwise provided herein, all deposits, reserves and prepaid and
deferred income and expenses arising from the conduct of the business and
operations of the Clear Channel Stations and Exchange Party Stations shall be
prorated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as of
11:59 p.m. on the date immediately preceding the Closing Date. Such
prorations shall include, without limitation, all ad valorem, real estate and
other property taxes (but excluding transfer taxes which shall be paid as set
forth in Section 13.1), business and license fees, music and other license
fees (including any retroactive adjustments thereof), utility expenses,
amounts due or to become due under contracts, rents, lease payments and
similar prepaid and deferred items. Real estate taxes shall be apportioned on
the basis of taxes assessed for the preceding year, with a
reapportionment, if any, as soon as the new tax rate and valuation can be
ascertained. Except as otherwise provided herein, the prorations and
adjustments contemplated by this Section 3.3, to the extent practicable,
shall be made on the Closing Date. As to those prorations and adjustments not
capable of being ascertained on the Closing Date, an adjustment and proration
shall be made within ninety (90) calendar days of the Closing Date. In the
event of any disputes between the parties as to such adjustments, the amounts
not in dispute shall nonetheless be paid at the time provided herein and such
disputes shall be determined by an independent certified public accountant
mutually acceptable to the parties, and the fees and expenses of such
accountant shall be paid one-half by Clear Channel and one-half by Exchange
Party.   3.4. Allocation.   (a) The values of the assets comprising the
Clear Channel Station Assets and the Exchange Party Station Assets shall be
determined by an appraisal (the "Appraisal") prepared by Bond and Pecaro (whose
fees shall be paid one-half by Clear Channel and one-half by Exchange Party).
Prior to Closing, Clear Channel shall prepare and provide to Exchange Party
schedules which, for each party to this Agreement, show the respective Clear
Channel Station Assets and Exchange Party Station Assets to be conveyed and
acquired and Cash Payment to be made and received at Closing under this
Agreement.   (b) Before or after Closing, Clear Channel shall prepare
schedules (the "Exchange Group Schedules") which (i) divide the Exchange
Party Station Assets and the Clear Channel Station Assets into both "exchange
groups" (in accordance with the like-kind exchange rules covering exchanges
of multiple properties under Treas. Reg. Section 1.1031(j)-1) and residual
groups and (ii) set forth the total value of the assets making up each such
exchange group and residual group (based upon the Appraisal). For tax
purposes, the parties shall report the exchange of assets under this
Agreement consistently with the Exchange Group Schedules and the Appraisal,
including without limitation filing when due IRS Form 8594 and (if
applicable) IRS Form 8824 on the basis of the Exchange Group Schedules and
the Appraisal.     -8-  9  ARTICLE 4: CLOSING   4.1. Closing. The
consummation of the exchange of assets under this Agreement (the "Closing")
shall occur on a date (the "Closing Date") and at a time and place designated
solely by Clear Channel after FCC Consent (defined below), subject to
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Closing contained herein (other
than those to be satisfied at Closing). If requested by Clear Channel, prior
to Closing the parties shall hold a pre-closing conference at a time and
place designated by Clear Channel, at which the parties shall provide (for
review only) all documents to be delivered at Closing under this
Agreement, each duly executed but undated, and otherwise confirm their
ability to timely consummate the Closing.  ARTICLE 5: GOVERNMENTAL
CONSENTS   Closing is subject to and conditioned upon (i) prior FCC consent
(the "FCC Consent") to the assignment of the Clear Channel FCC Licenses to
Exchange Party and the Exchange Party FCC Licenses to Clear Channel, (ii)
United States Department of Justice ("DOJ") prior approval (the "DOJ
Consent") of the transactions contemplated hereby, including without
limitation any such approval as may be necessary to enable Clear Channel to
consummate the merger under the AMFM Agreement, and (iii) expiration or
termination of any applicable waiting period ("HSR Clearance") under the HSR
Act (defined below).   5.1. FCC. On a date designated by Clear Channel,
Clear Channel and Exchange Party shall file applications with the FCC (the
"FCC Application") requesting the FCC Consent. Clear Channel and Exchange
Party shall diligently prosecute the FCC Application and otherwise use their
best efforts to obtain the FCC Consent as soon as possible. If the FCC
Consent imposes upon Exchange Party any condition (including without
limitation in any divestiture condition), Exchange Party shall timely comply
therewith.   5.2. HSR. If not previously filed, then within five (5)
business days after the execution of this Agreement, Clear Channel and
Exchange Party shall make any required filings with the Federal Trade
Commission and the DOJ pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby (including a request for early termination
of the waiting period thereunder), and shall thereafter promptly respond to
all requests received from such agencies for additional information or
documentation.   5.3. General. Clear Channel and Exchange Party shall notify
each other of all documents filed with or received from any governmental
agency with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. Clear Channel and Exchange Party shall furnish each other with such
information and assistance as such the other may reasonably request in
connection with their preparation of any governmental filing hereunder. If
Exchange Party becomes aware of any fact relating to it which would prevent
or delay the FCC Consent, the DOJ Consent or HSR Clearance, Exchange Party
shall promptly notify Clear Channel thereof and take such steps as necessary
to remove such impediment, including      -9-  10  but not limited to
divesting any stations and terminating any agreements to acquire or program
or market any stations.  ARTICLE 6: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CLEAR
CHANNEL   Clear Channel makes the following representations and warranties
to Exchange Party:   6.1. Organization. Clear Channel is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its organization, and is qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in
which the Clear Channel Station Assets and the Exchange Party Station Assets
are located. Clear Channel has the requisite power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and all of the other agreements and instruments to
be executed and delivered by Clear Channel pursuant hereto (collectively, the
"Clear Channel Ancillary Agreements"), to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and to comply with the terms, conditions and
provisions hereof and thereof.   6.2. Authorization. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the Clear Channel Ancillary Agreements
by Clear Channel have been duly authorized and approved by all necessary
action of Clear Channel and do not require any further authorization or
consent of Clear Channel. This Agreement is, and each Clear Channel Ancillary
Agreement when executed and delivered by Clear Channel and the other parties
thereto will be, a legal, valid and binding agreement of Clear Channel
enforceable in accordance with its respective terms, except in each case as
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting or limiting the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and except as such enforceability is subject to
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   6.3. No Conflicts.
Neither the execution and delivery by Clear Channel of this Agreement and the
Clear Channel Ancillary Agreements or the consummation by Clear Channel of
any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby nor compliance by
Clear Channel with or fulfillment by Clear Channel of the terms, conditions
and provisions hereof or thereof will: (i) conflict with any organizational
documents of Clear Channel or any law, judgment, order, or decree to which
Clear Channel is subject or, except as set forth on Schedule 1.1(c), any
Clear Channel Station Contract; or (ii) require the approval,
consent, authorization or act of, or the making by Clear Channel of any
declaration, filing or registration with, any third party or any foreign,
federal, state or local court, governmental or regulatory authority or body,
except the FCC Consent and DOJ Consent, and, if applicable, HSR
Clearance.   6.4. FCC Licenses. Clear Channel (or one of the companies
comprising Clear Channel) is the holder of the Clear Channel FCC Licenses
described on Schedule 1.1(a). The Clear Channel FCC Licenses are in full
force and effect and have not been revoked, suspended, canceled, rescinded or
terminated and have not expired. There is not pending any action by or before
the FCC to revoke, suspend, cancel, rescind or materially adversely     
-10-  11  modify any of the Clear Channel FCC Licenses (other than
proceedings to amend FCC rules of general applicability), and there is not
now issued or outstanding, by or before the FCC, any order to show cause,
notice of violation, notice of apparent liability, or notice of forfeiture
against Clear Channel with respect to the Clear Channel Stations. The Clear
Channel Stations are operating in compliance in all material respects with
the Clear Channel FCC Licenses, the Communications Act of 1934, as amended
(the "Communications Act"), and the rules, regulations and policies of the
FCC.   6.5. Taxes. Clear Channel has, in respect of the Clear Channel
Stations\' business, filed all foreign, federal, state, county and local
income, excise, property, sales, use, franchise and other tax returns and
reports which are required to have been filed by it under applicable law and
has paid all taxes which have become due pursuant to such returns or pursuant
to any assessments which have become payable.   6.6. Personal Property.
Schedule 1.1(b) contains a list of all material items of Clear Channel
Tangible Personal Property included in the Clear Channel Station Assets.
Clear Channel has title to the Clear Channel Tangible Personal Property free
and clear of Liens other than Clear Channel Permitted Liens.   6.7. Real
Property. Schedule 1.1(f) contains a description of all Clear Channel Real
Property included in the Clear Channel Station Assets. Clear Channel has fee
simple title to the owned Clear Channel Real Property ("Clear Channel Owned
Real Property") free and clear of Liens other than Clear Channel Permitted
Liens. Schedule 1.1(f) includes a description of each real property lease or
similar agreement included in the Clear Channel Station Assets (the "Clear
Channel Real Property Leases"). The Clear Channel Owned Real
Property includes, and the Clear Channel Real Property Leases provide, access
to the Clear Channel Stations\' facilities. To Clear Channel\'s knowledge,
the Clear Channel Real Property is not subject to any suit for condemnation
or other taking by any public authority.   6.8. Contracts. Each of the
Clear Channel Station Contracts (including without limitation each of the
Clear Channel Real Property Leases) is in effect and is binding upon Clear
Channel and, to Clear Channel\'s knowledge, the other parties thereto
(subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally).
Clear Channel has performed its obligations under each of the Clear Channel
Station Contracts in all material respects, and is not in material default
thereunder, and to Clear Channel\'s knowledge, no other party to any of the
Clear Channel Station Contracts is in default thereunder in any
material respect.   6.9. Environmental. Except as set forth in any
environmental report delivered by Clear Channel to Exchange Party prior to
the date of this Agreement and except as set forth on Schedule 1.1(f), to
Clear Channel\'s knowledge, no hazardous or toxic substance or waste
regulated under any applicable environmental, health or safety law has been
generated, stored, transported or released on, in, from or to the Clear
Channel Real Property included in the Clear Channel Station Assets. Except as
set forth in any environmental report delivered by Clear Channel to Exchange
Party prior to the date of this Agreement and except as set forth on    
-11-  12  Schedule 1.1(f), to Clear Channel\'s knowledge, Clear Channel has
complied in all material respects with all environmental, health and safety
laws applicable to the Clear Channel Stations.   6.10. Intangible Property.
Schedule 1.1(d) contains a description of the material Clear Channel
Intangible Property included in the Clear Channel Station Assets. Except as
set forth on Schedule 1.1(d), Clear Channel has received no notice of any
claim that its use of the Clear Channel Intangible Property infringes upon
any third party rights. . Except as set forth on Schedule 1.1(d), Clear
Channel owns or has the right to use the Clear Channel Intangible
Property free and clear of Liens other than Clear Channel Permitted
Liens.   6.11. Compliance with Law. Clear Channel has complied in all
material respects with all laws, regulations, rules, writs, injunctions,
ordinances, franchises, decrees or orders of any court or of any foreign,
federal, state, municipal or other governmental authority which are
applicable to the operation of the Clear Channel Stations. There is no
action, suit or proceeding pending or threatened against Clear Channel in
respect of the Clear Channel Stations that will subject Exchange Party to
liability or which questions the legality or propriety of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. To Clear Channel\'s knowledge, there are no
governmental claims or investigations pending or threatened against Clear
Channel in respect of the Clear Channel Stations (except those affecting the
industry generally).   6.12. No Finder. No broker, finder or other person is
entitled to a commission, brokerage fee or other similar payment in
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as a
result of any agreement or action of Clear Channel or any party acting on
Clear Channel\'s behalf.   6.13. Qualification. Clear Channel is legally,
financially and otherwise qualified to be the licensee of, acquire, own and
operate the Exchange Party Stations under the Communications Act and the
rules, regulations and policies of the FCC. There are no facts that would,
under existing law and the existing rules, regulations, policies and
procedures of the FCC, disqualify Clear Channel as an assignee of the
Exchange Party FCC Licenses or as the owner and operator of the Exchange
Party Stations. No request by Clear Channel for waiver of any FCC rule or
policy is necessary for the FCC Consent to be obtained. There is no action,
suit or proceeding pending or threatened against Clear Channel which could
materially adversely affect Clear Channel\'s ability to perform
its obligations hereunder.  ARTICLE 7: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
EXCHANGE PARTY   Exchange Party makes the following representations and
warranties to Clear Channel:   7.1. Organization. Exchange Party is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization, and is qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the Exchange Party Station Assets and the Clear Channel
Station Assets are located. Exchange Party has the requisite power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all of the other
agreements and instruments to be executed and      -12-  13  delivered
by Exchange Party pursuant hereto (collectively, the "Exchange
Party Ancillary Agreements"), to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby and to comply with the terms, conditions and provisions
hereof and thereof.   7.2. Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the Exchange Party Ancillary Agreements by
Exchange Party have been duly authorized and approved by all necessary action
of Exchange Party and do not require any further authorization or consent of
Exchange Party. This Agreement is, and each Exchange Party Ancillary
Agreement when executed and delivered by Exchange Party and the other parties
thereto will be, a legal, valid and binding agreement of Exchange Party
enforceable in accordance with its respective terms, except in each case as
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting or limiting the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and except as such enforceability is subject to
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   7.3. No Conflicts.
Neither the execution and delivery by Exchange Party of this Agreement and
the Exchange Party Ancillary Agreements or the consummation by Exchange Party
of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby nor compliance by
Exchange Party with or fulfillment by Exchange Party of the terms, conditions
and provisions hereof or thereof will: (i) conflict with any organizational
documents of Exchange Party or any law, judgment, order, or decree to which
Exchange Party is subject or, except as set forth on Schedule 1.3(c), any
Exchange Party Station Contract; or (ii) require the approval, consent,
authorization or act of, or the making by Exchange Party of any declaration,
filing or registration with, any third party or any foreign, federal, state
or local court, governmental or regulatory authority or body, except the FCC
Consent and DOJ Consent and, if applicable, HSR Clearance.   7.4. FCC
Licenses. Exchange Party is the holder of the Exchange Party FCC Licenses
described on Schedule 1.3(a). The Exchange Party FCC Licenses are in full
force and effect and have not been revoked, suspended, canceled, rescinded or
terminated and have not expired. There is not pending any action by or
before the FCC to revoke, suspend, cancel, rescind or materially adversely
modify any of the Exchange Party FCC Licenses (other than proceedings to
amend FCC rules of general applicability), and there is not now issued or
outstanding, by or before the FCC, any order to show cause, notice of
violation, notice of apparent liability, or notice of forfeiture against
Exchange Party with respect to the Exchange Party Stations. The Exchange
Party Stations are operating in compliance in all material respects with the
Exchange Party FCC Licenses, the Communications Act, and the rules,
regulations and policies of the FCC.   7.5. Taxes. Exchange Party has, in
respect of the Exchange Party Stations\' business, filed all foreign,
federal, state, county and local income, excise, property, sales, use,
franchise and other tax returns and reports which are required to have been
filed by it under applicable law and has paid all taxes which have become due
pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessments which have become
payable.     -13-  14   7.6. Personal Property. Schedule 1.3(b)
contains a list of all material items of Exchange Party Tangible Personal
Property included in the Exchange Party Station Assets. Exchange Party has
title to the Exchange Party Tangible Personal Property free and clear of
Liens other than Exchange Party Permitted Liens.   7.7. Real Property.
Schedule 1.3(f) contains a description of all Exchange Party Real Property
included in the Exchange Party Station Assets. Exchange Party has fee simple
title to the owned Exchange Party Real Property ("Exchange Party Owned Real
Property") free and clear of Liens other than Exchange Party Permitted Liens.
Schedule 1.3(f) includes a description of each real property lease or similar
agreement included in the Exchange Party Station Assets (the "Exchange Party
Real Property Leases"). The Exchange Party Owned Real Property includes, and
the Exchange Party Real Property Leases provide, access to the Exchange Party
Stations\' facilities. To Exchange Party\'s knowledge, the Exchange Party
Real Property is not subject to any suit for condemnation or other taking by
any public authority.   7.8. Contracts. Each of the Exchange Party Station
Contracts (including without limitation each of the Exchange Party Real
Property Leases) is in effect and is binding upon Exchange Party and, to
Exchange Party\'s knowledge, the other parties thereto (subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or
affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally). Exchange Party
has performed its obligations under each of the Exchange Party Station
Contracts in all material respects, and is not in material default
thereunder, and to Exchange Party\'s knowledge, no other party to any of the
Exchange Party Station Contracts is in default thereunder in any material
respect.   7.9. Environmental. Except as set forth in any environmental
report delivered by Exchange Party to Clear Channel prior to the date of this
Agreement and except as set forth on Schedule 1.3(f), to Exchange Party\'s
knowledge, no hazardous or toxic substance or waste regulated under any
applicable environmental, health or safety law has been generated, stored,
transported or released on, in, from or to the Exchange Party Real Property
included in the Exchange Party Station Assets. Except as set forth in any
environmental report delivered by Exchange Party to Clear Channel prior to
the date of this Agreement and except as set forth on Schedule 1.3(f), to
Exchange Party\'s knowledge, Exchange Party has complied in all material
respects with all environmental, health and safety laws applicable to the
Exchange Party Stations.   7.10. Intangible Property. Schedule 1.3(d)
contains a description of the material Exchange Party Intangible Property
included in the Exchange Party Station Assets. Except as set forth on
Schedule 1.3(d), Exchange Party has received no notice of any claim that its
use of the Exchange Party Intangible Property infringes upon any third party
rights. . Except as set forth on Schedule 1.3(d), Exchange Party owns or has
the right to use the Exchange Party Intangible Property free and clear of
Liens other than Exchange Party Permitted Liens.   7.11. Compliance with
Law. Exchange Party has complied in all material respects with all laws,
regulations, rules, writs, injunctions, ordinances, franchises, decrees or
orders     -14-  15  of any court or of any foreign, federal, state,
municipal or other governmental authority which are applicable to the
operation of the Exchange Party Stations. There is no action, suit or
proceeding pending or threatened against Exchange Party in respect of the
Exchange Party Stations that will subject Clear Channel to liability or which
questions the legality or propriety of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. To Exchange Party `s knowledge, there are no governmental claims
or investigations pending or threatened against Exchange Party in respect of
the Exchange Party Stations (except those affecting the industry
generally).   7.12. No Finder. No broker, finder or other person is entitled
to a commission, brokerage fee or other similar payment in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of any
agreement or action of Exchange Party or any party acting on Exchange Party
`s behalf.   7.13. Qualification. Exchange Party is legally, financially and
otherwise qualified to be the licensee of, acquire, own and operate the Clear
Channel Stations under the Communications Act and the rules, regulations and
policies of the FCC. There are no facts that would, under existing law and
the existing rules, regulations, policies and procedures of the FCC,
disqualify Exchange Party as an assignee of the Clear Channel FCC Licenses or
as the owner and operator of the Clear Channel Stations. No request by
Exchange Party for waiver of any FCC rule or policy is necessary for the FCC
Consent to be obtained. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or
threatened against Exchange Party which could materially adversely affect
Exchange Party\'s ability to perform its obligations hereunder. Exchange
Party has and will have available on the Closing Date sufficient funds to
enable it to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  ARTICLE 8:
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE   8.1. Clear Channel Accounts Receivable. All accounts
receivable arising prior to the Closing Date in connection with the operation
of the Clear Channel Stations, including but not limited to accounts
receivable for advertising revenues for programs and announcements performed
prior to the Closing Date and other broadcast revenues for services performed
prior to the Closing Date, shall remain the property of Clear Channel (the
"Clear Channel Accounts Receivable") and Exchange Party shall not acquire any
right or interest therein. For a period of six months from Closing (the
"Collection Period"), Exchange Party shall collect the Clear Channel Accounts
Receivable in the normal and ordinary course of Exchange Party\'s business
and shall apply all such amounts collected to the debtor\'s oldest account
receivable first. Exchange Party\'s obligation shall not extend to the
institution of litigation, employment of counsel or a collection agency or
any other extraordinary means of collection. During the Collection Period,
neither Clear Channel or its agents shall make any direct solicitation of any
such account debtor for collection purposes or institute litigation for the
collection of amounts due. Any amounts relating to the Clear Channel Accounts
Receivable that are paid directly to Clear Channel shall be retained by Clear
Channel. Within ten calendar days after the end of each month, Exchange Party
shall make a payment to Clear Channel equal to the amount of all collections
of Clear Channel Accounts Receivable during the preceding month. At the end
of     -15-  16  the Collection Period, any remaining Clear Channel
Accounts Receivable shall be returned to Clear Channel for collection.  
8.2. Exchange Party Accounts Receivable. All accounts receivable
arising prior to the Closing Date in connection with the operation of the
Exchange Party Stations, including but not limited to accounts receivable for
advertising revenues for programs and announcements performed prior to the
Closing Date and other broadcast revenues for services performed prior to the
Closing Date, shall remain the property of Exchange Party (the "Exchange
Party Accounts Receivable") and Clear Channel shall not acquire any right or
interest therein. During the Collection Period, Clear Channel shall collect
the Exchange Party Accounts Receivable in the normal and ordinary course of
Clear Channel\'s business and shall apply all such amounts collected to the
debtor\'s oldest account receivable first. Clear Channel\'s obligation shall
not extend to the institution of litigation, employment of counsel or a
collection agency or any other extraordinary means of collection. During the
Collection Period, neither Exchange Party or its agents shall make any direct
solicitation of any such account debtor for collection purposes or institute
litigation for the collection of amounts due. Any amounts relating to the
Exchange Party Accounts Receivable that are paid directly to Exchange Party
shall be retained by Exchange Party. Within ten calendar days after the end
of each month, Clear Channel shall make a payment to Exchange Party equal to
the amount of all collections of Exchange Party Accounts Receivable during
the preceding month. At the end of the Collection Period, any remaining
Exchange Party Accounts Receivable shall be returned to Exchange Party for
collection.  ARTICLE 9: COVENANTS   9.1. Clear Channel\'s Covenants. Clear
Channel covenants and agrees with respect to the Clear Channel Stations that,
between the date hereof and Closing, except as permitted by this Agreement or
with the prior written consent of Exchange Party, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld, Clear Channel shall:   (a) operate the Clear Channel
Stations in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and
in all material respects in accordance with FCC rules and regulations and
with all other applicable laws, regulations, rules and orders;   (b) not,
other than in the ordinary course of business in accordance with past
practice, sell, lease or dispose of or agree to sell, lease or dispose of any
of the Clear Channel Station Assets, or create, assume or permit to exist any
Liens upon the Clear Channel Station Assets, except for Clear
Channel Permitted Liens; and,   (c) furnish Exchange Party with such
information relating to the Clear Channel Station Assets as Exchange Party
may reasonably request, at Exchange Party\'s expense and provided such
request does not interfere unreasonably with the business of the Clear
Channel Stations.     -16-  17   9.2. Exchange Party\'s Covenants.
Exchange Party covenants and agrees with respect to the Exchange Party
Stations that, between the date hereof and Closing, except as permitted by
this Agreement or with the prior written consent of Clear Channel, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld, Exchange Party shall:   (a) operate the
Exchange Party Stations in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and in all material respects in accordance with FCC rules and
regulations and with all other applicable laws, regulations, rules and
orders;   (b) not, other than in the ordinary course of business in
accordance with past practice, sell, lease or dispose of or agree to sell,
lease or dispose of any of the Exchange Party Station Assets, or create,
assume or permit to exist any Liens upon the Exchange Party Station Assets,
except for Exchange Party Permitted Liens; and,   (c) furnish Clear Channel
with such information relating to the Exchange Party Station Assets as Clear
Channel may reasonably request, at Clear Channel\'s expense and provided such
request does not unreasonably with the business of the Exchange Party
Stations.  ARTICLE 10: JOINT COVENANTS   Clear Channel and Exchange Party
hereby covenant and agree that between the date hereof and Closing:   10.1.
Cooperation. Subject to express limitations contained elsewhere herein, each
party (i) shall cooperate fully with one another in taking any reasonable
actions (including without limitation, reasonable actions to obtain the
required consent of any governmental instrumentality or any third
party) necessary or helpful to accomplish the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including but not limited to the prompt satisfaction of any
condition to Closing set forth herein, and (ii) shall not take any action
that conflicts with its obligations hereunder or that causes its
representations and warranties to become untrue in any material respect.  
10.2. Control of Stations. Neither party shall, directly or
indirectly, control, supervise or direct the operations of the other party\'s
stations prior to Closing. Such operations, including complete control and
supervision of all programs, employees and policies, shall be the sole
responsibility of the FCC licensee thereof.   10.3. Consents to Assignment.
The parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any third
party consents necessary for the assignment of any Clear Channel Station
Contract or Exchange Party Station Contract (which shall not require any
payment to any such third party). To the extent that any such contract may
not be assigned without the consent of any third party, and such consent is
not obtained prior to Closing, this Agreement and any assignment executed
pursuant hereto shall not constitute an assignment thereof, but to the extent
permitted by law shall constitute an equitable assignment and assumption of
rights and obligations thereunder, with the conveying party making
available to the acquiring party the      -17-  18  benefits thereof
and the acquiring party performing the obligations thereunder on the
conveying party\'s behalf.   10.4. Employee Matters. Prior to Closing, each
party shall deliver to the other a list of employees of its stations that it
does not intend to retain after Closing. The acquiring party may interview
and elect to hire such listed employees, but not any other employees of the
conveying party. The acquiring party is obligated to hire only those
employees that are under employment contracts (and assume the obligations and
liabilities under such employment contracts) which are included in the Clear
Channel Station Contracts or Exchange Party Station Contracts. With respect
to employees potentially to be hired by the acquiring party, to the extent
permitted by law the conveying party shall provide access to its personnel
records and such other information as may be reasonably requested prior to
Closing. With respect to employees hired by the acquiring party ("Transferred
Employees"), the conveying party shall be responsible for the payment of all
compensation and accrued employee benefits payable by it until Closing and
thereafter the acquiring party shall be responsible for all such obligations
payable by it. The acquiring party shall cause all Transferred Employees to
be eligible to participate in its "employee welfare benefit plans" and
"employee pension benefit plans" (as defined in Sections 3(1) and 3(2) of
ERISA, respectively) in which the acquiring party\'s similarly-situated
employees are generally eligible to participate; provided, however, that all
Transferred Employees and their spouses and dependents shall be eligible for
coverage immediately after Closing (and shall not be excluded from coverage
under any employee welfare benefit plan that is a group health plan on
account of any pre-existing condition) to the extent provided under
such employee welfare benefit plans. For purposes of any length of
service requirements, waiting periods, vesting periods or differential
benefits based on length of service in any such employee welfare benefit
plans for which Transferred Employees may be eligible after Closing, the
acquiring party shall ensure, to the extent permitted by applicable law
(including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code), that service with the
conveying party shall be deemed to have been service with the acquiring
party. No such service credit must be granted with respect to participation
or eligibility in any employee pension benefit plan. In addition, the
acquiring party shall ensure, to the extent permitted by applicable law
(including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code), that Transferred
Employees receive credit under any welfare benefit plan of the acquiring
party for any deductibles or co-payments paid by Transferred Employees and
their spouses and dependents for the current plan year under a plan
maintained by the conveying party. Notwithstanding any other
provision contained herein, the acquiring party shall grant credit for all
unused sick leave accrued by Transferred Employees on the basis of their
service during the current calendar year as employees of the conveying party.
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the acquiring party
shall assume and discharge the conveying party\'s liabilities for the payment
of all unused vacation leave accrued by Transferred Employees on the basis of
their service during the current calendar year as employees of the conveying
party. From and after Closing, Exchange Party shall cooperate with the
reasonable requests of Clear Channel to continue to withhold from the pay
checks of Transferred Employees who have outstanding loan balances in Clear
Channel\'s 401(k) Savings Plan, and Exchange Party shall remit such withheld
amounts to Clear Channel in a timely fashion such that the outstanding loans
do not go into default.     -18-  19   10.5. 1031 Exchange. At or prior
to Closing, Clear Channel may assign its rights under this Agreement (in
whole or in part) to a qualified intermediary (as defined in Treasury
regulation section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4)) or similar entity or arrangement
("Qualified Intermediary"). Upon any such assignment, Clear Channel shall
promptly give written notice thereof to Exchange Party and Exchange Party
shall cooperate with the reasonable requests of Clear Channel and any
Qualified Intermediary in connection therewith. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, if Clear Channel gives notice of such
agreement, Exchange Party shall (i) promptly provide Clear Channel with
written acknowledgment of such notice and (ii) at Closing, convey all or part
of the Exchange Party Station Assets and make all or part of the Cash Payment
(each as designated in writing by the Qualified Intermediary) to or on behalf
of the Qualified Intermediary (which payment and conveyance shall, to the
extent thereof, satisfy the obligation of Exchange Party to make such
conveyance and payment hereunder). Clear Channel\'s assignment to a Qualified
Intermediary will not relieve Clear Channel of any of its duties or
obligations herein. Except for the obligations of Exchange Party set forth in
this Section, Exchange Party shall not have any liability or obligation to
Clear Channel for the failure of such other exchange to qualify as a like
kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Code unless such failure is the
result of the material breach or default by Exchange Party under this
Agreement.   10.6. Trust. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Clear Channel may at it option assign this Agreement (in whole or
part) and assign and transfer the Clear Channel Station Assets (in whole or
in part) to a trustee to hold and operate pursuant to a trust agreement,
provided such trustee assumes Clear Channel\'s duties and obligations
hereunder with respect to the Clear Channel Station Assets held in such
trust.  ARTICLE 11: CONDITIONS OF CLOSING BY CLEAR CHANNEL   The
obligations of Clear Channel hereunder are, at its option, subject
to satisfaction, at or prior to Closing, of each of the following
conditions:   11.1. Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The
representations and warranties of Exchange Party made in this Agreement shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date except
for changes permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement, and the
covenants and agreements to be complied with and performed by Exchange Party
at or prior to Closing shall have been complied with or performed in all
material respects. Clear Channel shall have received a certificate dated as
of the Closing Date from Exchange Party, executed by an authorized officer of
Exchange Party to the effect that the conditions set forth in this Section
have been satisfied.   11.2. Governmental Consents. The FCC Consent and DOJ
Consent, and, if applicable, HSR Clearance, shall have been obtained, and no
court or governmental order prohibiting Closing shall be in effect.    
-19-  20   11.3. AMFM Closing. The closing under the AMFM Agreement shall
have been consummated.  ARTICLE 12: CONDITIONS OF CLOSING BY EXCHANGE
PARTY   The obligations of Exchange Party hereunder are, at its option,
subject to satisfaction, at or prior to Closing, of each of the following
conditions:   12.1. Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The
representations and warranties of Clear Channel made in this Agreement shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date except
for changes permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement, and the
covenants and agreements to be complied with and performed by Clear Channel
at or prior to Closing shall have been complied with or performed in all
material respects. Exchange Party shall have received a certificate dated as
of the Closing Date from Clear Channel, executed by an authorized officer of
Clear Channel, to the effect that the conditions set forth in this Section
have been satisfied.   12.2. Governmental Consents. The FCC Consent and DOJ
Consent, and, if applicable, HSR Clearance, shall have been obtained, and no
court or governmental order prohibiting Closing shall be in
effect.  ARTICLE 13: EXPENSES   13.1. Expenses. Each party shall be solely
responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with the
negotiation, preparation and performance of and compliance with the terms of
this Agreement, except that (i) all recordation, transfer and documentary
taxes, fees and charges, and any excise, sales or use taxes, applicable to
the transfer of the Clear Channel Station Assets and Exchange Party Station
Assets shall be paid by Exchange Party, (ii) all FCC filing fees shall be
paid equally by Clear Channel and Exchange Party, and (iii) all HSR Act
filing fees and expenses shall be paid by Exchange Party.  ARTICLE 14:
DOCUMENTS TO BE DELIVERED AT CLOSING   14.1. Clear Channel\'s Documents. At
Closing, Clear Channel shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Exchange
Party:   (i) certified copies of resolutions authorizing its execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement, including the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby;   (ii) the certificate described in
Section 12.1;   (iii) such bills of sale, assignments, special warranty
deeds, documents of title and other instruments of conveyance, assignment and
transfer as may be necessary to    -20-  21 convey, transfer and assign
the Clear Channel Station Assets to Exchange Party, free and clear of Liens,
except for Clear Channel Permitted Liens; and   (iv) such documents and
instruments of assumption as may be necessary to assume the Clear Channel
Assumed Obligations.   14.2. Exchange Party\'s Documents. At Closing,
Exchange Party shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Clear Channel:  
(i) the certified copies of resolutions authorizing its execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement, including the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby;   (ii) the certificate described in
Section 11.1;   (iii) such bills of sale, assignments, special warranty
deeds, documents of title and other instruments of conveyance, assignment and
transfer as may be necessary to convey, transfer and assign the Exchange
Party Station Assets to Clear Channel, free and clear of Liens, except for
Exchange Party Permitted Liens;   (iv) such documents and instruments of
assumption as may be necessary to assume the Clear Channel Assumed
Obligations; and   (v) the Cash Payment in accordance with Section 3.1
hereof.  ARTICLE 15: SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION.   15.1. Survival. The
covenants, agreements, representations and warranties in this Agreement shall
survive Closing for a period of six (6) months from the Closing Date
whereupon they shall expire and be of no further force or effect, except
those under (i) this Article 15 that relate to Damages (defined below) for
which written notice is given by the indemnified party to the
indemnifying party prior to the expiration, which shall survive until
resolved and (ii) the following provisions (the "Expense Provisions"):
Sections 2.1 and 2.3 (Assumed Obligations), 3.3 (Adjustments), 3.4
(Allocation), 8.1 and 8.2 (Accounts Receivable) and 13.1 (Expenses), and
indemnification obligations with respect to such provisions, which shall
survive until performed.   15.2. Indemnification.   (a) From and after the
Closing, Clear Channel shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Exchange
Party from and against any and all losses, costs, damages, liabilities and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses ("Damages")
incurred by Exchange Party arising out of or resulting from: (i) any breach
or default by Clear Channel under this Agreement; (ii) the Clear Channel
Retained Obligations or the business or operation of the Clear Channel
Stations before Closing; or (iii) the Clear Channel Assumed Obligations or
the business or operation of the Exchange Party Stations after
Closing; provided, however,        -21-  22  that, except for the
Expense Provisions (which shall not be subject to such limitations), (i)
Clear Channel shall have no liability to Exchange Party hereunder until, and
only to the extent that, Exchange Party\'s aggregate Damages exceed $500,000
and (ii) the maximum liability of Clear Channel hereunder shall be
$11,000,000.   (b) From and after the Closing, Exchange Party shall defend,
indemnify and hold harmless Clear Channel from and against any and all
Damages incurred by Clear Channel arising out of or resulting from: (i) any
breach or default by Exchange Party under this Agreement; (ii) the Exchange
Party Retained Obligations or the business or operation of the Exchange Party
Stations before Closing or (iii) the Exchange Party Assumed Obligations or
the business or operation of the Clear Channel Stations after Closing;
provided, however, that, except for the Expense Provisions (which shall not
be subject to such limitations) and the Cash Payment, (i) Exchange Party
shall have no liability to Clear Channel hereunder until, and only to the
extent that, Clear Channel\'s aggregate Damages exceed $500,000 and (ii) the
maximum liability of Exchange Party hereunder shall be $15,000,000.   15.3.
Procedures. The indemnified party shall give prompt written notice to the
indemnifying party of any demand, suit, claim or assertion of liability
by third parties or other circumstances that could give rise to an
indemnification obligation hereunder against the indemnifying party (a
"Claim"), but a failure to give such notice or delaying such notice shall not
affect the indemnified party\'s right to indemnification and the indemnifying
party\'s obligation to indemnify as set forth in this Agreement, except to
the extent the indemnifying party\'s ability to remedy, contest, defend or
settle with respect to such Claim is thereby prejudiced. The obligations and
liabilities of the parties with respect to any Claim shall be subject to the
following additional terms and conditions:   (a) The indemnifying party
shall have the right to undertake, by counsel or other representatives of its
own choosing, the defense or opposition to such Claim.   (b) In the event
that the indemnifying party shall elect not to undertake such defense or
opposition, or, within twenty (20) days after written notice (which shall
include sufficient description of background information explaining the basis
for such Claim) of any such Claim from the indemnified party, the
indemnifying party shall fail to undertake to defend or oppose,
the indemnified party (upon further written notice to the indemnifying party)
shall have the right to undertake the defense, opposition, compromise or
settlement of such Claim, by counsel or other representatives of its own
choosing, on behalf of and for the account and risk of the indemnifying party
(subject to the right of the indemnifying party to assume defense of or
opposition to such Claim at any time prior to settlement, compromise or final
determination thereof).   (c) Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding: (i) the indemnified party shall have the right, at its own
cost and expense, to participate in the defense, opposition, compromise or
settlement of the Claim; (ii) the indemnifying party shall not, without the
indemnified party\'s written consent, settle or compromise any Claim or
consent to entry of any judgment which does not include as an unconditional
term thereof the giving by     -22-  23  the claimant or the plaintiff
to the indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect of such
Claim; and (iii) in the event that the indemnifying party undertakes defense
of or opposition to any Claim, the indemnified party, by counsel or other
representative of its own choosing and at its sole cost and expense, shall
have the right to consult with the indemnifying party and its counsel or
other representatives concerning such Claim and the indemnifying party and
the indemnified party and their respective counsel or other representatives
shall cooperate in good faith with respect to such Claim.   (d) All claims
not disputed shall be paid by the indemnifying party within thirty (30) days
after receiving notice of the Claim. "Disputed Claims" shall mean claims for
Damages by an indemnified party which the indemnifying party objects to in
writing within thirty (30) days after receiving notice of the Claim. In the
event there is a Disputed Claim with respect to any Damages, the indemnifying
party shall be required to pay the indemnified party the amount of such
Damages for which the indemnifying party has, pursuant to a
final determination, been found liable within ten (10) days after there is a
final determination with respect to such Disputed Claim. A final
determination of a Disputed Claim shall be (i) a judgment of any court
determining the validity of a Disputed Claim, if no appeal is pending from
such judgment and if the time to appeal therefrom has elapsed; (ii) an award
of any arbitration determining the validity of such disputed claim, if there
is not pending any motion to set aside such award and if the time within
which to move to set aside such award has elapsed; (iii) a written
termination of the dispute with respect to such claim signed by the parties
thereto or their attorneys; (iv) a written acknowledgment of the indemnifying
party that it no longer disputes the validity of such claim; or (v) such
other evidence of final determination of a disputed claim as shall be
acceptable to the parties. No undertaking of defense or opposition to a
Claim shall be construed as an acknowledgment by such party that it is liable
to the party claiming indemnification with respect to the Claim at issue or
other similar Claims.  ARTICLE 16: TERMINATION   16.1. Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to Closing as follows:   (a)
by mutual written consent of Clear Channel and Exchange Party;   (b) by
written notice of Clear Channel to Exchange Party if Exchange Party (i) does
not satisfy the conditions or perform the obligations to be satisfied or
performed by it on the Closing Date; or (ii) otherwise breaches in any
material respect any of its representations or warranties or defaults in
any material respect in the performance of any of its covenants or agreements
herein contained and such breach or default is not cured within the Cure
Period (defined below)   (c) by written notice of Exchange Party to Clear
Channel if Clear Channel (i) does not satisfy the conditions or perform the
obligations to be satisfied or performed by it on the Closing Date; or (ii)
otherwise breaches in any material respect any of its representations or
warranties or defaults in any material respect in the performance of any
of     -23-  24  its covenants or agreements herein contained and such
breach or default is not cured within the Cure Period (defined below)   (d)
by written notice of either party to the other if the FCC denies the FCC
Application;   (e) by written notice of Clear Channel to Exchange Party if
the Closing shall not have been consummated on or before the date four months
after the date of this Agreement; or   (f) by written notice of Clear
Channel to Exchange Party if the AMFM Agreement is terminated or expires.  
The term "Cure Period" as used herein means a period commencing the date
a party receives from the other written notice of breach or default hereunder
and continuing until the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days thereafter or (ii)
the Closing Date; provided, however, that if the breach or default cannot
reasonably be cured within such period but can be cured before the Closing
Date, and if diligent efforts to cure promptly commence, then the Cure Period
shall continue as long as such diligent efforts to cure continue, but not
beyond the Closing Date. Except as set forth below, the termination of this
Agreement shall not relieve any party of any liability for breach or default
under this Agreement prior to the date of termination. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, Section 13.1 shall survive any
termination of this Agreement.   16.2. Remedies. The parties recognize that
if either party refuses to consummate the Closing pursuant to the provisions
of this Agreement or either party otherwise breaches or defaults such that
the Closing has not occurred ("Breaching Party"), monetary damages alone will
not be adequate to compensate the non-breaching party ("Non-Breaching Party")
for its injury. Such Non-Breaching Party shall therefore be entitled to
obtain specific performance of the terms of this Agreement in lieu of, and
not in addition to, any other remedies, including but not limited to monetary
damages, that may be available to it; provided however, that Clear Channel
may elect to recover liquidated damages in lieu of obtaining specific
performance. If any action is brought by the Non-Breaching Party to enforce
this Agreement, the Breaching Party shall waive the defense that there is an
adequate remedy at law. In the event of a default by the Breaching Party
which results in the filing of a lawsuit for damages, specific performance,
or other remedy, the Non-Breaching Party shall be entitled to reimbursement
by the Breaching Party of reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by the
Non-Breaching Party, provided that the Non-Breaching Party is successful in
such lawsuit.   16.3. Liquidated Damages. If this Agreement is terminated by
Clear Channel due to Exchange Party\'s failure to consummate the Closing on
the Closing Date in accordance with this Agreement or if this Agreement is
otherwise terminated by Clear Channel pursuant to Section 16.1(b), then
Exchange Part shall pay Clear Channel as liquidated damages an amount equal
to 25% of the Cash Amount. It is understood and agreed that such liquidated
damages      -24-  25  amount represents the parties\' reasonable
estimate of actual damages and does not constitute a penalty.   ARTICLE
17: MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS   17.1. Casualty Loss. In the event any loss or
damage of the Clear Channel Tangible Personal Property or Clear Channel Real
Property or the Exchange Party Tangible Personal Property or Exchange Party
Real Property exists on the Closing Date, the parties shall consummate the
Closing and assign as appropriate the proceeds of any insurance payable on
account of such damage or loss.   17.2. Further Assurances. After the
Closing, each party shall from time to time, at the request of and without
further cost or expense to the other, execute and deliver such other
instruments and take such other actions as may reasonably be requested in
order to more effectively consummate the transactions contemplated hereby to
exchange assets and assume obligations as contemplated by this Agreement.  
17.3. Assignment. Except as set forth in Sections 10.5 (1031 Exchange)
and 10.6 (Trust), neither party may assign this Agreement without the prior
written consent of the other party hereto. With respect to any permitted
assignment, the parties shall take all such actions as are reasonably
necessary to effectuate such assignment, including but not limited to
cooperating in any appropriate filings with the FCC or other governmental
authorities. All covenants, agreements, statements, representations,
warranties and indemnities in this Agreement by and on behalf of any of the
parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective
successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto.   17.4. Amendments.
No amendment, waiver of compliance with any provision or condition hereof or
consent pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective unless evidenced by an
instrument in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any
waiver, amendment, change, extension or discharge is sought.   17.5.
Headings. The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience only
and will not control or affect the meaning or construction of the provisions
of this Agreement.   17.6. Governing Law. The construction and performance
of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas without
giving effect to the choice of law provisions thereof.   17.7. Notices. Any
notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given under the
provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing, including by facsimile, and
shall be deemed to have been received on the date of personal delivery, on
the third day after deposit in the U.S. mail if mailed by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, on the day
after delivery to a nationally recognized overnight courier service if sent
by an overnight delivery service for next morning delivery or when delivered
by facsimile      -25-  26  transmission, and shall be addressed as
follows (or to such other address as any party may request by written
notice):   if to Clear Channel: c/o Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.  200
Concord Plaza, Suite 600  San Antonio, Texas 78216  Attention: President 
Facsimile: (210) 822-2299  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to: Wiley, Rein and Fielding  1776 K Street, N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20006 
Attention: Richard J. Bodorff, Esq.  Facsimile: (202) 719-7049  if to
Exchange Party: Cumulus Broadcasting, Inc.  111 E. Kilbourn Avenue, Suite
2700  Milwaukee, WI 53211  Attention: Terrence J. Leahy, Esq.  Facsimile:
(414) 615-2880  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Cumulus
Broadcasting, Inc.  875 N. Michigan Avenue, Suite 1460  Chicago, IL 60011 
Attention: Jorge Garcia  Facsimile: (312) 867-0098    17.8. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one and
the same instrument.   17.9. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing herein
expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give
to any person or entity other than the parties hereto and their successors or
permitted assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Agreement.   17.10. Severability. The parties agree that if one or more
provisions contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law, this
Agreement shall be construed with the invalid, illegal or unenforceable
provision deleted, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected or impaired
thereby.   -26-  27   17.11. Entire Agreement. This Agreement embodies
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto and supersedes
any and all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings relating to the
matters provided for herein. This Agreement does not supersede any
confidentiality agreement relating to the Clear Channel Stations.   17.12.
Exchange Party Station Schedules. This Agreement is being executed prior to
delivery of schedules for the Exchange Party Stations, and is subject to and
contingent upon delivery of all such schedules by Exchange Party in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Clear Channel (the "Schedule Condition")
within five business days after the date hereof. If the schedules delivered
by Exchange Party are not satisfactory to Clear Channel, then Clear Channel
may terminate this Agreement by written notice to Exchange Party.   
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]      -27-  28   SIGNATURE PAGE TO ASSET
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Agreement as of the date first set forth above.   CLEAR CHANNEL: CAPSTAR
RADIO OPERATING COMPANY    By: 
------------------------------------------  Name:  Title:    CAPSTAR TX
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP    By:  ------------------------------------------ 
Name:  Title:   EXCHANGE PARTY: CUMULUS BROADCASTING, INC.    By: 
------------------------------------------  Richard Weening, Executive
Chairman    CUMULUS LICENSING CORP.    By: 
------------------------------------------  Richard Weening, Executive
Chairman     29   Clear Channel Schedules  1.1(a) - FCC
Licenses  1.1(b) - Tangible Personal Property  1.1(c) - Station
Contracts  1.1(d) - Intangible Property  1.1(f) - Real Property  1.2(h)
- Excluded Assets    Exchange Party Schedules  1.3(a) - FCC
Licenses  1.3(b) - Tangible Personal Property  1.3(c) - Station
Contracts  1.3(d) - Intangible Property  1.3(f) - Real Property  1.4(h)
- Excluded Assets    Exhibits  A - Tower Lease Form  B-1 - Studio
Lease Form (Single Tenant)  B-2 - Studio Lease Form (Multi-Tenant)    '

