 EXHIBIT 2.1    Exhibit 2.1   EXECUTION
VERSION   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   by and among   DIAGEO NORTH
AMERICA, INC.,   DOUBLE WINES, INC.   and   THE CHALONE WINE GROUP,
LTD.   Dated as of December 18, 2004     TABLE OF CONTENTS    
PAGE  ----  ~~   ARTICLE I.   THE MERGER  1.1 The
Merger................................................................ 2 1.2
Closing...................................................................
2 1.3 Effective
Time............................................................ 2 1.4
Effects of the Merger.....................................................
3 1.5 Articles of
Incorporation................................................. 3 1.6
Bylaws....................................................................
3 1.7 Officers and Directors of Surviving
Corporation........................... 3 1.8 Effect on Capital
Stock................................................... 3 1.9 Surrender and
Payment..................................................... 4 1.10 Options;
Stock Option Plans............................................... 6 1.11
Withholding Rights........................................................
7 1.12 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan.............................................. 7   ARTICLE II.  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  2.1 Representations and Warranties of the
Company............................. 7 2.2 Representations and Warranties of
Parent.................................. 19 2.3 Representations and
Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub................... 20   ARTICLE III.  
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  3.1 Covenants of the
Company.................................................. 21 3.2 Advice of
Changes; Government Filings..................................... 24  
ARTICLE IV.   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  4.1 Preparation of Proxy Statement;
the Company Shareholders Meeting.......... 25 4.2 Access to
Information..................................................... 26 4.3
Approvals and Consents; Cooperation.......................................
27 4.4 Acquisition
Proposals..................................................... 28 4.5
Employee Benefits.........................................................
30    -i-      ~~  4.6 Fees and
Expenses......................................................... 31 4.7
Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance.......................
31 4.8 Wine
Club................................................................. 32 4.9
Public Announcements......................................................
32 4.10 Distributor
Notice........................................................ 32 4.11
Intellectual Property Liens...............................................
32 4.12 Certain Transactions with
Affiliates...................................... 32 4.13 Rothschild
Termination Fee................................................ 33 4.14
Rothschild Voting Agreement...............................................
33 4.15 Financial
Capability...................................................... 33 4.16
Further Assurances........................................................
33   ARTICLE V.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  5.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation to Effect the Merger................ 33 5.2 Additional Conditions
to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub............. 34 5.3 Additional
Conditions to Obligations of the Company....................... 34   ARTICLE
VI.   TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT  6.1
Termination...............................................................
35 6.2 Effect of
Termination..................................................... 36 6.3
Amendment.................................................................
38 6.4 Extension;
Waiver......................................................... 38   ARTICLE
VII.   GENERAL PROVISIONS  7.1 Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties
and Agreements; No Other  Representations and
Warranties.......................................... 39 7.2
Notices...................................................................
39 7.3
Interpretation............................................................
39 7.4
Counterparts..............................................................
40 7.5 Entire Agreement; No Third Party
Beneficiaries............................ 40 7.6 Governing Law;
Jurisdiction............................................... 40 7.7
Severability..............................................................
41 7.8
Assignment................................................................
41 7.9
Enforcement...............................................................
41 7.10
Definitions...............................................................
41    -ii-    SCHEDULES  Schedule 4.8 Wine Club Dividend  
-iii-     GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS     Location of  Definition
Defined Term  ---------- ------------  ~~  Acquisition Agreement
4.4(a) Acquisition Proposal 7.10(a) Agreement Preamble Agreement of Merger
1.3 Board of Directors 7.10(b) Business Day 7.10(c) Certificates
1.9(b) CGCL Recitals Closing 1.2 Closing Date 1.2 Code 2.1(h) Company
Preamble Company Benefit Plans 2.1(m)(i) Company Common Stock
Recitals Company Disclosure Schedule 2.1 Company Intellectual Property
Rights 2.1(o) Company Material Contracts 2.1(l) Company Permits
2.1(f) Company Recommendation 4.1(c) Company Representatives
7.10(d) Company SEC Reports 2.1(d)(i) Company Shareholders Meeting
4.1(b) Company Stock Option Plan 7.10(e) Company Subsidiaries
2.1(a) Company Voting Debt 2.1(b)(iii) Confidentiality Agreement 4.2 Effect
7.10(i) Effective Time 1.3 Environmental Laws 7.10(f) ERISA 2.1(m)(i) ESPP
1.12 ESPP Termination Date 1.12 Exchange Act 2.1(c)(iv) Exchange Agent
1.9(a) Expenses 4.6 GAAP 2.1(d)(i) Governmental Entity 2.1(c)(iv) HSR Act
2.1(c)(iv) Indemnified Party 4.7 Intellectual Property 7.10(g)   
-iv-      Location of  Definition Defined Term  ----------
------------  ~~  Knowledge 7.10(h) Liens 2.1(b)(ii) Material Adverse
Effect 7.10(i) Merger Recitals Merger Consideration 1.8(d) Merger Sub
Preamble Nasdaq 2.1(c)(iv) Notice of Superior Proposal 4.4(b) Option Merger
Consideration 1.10(b) Options 1.10 Organizational Documents 7.10(j) Outside
Date 6.1(b) Parent Preamble Parent Proposal Recitals Permitted Liens
7.10(k) Person 7.10(l) Proxy Statement 2.1(e) Registered 7.10(m) Related
Party 2.1(i) Required Regulatory Approvals 5.1(d) Rothschild
Recitals Rothschild Agreement Recitals Rothschild Termination Fee
6.2(c) SEC 2.1(d)(i) Securities Act 2.1(c)(iv) Shareholder Approval
4.4(a) SOXA 2.1(d)(iii) Special Committee 2.1(i) Subsidiary
7.10(n) Superior Proposal 7.10(o) Surviving Corporation 1.1 Tax
7.10(p) Taxes 7.10(p) Tax Return 7.10(p) Terminating Company Breach
6.1(f) Terminating Parent Breach 6.1(g) Termination Fee 6.2(b) the other
party 7.10(q) Third Party 7.10(r) Triple Wines Recitals Violation
2.1(c)(iii)    -v-     This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of
December 18, 2004 (this "Agreement"), by and among Diageo North America,
Inc., a Connecticut corporation ("Parent"), Double Wines, Inc., a California
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and The
Chalone Wine Group, Ltd., a California corporation (the "Company").   W I T
N E S S E T H :   WHEREAS, the Company entered into the Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of October 30, 2004 (the "Rothschild Agreement"), among
Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) ("Rothschild"), Triple Wines, Inc.
("Triple Wines") and the Company, pursuant to which the Company, Rothschild
and Triple Wines agreed to enter into a transaction whereby each issued and
outstanding share of common stock, no par value per share, of the Company
("Company Common Stock"), other than shares owned directly or indirectly by
Rothschild or by the Company, would be converted into the right to receive
$11.75 in cash;   WHEREAS, after the execution of the Rothschild Agreement,
Parent made a bona fide written proposal (the "Parent Proposal") to the Board
of Directors of the Company to effect a merger, indirectly, whereby each
issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock, other than shares owned
directly or indirectly by the Company or its subsidiaries, would convert into
the right to receive $14.25 in cash;   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of
the Company has determined that the Parent Proposal is a "Superior Proposal"
(as defined in the Rothschild Agreement);   WHEREAS, pursuant to and in
accordance with Section 4.4(b) of the Rothschild Agreement, on December 12,
2004 the Company gave notice to Rothschild of the Company\'s receipt of the
Parent Proposal and Rothschild did not propose adjustments to the terms and
conditions of the Rothschild Agreement in accordance with Section 4.4(b) of
the Rothschild Agreement to cause the Parent Proposal to no longer be a
Superior Proposal;   WHEREAS, the Company has terminated the Rothschild
Agreement as of December 18, 2004 pursuant to Section 6.1(d) thereof;  
WHEREAS, upon the terms of and subject to the conditions of this Agreement,
the Company, Parent and Merger Sub will enter into a transaction to effect
the Parent Proposal;   WHEREAS, at a meeting duly called and held, and
acting with full disclosure of the material facts as to the Merger and after
duly inquiring as to the interest of certain of the Company\'s directors in
the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Board of
Directors (with certain members abstaining) has (i) determined in good faith
that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Merger, are in the best interests of the Company\'s shareholders, (ii)
approved and    adopted this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the Merger, in accordance with the requirements of the
California General Corporation Law ("CGCL"), and (iii) subject to the
provisions of Sections 4.1 and 4.4(b), resolved to recommend approval and
adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by the shareholders of the
Company;   WHEREAS, in order to effectuate the foregoing, Merger Sub, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in accordance
with the CGCL, will merge with and into the Company (the "Merger"); and  
WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection
with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth
herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   ARTICLE I.   THE MERGER   1.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with
the CGCL, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company at the
Effective Time (as defined below). Following the Merger, the separate
corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue
as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") in accordance with
the CGCL.   1.2 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take
place as soon as practicable after satisfaction or waiver (as permitted by
this Agreement and applicable law) of the conditions (excluding conditions
that, by their terms, cannot be satisfied until the Closing Date) set forth
in Article V (the "Closing Date"), unless another time or date is agreed to
in writing by the parties hereto. The Closing shall be held at the offices of
Latham and Watkins, 505 Montgomery Street, Suite 1900, San Francisco, CA 94111,
unless another place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.   1.3
Effective Time. Upon the Closing, the parties shall file with the Secretary
of State of the State of California an agreement of merger or
other appropriate documents (in any such case, the "Agreement of Merger")
executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the CGCL and shall
make all other filings, recordings or publications required under the CGCL in
connection with the Merger. The Merger shall become effective at such time as
the Agreement of Merger is duly filed with the Secretary of State of the
State of California, or at such other time as the parties may agree and
specify in the Agreement of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective
being the "Effective Time").   -2-    1.4 Effects of the Merger. At and
after the Effective Time, the Merger will have the effects set forth in
Section 1107 of the CGCL.   1.5 Articles of Incorporation. The articles of
incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the articles of incorporation of the Company until thereafter
changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law.   1.6 Bylaws.
The bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect at the Effective Time shall be the
bylaws of the Company until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein
or by applicable law.   1.7 Officers and Directors of Surviving Corporation.
The officers of the Company shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation, and the directors of Merger Sub shall be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or
otherwise ceasing to be an officer or director, as applicable, or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.  
1.8 Effect on Capital Stock. As of the Effective Time, by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of
Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of Merger Sub:   (a)
Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each issued and outstanding share of capital
stock of Merger Sub shall be converted into and become one fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock, no par value per share, of the Surviving
Corporation.   (b) Cancellation of Treasury Stock. Each share of Company
Common Stock that is owned by the Company shall automatically be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist, and no Merger Consideration shall be
delivered in exchange therefor.   (c) Conversion of Stock Held by Company
Subsidiaries. Each share of Company Common Stock that is owned by a wholly-
owned Subsidiary of the Company shall be converted into Surviving Corporation
stock of equivalent value.   (d) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Subject
to Section 1.9(i), each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock
(other than shares to be canceled in accordance with Section 1.8(b) and those
converted in accordance with Section 1.8(c)) shall be converted into the
right to receive $14.25 in cash, without interest (the "Merger
Consideration"). As of the Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common
Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate
representing any such shares of Company Common Stock shall cease to have any
rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive, upon the surrender
of such certificates, the Merger Consideration.   -3-    1.9 Surrender
and Payment.   (a) Exchange Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
appoint an agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the purpose of exchanging
certificates representing shares of Company Common Stock for the Merger
Consideration. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit
with the Exchange Agent (i) the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of
the shares of Company Common Stock and (ii) Option Merger Consideration to be
paid with respect to the Company\'s outstanding Options as provided for in
Section 1.10. For purposes of determining the Merger Consideration to be made
available, Parent shall assume that no holder of shares of Company Common
Stock will perfect its right to appraisal of such shares.   (b) Exchange
Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time of the
Merger (but in any event within three Business Days after the Effective
Time), the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to
each holder of record of a certificate or certificates (the "Certificates")
which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares
of Company Common Stock, other than shares to be canceled and retired in
accordance with Section 1.8(b), (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall
specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the
Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have such other provisions as
the Surviving Corporation may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for
use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger
Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the
Exchange Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by
Parent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and such
other documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the
holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
the Merger Consideration (which Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to pay
promptly), and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. If
any portion of the Merger Consideration is to paid to a Person other than the
registered holder of the shares represented by the certificate or
certificates surrendered in exchange therefor, it shall be a condition to
such payment that the certificate or certificates so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and that the
Person requesting such payment shall pay to the Exchange Agent any
transfer or other taxes required as a result of such payment to a Person
other than the registered holder of such shares or establish to the
satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not
payable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 1.9, each
Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent
only the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration.  
(c) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All
Merger Consideration paid upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates in
accordance with the terms of this Article I shall be deemed to have been paid
in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common
Stock theretofore represented by such Certificates, subject, however, to the
Surviving Corporation\'s obligation to pay any   -4-   dividends or make
any other distributions with a record date prior to the Effective Time which
may have been declared or made by the Company on such shares of Company
Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or prior to the
date of this Agreement and which remain unpaid at the Effective Time, and
there shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer
books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock
which were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the
Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation
or the Exchange Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged
as provided in this Article I, except as otherwise provided by law.   (d)
Unclaimed Funds. Any portion of the Merger Consideration made available to
the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 1.9(a) that remains unclaimed by
holders of the Certificates for one year after the Effective Time of the
Merger shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any holders
of Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this Article I
shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of their claim for
Merger Consideration.   (e) No Liability. None of Parent, Merger Sub, the
Company or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person in respect of any
Merger Consideration delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.   (f) Investment of
Funds. The Exchange Agent shall invest any Merger Consideration made
available to the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 1.9(a), as directed by
Parent, on a daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting from such
investments shall be paid to Parent.   (g) Lost Certificates. In the event
that any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate
to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the posting by
such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as Parent may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen
or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration with respect to such
Certificate to which such person is entitled pursuant hereto.   (h) Merger
Consideration. Any portion of the Merger Consideration made available to the
Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 1.9(a) to pay for shares of Company Common
Stock for which appraisal rights have been perfected shall be returned to
Parent upon demand.   (i) Dissenting Shares. Notwithstanding Section 1.8,
shares of Company Common Stock, outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the Merger
or consented thereto in writing and who has demanded appraisal for such
shares in accordance with the CGCL, shall not be converted into a right to
receive the Merger Consideration, unless such holder fails to perfect or
withdraws or otherwise loses its right to appraisal. If after the Effective
Time   -5-   such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or loses its right
to appraisal, and subject to Section 1308 of the CGCL, such shares shall be
treated as if they had been converted as of the Effective Time into a right
to receive the Merger Consideration. The Company shall give Parent prompt
notice of any demands received by the Company for appraisal of shares of
Company Common Stock, and Parent shall have the right to participate in all
negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands. The Company shall
not, except with the prior written consent of Parent or as may be required by
applicable law, make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to
settle, any such demands.   1.10 Options; Stock Option Plans. At the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
the holders of any option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock under
the Company Stock Option Plan, whether vested or not vested (each, an
"Option" and collectively, the "Options"), or any other Person, except as
expressly provided herein:   (a) each Option outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time with an exercise price per share equal to or greater
than the Merger Consideration shall be canceled and the holder thereof shall
have no right to receive any consideration therefor; and   (b) each Option
outstanding three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Time with an
exercise price per share less than the Merger Consideration shall become
fully vested and exercisable as of the third Business Day prior to the
Effective Time and, if remaining outstanding as of the Effective Time, shall
be canceled immediately prior to the Effective Time in exchange for the right
to receive a payment in cash, without interest, equal to the product (such
product, the "Option Merger Consideration") of (i) the excess of (x) the
Merger Consideration over (y) the exercise price per share under such Option
multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock underlying
each such Option, which cash payment shall be reduced by any applicable
withholding taxes. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time
of the Merger (but in any event within three Business Days after the
Effective Time), the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent
to mail to each holder of an Option entitled to receive Option Merger
Consideration (i) a letter of transmittal in form and with such provisions
which Parent may reasonably request and (ii) instructions for use in
effecting the surrender of the Options in exchange for the Option Merger
Consideration. As soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective
Time, but in no event more than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, the
Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder
of an Option entitled to receive Option Merger Consideration, who properly
completed and returned to the Exchange Agent a letter of transmittal
previously sent to such holder by the Exchange Agent, the applicable Option
Merger Consideration. As of the Effective Time, the Company Stock Option Plan
shall be terminated and no further Options shall be granted thereunder.  
(c) In connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
Company has received the consent of each Option holder identified
on Schedule   -6-   1.10(c)(i) in substantially the same form as the
form of consent set forth in Schedule 1.10(c)(ii).   (d) Prior to the
Effective Time, the Company shall take, and shall cause to be taken,
commercially reasonable actions to effect the cancellation of all unexercised
Options, including, without limitation, properly delivering to each holder of
an Option any notice(s) that may be required under the Company Stock Option
Plan and soliciting the consent of each holder of an Option issued under the
Company\'s 1997 Stock Option Plan in substantially the form set forth on
Schedule 1.10(c)(ii). Ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date,
the Company shall provide Parent with a list containing the name of any
holder of an Option issued under the Company\'s 1997 Stock Option Plan who
has not signed and delivered the consent referred to in the immediately
preceding sentence.   1.11 Withholding Rights. Each of the Surviving
Corporation and Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to this Article I such
amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making
of such payment under any provision of federal, state, local or foreign Tax
law. If the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, so withholds
amounts, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common Stock or the
holder of an Option, as the case may be, in respect of which the Surviving
Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, made such deduction and
withholding.   1.12 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Company shall take all
actions necessary to provide that the Company\'s 2003 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan (the "ESPP") shall terminate on the close of business on the last
Business Day immediately prior to the Effective Time (the "ESPP Termination
Date"), all participants\' rights under the ongoing offering shall terminate
upon such ESPP Termination Date, and all accumulated payroll deductions
allocated to each participant\'s account under the ESPP shall thereupon be
used to purchase from the Company whole shares of Company Common Stock at a
price determined under the terms of the ESPP immediately prior to the ESPP
Termination Date, subject to the terms and conditions of the ESPP. The
Company shall give participants in the ESPP at least 10 days\' notice of such
ESPP Termination Date in accordance with the ESPP. At the Effective Time, any
Company Common Stock so purchased will be treated as provided in Section 1.8
of this Agreement.   ARTICLE II.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   2.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the
disclosure schedules delivered by the Company to Parent at or prior to the
execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), each
of which exceptions, in   -7-   order to be applicable to any particular
representation or warranty, shall specifically indicate the Section, or
subsection, of this Section 2.1 to which it relates (except to the extent
that the applicability of such exception to such Section or subsection is
otherwise readily apparent), or as set forth in the Company SEC Reports (as
defined below), the Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub
as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power. Each of the Company and
each of its Subsidiaries (the "Company Subsidiaries") has been duly
incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
its jurisdiction of incorporation. Each of the Company and each Company
Subsidiary is duly qualified and in good standing to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing
of its properties makes such qualification necessary, except where the
failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected, either individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The
copies of the Organizational Documents of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries which were previously furnished or made available to Parent are
true, complete and correct copies of such documents as in effect on the date
of this Agreement.   (b) Capital Structure.   (i) As of the date of this
Agreement, the authorized capital  stock of the Company consists of
25,000,000 shares of Company Common  Stock, of which 13,483,011 shares are
issued and outstanding. All  issued and outstanding shares of the capital
stock of the Company are  duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable. No class  of Company capital stock is entitled to preemptive
rights. None of the  issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
have been issued  in violation of any preemptive rights of current or past
holders of any  class of Company capital stock or are subject to any
preemptive rights  of current or past Company shareholders granted by the
Company. As of  the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding options,
stock  appreciation rights, phantom equity, warrants, indebtedness
convertible  into capital stock or other rights to acquire capital stock from
the  Company other than (i) Options representing in the aggregate the right 
to purchase 1,350,202 shares of Company Common Stock under the Company  Stock
Option Plan and (ii) up to 50,000 shares of Company Common Stock  available
under the ESPP. The Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth  the name of each
person holding outstanding Options, the number of  shares which may be
purchased upon exercise of such Options, the  expiration date of such Options
as of the date of this Agreement and  the exercise price per Share of such
Options.   (ii) All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock 
of the Company Subsidiaries are duly authorized, validly issued, fully  paid
and nonassessable and are owned by the Company, free and clear of  any liens,
claims, encumbrances, restrictions, preemptive rights or any  other claims of
any third party ("Liens"). Except for the capital stock  of the Company
Subsidiaries, the   -8-    Company does not own, directly or indirectly,
any capital stock or  other ownership interest in any Person.   (iii) As of
the date of this Agreement, no bonds, debentures,  notes or other
indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote on  any matters on which
shareholders may vote ("Company Voting Debt") are  issued or outstanding.  
(iv) Other than the Options and the ESPP, there are no  securities, options,
warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements,  arrangements or
undertakings of any kind to which the Company or any  Company Subsidiary is a
party or by which any of them is bound  obligating the Company or any Company
Subsidiary to issue, deliver or  sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or
sold, additional shares of  capital stock or other voting securities of the
Company or any Company  Subsidiary or obligating the Company or any Company
Subsidiary to  issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security, option,
warrant,  call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. As
of  the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding obligations of the 
Company or any Company Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise  acquire
any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Company  Subsidiary.  
(c) Authority; No Conflicts.   (i) The Company has all requisite corporate
power and  corporate authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to
the  adoption of this Agreement by the requisite vote of the holders of 
Company Common Stock, to consummate the transactions contemplated  hereby.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the  consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly  authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the  Company, subject in the case of the
consummation of the Merger to the  approval of this Agreement and the
principal terms of the Merger by the  shareholders of the Company. This
Agreement has been duly executed and  delivered by the Company and
constitutes a valid and binding agreement  of the Company, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms,  except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization, moratorium and similar
laws relating to or affecting  creditors generally and by general equity
principles (regardless of  whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or  at law).   (ii) At a meeting duly called and held,
and with full  disclosure of the material facts as to the Merger and after
having  inquired as to the interest of certain of the Company\'s directors
in  the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the 
Board of Directors (with certain members abstaining) has (1)  determined, in
what the Board of Directors believes to be good faith,  that this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby, including  the Merger, are in the
best interests of the Company\'s shareholders,  (2) approved and adopted this
Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby, including the  
-9-    Merger, in accordance with the requirements of the CGCL, and (3) 
subject to the provisions of Section 4.1 and 4.4(b), resolved to  recommend
approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by the  shareholders
of the Company.   (iii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement does
not or  will not, as the case may be, and the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in any
violation  of, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of
time,  or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, amendment, 
cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or the loss of a  material
benefit under, or the creation of a lien, pledge, security  interest, charge
or other encumbrance on any assets (any such conflict,  violation, default,
right of termination, amendment, cancellation or  acceleration, loss or
creation, a "Violation") pursuant to: (A) any  provision of the
Organizational Documents of the Company or the Company  Subsidiaries, (B)
except as could not reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect
on the Company, any judgment, order, decree,  statute, law, ordinance, rule
or regulation applicable to the Company,  the Company Subsidiaries or their
respective properties or assets or  (C) except as could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect on the Company and, subject to
obtaining or making the  consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations,  declarations and filings referred to in paragraph (v) below,
any loan  or credit agreement, note, mortgage, bond, indenture, lease,
benefit  plan or other agreement, obligation, instrument, permit,
concession,  franchise or license applicable to the Company, the Company 
Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets.   (iv) No consent,
approval, order or authorization of, or  registration, declaration or filing
with, any supranational, national,  state, municipal or local government, any
instrumentality, subdivision,  court, administrative agency or commission or
other authority thereof  (a "Governmental Entity") is required by or with
respect to the Company  or the Company Subsidiaries in connection with the
execution and  delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation
by the  Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for (x)
those  required under or in relation to (A) the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust 
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (B) the  Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), (C) the  Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), (D)  the CGCL with respect to the
filing and recordation of appropriate  merger or other documents, (E) rules
and regulations of the Nasdaq  National Market ("Nasdaq"), and (F) antitrust
or other competition laws  of other jurisdictions, and (y) such consents,
approvals, orders,  authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings
the failure of  which to make or obtain could not reasonably be expected to
have a  Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   -10-    (d) Reports
and Financial Statements.   (i) The Company has filed all required reports,
schedules,  forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it
with  the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") since January 1, 
2004 (collectively, including all exhibits thereto, the "Company SEC 
Reports"). None of the Company SEC Reports, as of their respective  dates
(or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of  this
Agreement or of the Closing Date, then on the date of such  filing),
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted  to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to  make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which  they were
made, not misleading. Each of the financial statements  (including the
related notes) included in the Company SEC Reports was  prepared from, and is
in accordance with, the books and records of the  Company and fairly presents
in all material respects the consolidated  financial position and
consolidated results of operations and cash  flows of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries as of the respective  dates or for the respective
periods set forth therein, all in  conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP")  consistently applied during the periods
involved except as otherwise  noted therein, and subject, in the case of the
unaudited interim  financial statements, to normal and recurring year-end
adjustments that  have not been and are not expected to be material in
amount. All of  such Company SEC Reports, as of their respective dates (or as
of the  date of any amendment to the respective Company SEC Report),
complied  as to form in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of  the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations  promulgated thereunder.   (ii) Except as set forth in the
Company SEC Reports filed  prior to the date of this Agreement, and except
for liabilities and  obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business
and consistent  with past practice since December 31, 2003, neither the
Company nor any  Company Subsidiary has any liabilities or obligations of any
nature  required by GAAP to be set forth on a consolidated balance sheet of
the  Company or any Company Subsidiary or in the notes thereto which, 
individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company has delivered to  Parent
complete and correct copies of all documents governing all  material "off
balance sheet arrangements" (as defined by item 303(a)(4)  of Regulation S-K
promulgated by the SEC) in respect of the Company or  any of its
Subsidiaries.   (iii) The Company has in place the "disclosure controls
and  procedures" (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the 
Exchange Act) required in order for the Chief Executive Officer and  Chief
Financial Officer of the Company to engage in the review and  evaluation
process mandated by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of  2002 ("SOXA").
The Company\'s "disclosure controls and procedures" are  reasonably designed
to ensure that material   -11-    information (both financial and non-
financial) relating to the Company  and its consolidated Subsidiaries
required to be disclosed by the  Company in the reports that it files or
submits under the Exchange Act  is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods  specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC, and that such information  is accumulated and communicated to the
Company\'s principal executive  and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar  functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required  disclosure and to make the certifications of the Chief
Executive  Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company required by
Section  302 of SOXA with respect to such reports.   (e) Information
Supplied.   (i) None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the 
Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the proxy  statement
related to the meeting of the Company\'s shareholders to be  held in
connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by  this
Agreement (the "Proxy Statement"), and any amendments or  supplements thereto
will, on the date the Proxy Statement is first  mailed to the Company\'s
shareholders or at the time of the Company  Shareholders Meeting (as defined
below), contain any untrue statement  of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be  stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in  light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.  The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all
material respects  with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations  of the SEC thereunder.   (ii) Notwithstanding the
foregoing provisions of this Section  2.1(e), no representation or warranty
is made by the Company with  respect to statements made or incorporated by
reference in the Proxy  Statement or the Information Statement, as
applicable, based on  information supplied by Parent or Merger Sub for
inclusion or  incorporation by reference therein.   (f) Compliance with
Applicable Laws; Regulatory Matters. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries
hold all permits, licenses, certificates, franchises, registrations,
variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities
which are material to the operation of their businesses, taken as a whole
(the "Company Permits"). The Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in
compliance with the terms of the Company Permits, except where the failure so
to comply, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The businesses of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries are not being and have not been
conducted in violation of any law, ordinance, regulation, judgment, decree,
injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity, except for violations
which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. As of the date of this
Agreement, no investigation by any Governmental Entity with respect to
the Company or any Company Subsidiary is   -12-   pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened, other than investigations which,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (g) Litigation. There is no
litigation, arbitration, claim, suit, action, audit, investigation or
proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or
affecting (i) the Company or any Company Subsidiary or (ii) any present or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, former officer, director or employee of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary, in their capacity as a present or former
officer, director or employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or
otherwise such that the Company or any Company Subsidiary may be liable
(whether by virtue of indemnification or otherwise), which, individually or
in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company, nor is there any judgment, award, decree, injunction,
rule or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or by which any property, asset or
operation of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is bound or affected,
which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (h) Taxes. (i) The Company and
the Company Subsidiaries have duly and timely filed (taking into account any
extension of time within which to file) all Tax Returns required to be filed
by any of them and all such filed Tax Returns are complete and accurate in
all material respects; (ii) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have
paid all Taxes that are due (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) or that
the Company or any Company Subsidiary is obligated to withhold from amounts
owing to any employee, creditor or third party, except with respect to
matters contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been
established under GAAP or for such amounts that, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company; (iii) whether pending or threatened in writing, there are no
audits, examinations, investigations or other proceedings in respect of
Taxes or Tax matters relating to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries
which, if determined adversely to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries,
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company; (iv) there are no deficiencies or claims for any Taxes that have
been proposed, asserted or assessed against the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries which, if such deficiencies or claims were finally resolved
against the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, could reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company; (v) there are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets of the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries, other than Liens for current Taxes not
yet due and payable and Liens for Taxes that are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been
established under GAAP; (vi) neither of the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has made an election under former Section 341(f) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and (vii) neither the Company
nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is insolvent within the meaning of Treas.
Reg. Section   -13-   1.1502-19(b)(4).   (i) Absence of Certain Changes
or Events. Since December 31, 2003, (A) each of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries has conducted its business in the ordinary course and has not
incurred any material liability, except in the ordinary course of their
respective businesses; and (B) there has not been (i) any change in the
business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (ii) any change in any method of
accounting or accounting principles or practice by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for any such change required by reason of a concurrent
change in GAAP or Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act, (iii) any Tax
election made or changed, any annual tax accounting period changed,
any method of tax accounting adopted or changed, any material amended Tax
Returns or claims for Tax refunds filed, any material closing agreement
entered into, any material Tax claim, audit or assessment settled, or any
right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction in Tax
liability surrendered, (iv) any material change in practices relating to
pricing or royalties set or charged by the Company to its customers or
licensees except changes in the ordinary course of business to pricing or
royalties charged to an individual customer or licensee, or any notification
made to the Company of a material change in pricing or royalties set or
charged by licensors to the Company, (v) any agreement, commitment,
arrangement or plan entered into by the Company with (A) any director or
officer of the Company or (B) any "associates" or members of the "immediate
family" (as such terms are respectively defined in Rule 12b-2 and Rule 16a-1
of the Exchange Act) of any director or officer of the Company (each such
Person described in clauses (A) or (B) above, a "Related Party"), or (vi) any
material payment, reimbursement, refund or other fund transfer by the Company
to any Related Party, other than the payment of salaries to officers made in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice pursuant to
agreements in place on the date hereof which have been provided to Parent
or payment to directors for service on the special committee of the Board
of Directors composed entirely of independent directors established for the
purpose of considering a transaction under the Rothschild Agreement (the
"Special Committee"). Since the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has made any loans to
any executive officer (as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act) or
director of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.   (j)
Inventory. All of the bulk wine, packaging materials (including but not
limited to labels) and finished goods inventory relating to
products produced, manufactured, marketed, promoted, sold or distributed by
the Company and its affiliates has been produced and packaged in all material
respects in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations and orders. All
of the Company\'s and the Company Subsidiaries\' vehicles, machinery and
equipment necessary for the operation of their businesses have been
maintained in the ordinary course of business and are in operable condition
(normal   -14-   wear and tear excepted), except as could not be
reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (k)
Real Property. Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has good and
valid title to the real property owned by it, and valid and
subsisting leasehold estates in the real property leased by it, in each case
subject to no material lien or encumbrance, except Permitted Liens.   (l)
Certain Agreements. All contracts listed as an exhibit to the Company\'s
Annual Report on Form 10-K under the rules and regulations of the
SEC relating to the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
(the "Company Material Contracts") are valid and in full force and effect
except to the extent they have previously expired in accordance with their
terms or as could not otherwise reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, and neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has violated any provision of, or committed or failed to perform
any act which, with or without notice, lapse of time, or both, could
reasonably be expected to constitute a default under the provisions of, any
such Company Material Contract, except for defaults which, individually or in
the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, no counterparty to
any such Company Material Contract has violated any provision of, or
committed or failed to perform any act which, with or without notice, lapse
of time, or both, could reasonably be expected to constitute a default or
other breach under the provisions of, any such Company Material Contract,
except for defaults or breaches which, individually or in the aggregate,
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   (m) Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.   (i) With respect
to each employee benefit plan, program,  arrangement or contract (including,
without limitation, any "employee  benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3)
of the Employee Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")
and any bonus,  deferred compensation, stock bonus, stock purchase,
restricted stock,  stock option, employment, termination, change in control
and severance  plan, program, arrangement and contract) to which the Company
or any  Company Subsidiary is a party, which is maintained or contributed to
by  the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or with respect to which the 
Company or any Company Subsidiary could incur material liability under 
Section 4069, 4201 or 4212(c) of ERISA (the "Company Benefit Plans"),  the
Company has made available to Parent a true and complete copy of  each such
Company Benefit Plan. The Company Benefit Plans are listed on  Schedule
2.1(m)(i). For the avoidance of doubt, Company Benefit Plans  include plans
covering former employees and present and former  directors of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary.   -15-    (ii) Each of the Company Benefit Plans
that is an "employee  pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section
3(2) of ERISA and  that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code has  received a favorable determination letter from the Internal
Revenue  Service, and the Company is not aware of any circumstances likely
to  result in the revocation of any such favorable determination letter 
that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  the
Company.   (iii) With respect to the Company Benefit Plans, no event has 
occurred and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there exists no  condition or
set of circumstances, in connection with which the Company  or any Company
Subsidiary could be subject to any liability under the  terms of such Company
Benefit Plans, ERISA, the Code or any other  applicable law which,
individually or in the aggregate, could  reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the  Company.   (iv) Neither of the Company nor
any Company Subsidiary is a  party to any collective bargaining or other
labor union contracts and  no collective bargaining agreement is being
negotiated by the Company  or the Company Subsidiaries. There is no pending
labor dispute, strike  or work stoppage against the Company or any Company
Subsidiary which  may interfere with the respective business activities of
the Company or  the Company Subsidiaries, except where such dispute, strike
or work  stoppage could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse  Effect on the Company. There is no pending charge or complaint
against  the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries by the National
Labor  Relations Board or any comparable state agency, except where such 
unfair labor practice, charge or complaint could not reasonably be  expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (v) As of the date
hereof, there is no material pending or, to  the Knowledge of the Company
threatened, litigation relating to the  Company Benefit Plans. Neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary  has any obligations for retiree health
and life benefits under any  Company Benefit Plan or collective bargaining
agreement.   (vi) There has been no amendment to, announcement by the 
Company or any Company Subsidiary relating to, or change in employee 
participation or coverage under, any Company Benefit Plan which would 
increase materially the expense of maintaining such plan above the  level of
the expense incurred therefor for the most recent fiscal year.  Neither the
execution of this Agreement, shareholder approval of this  Agreement nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby  will (w) entitle any
employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary  to severance pay or any
increase in severance pay upon any termination  of employment after the date
hereof, (x) accelerate the time of payment  or vesting or result in any
payment or funding (through a grantor trust   -16-    or otherwise) of
compensation or benefits under, increase the amount  payable or result in any
other material obligation pursuant to, any of  the Company Benefit Plans, (y)
limit or restrict the right of the  Company or, after the consummation of the
transactions contemplated  hereby, Parent to merge, amend or terminate any of
the Company Benefit  Plans or (z) result in payments under any of the Company
Benefit Plans  which would not be deductible under Section 162(m) or Section
280G of  the Code.   (vii) No consent of the holders of Options is required
to  cancel any Options under the Company\'s 1988 Non-Discretionary Stock 
Option Plan or the 1987 Stock Option Plan.   (n) Environmental Compliance
and Conditions. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have all permits,
licenses and other authorizations required under Environmental Laws, except
where the failure to hold such licenses, permits and authorizations could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and
each of the Company Subsidiaries are in compliance with all terms and
conditions of any and all such required permits, licenses, and authorizations
and are also in compliance with all other limitations, restrictions,
conditions, standards, prohibitions, requirements and obligations contained
in any applicable Environmental Law, except where the failure to so comply
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect:   (i) No
written notice, notification, demand, request for  information, citation,
summons or order has been received, no complaint  has been filed, no penalty
has been assessed, and no investigation,  action, claim, suit, proceeding or
review is pending or, to the  Knowledge of the Company, is threatened by any
Governmental Entity or  other Person relating to or arising out of any
Environmental Law; and   (ii) there are no liabilities of or relating to the
Company or  any of the Company Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether 
accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, 
arising under or relating to any Environmental Law, and to the  Knowledge of
the Company, there are no facts, conditions, situations or  set of
circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in or  be the basis
for any such liability.   For purposes of this Section, the terms "Company"
and "Company Subsidiaries" shall include any entity that is, in whole or in
part, a predecessor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (o)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries own or
license under valid and subsisting licenses all Intellectual Property
which is necessary or required for the operation of their businesses as
currently conducted (the "Company Intellectual Property Rights"). Schedule
2.1(o) sets forth a true and complete list of all Registered Company
Intellectual Property Rights (other than licenses for commercial  
-17-   "off-the-shelf" or "shrink-wrap" software). None of the Company
Intellectual Property Rights owned or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
licensed by or to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have been adjudged
invalid or unenforceable in whole or part, and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, all Intellectual Property owned by the Company, excluding any
pending applications for Intellectual Property, is valid and enforceable. The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
alter, impair or extinguish in any material respect any of the Company\'s or
the Company Subsidiaries\' rights in and to the Company Intellectual Property
Rights. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1(o), and except for any
infringements or misappropriations as could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has received any notice or claim that it is, and to the
Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is,
infringing or misappropriating the Intellectual Property of any Person and
the Company has no Knowledge of any infringement by any Person of any
Intellectual Property owned by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries and
there is no litigation or proceeding (before the PTO or otherwise)
with respect to the Company\'s Intellectual Property to which the Company or
any Company Subsidiary is a party.   (p) Brokers or Finders. No agent,
broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or Person is or
will be entitled to any broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other similar
commission or fee in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company,
except Thomas Weisel Partners LLC. The Company has provided to Parent a true
and correct copy of all engagement letters relating to arrangements with
Thomas Weisel Partners LLC.   (q) State Takeover Statutes. No "fair price,"
"moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other similar anti-takeover
statute is applicable to the Merger.   (r) Insurance. All material
insurance coverages of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are listed in
Schedule 2.1(r). Such coverage, or substantially similar coverage, has been
in force without interruption throughout the ten-year period preceding the
date hereof.   (s) Distribution, Sales and Marketing Agreements. The Company
has made available to Parent copies of all written agreements, contracts,
licenses and other commitments with distributors or brokers. Schedule 2.1(s)
sets forth reasonably accurate descriptions of certain terms (as described on
such Schedule) of any oral agreements, contracts, licenses and other
commitments of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries with distributors or
brokers with respect to the states and distributors or brokers listed
therein.   (t) Grape Purchase Agreements. Schedule 2.1(t) sets forth a
reasonably complete and accurate list of all vineyards for which the Company
and/or the Company Subsidiaries have written or oral agreements to purchase
grapes and the approximate tons   -18-   of grapes that the Company
and/or the Company Subsidiaries (i) purchased from such vineyards in calendar
year 2004 and (ii) reasonably expect to purchase from such vineyards in
calendar year 2005.   2.2 Representations and Warranties of Parent. Parent
represents and warrants to the Company as follows:   (a) Organization,
Standing and Power. Parent has been duly organized and is validly existing
under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Parent is duly qualified
and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature
of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure so to qualify could not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent.   (b) Authority; No Conflicts.   (i) Parent has
all requisite power and authority to enter into  this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the consummation of  the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly authorized by all  necessary corporate action on the
part of Parent. This Agreement has  been duly executed and delivered by
Parent and constitutes a valid and  binding agreement of Parent, enforceable
against it in accordance with  its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy,  insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
similar laws relating  to or affecting creditors generally, or by general
equity principles  (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in a  proceeding in equity or at law).   (ii) The execution and delivery of
this Agreement does not or  will not, as the case may be, and the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby will not, result in any
Violation of: (A) any  provision of the Organizational Documents of Parent or
(B) except as  could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on  Parent and subject to obtaining or making the consents,
approvals,  orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings 
referred to in paragraph (iii) below, any loan or credit agreement,  note,
mortgage, bond, indenture, lease, benefit plan or other  agreement,
obligation, instrument, permit, concession, franchise,  license, judgment,
order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or  regulation applicable to
Parent or its respective properties or assets.   (iii) No consent, approval,
order or authorization of, or  registration, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is  required by or with respect to Parent in connection
with the execution  and delivery of this Agreement by Parent or the
consummation by Parent  of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for
(A) the consents,  approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,
declarations and  filings required under or in relation   -19-    to
clause (x) of Section 2.1(c)(iv) and (B) such consents, approvals,  orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings the  failure of which
to make or obtain could not reasonably be expected to  have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent or impair or delay the ability  of Parent to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   (c) Information
Supplied.   (i) None of the information supplied or to be supplied by 
Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the 
Proxy Statement will, on the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed  to the
Company\'s shareholders or at the time of the Company  Shareholders Meeting,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact  or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the  circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.   (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of
this Section  2.2(c), no representation or warranty is made by Parent or
Merger Sub  with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference in
the  Proxy Statement based on information supplied by the Company for 
inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.   (d) Brokers or Finders.
No agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or
Person is or will be entitled to any broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other
similar commission or fee in connection with any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of Parent or Merger Sub, except UBS Investment Bank.   (e) Financing. Merger
Sub will have, prior to the Effective Time, sufficient funds to pay all
Merger Consideration and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   2.3 Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.
Parent and Merger Sub represent and warrant to the Company as follows:  
(a) Organization and Corporate Power. Merger Sub is a wholly owned Subsidiary
of Parent and a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of California. The copies of the
Organizational Documents of Merger Sub which were previously furnished or
made available to the Company are true, complete and correct copies of such
documents as in affect on the date of this Agreement.   (b) Corporate
Authorization. Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and corporate
authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by Merger Sub of
this Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of Merger   -20-   Sub. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Merger Sub and constitutes a valid and binding
agreement of Merger Sub, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting
creditors generally, or by general equity principles (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  
(c) Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by Merger Sub
of this Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not and will not contravene or conflict with the
Organizational Documents of Merger Sub.   (d) No Business Activities. Merger
Sub is not a party to any material agreements and has not conducted any
activities other than in connection with the organization of Merger Sub, the
negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Merger Sub has no Subsidiaries.   ARTICLE
III.   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   3.1 Covenants of the
Company. During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing
until the Effective Time (except as expressly contemplated or permitted by
this Agreement, including Section 3.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or
to the extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld with respect to matters set forth in
Sections 3.1(h)(i), (ii), (iii) and (v)):   (a) Ordinary Course. The Company
and the Company Subsidiaries shall carry on their respective businesses in
the usual, regular and ordinary course in all material respects and in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations,
pay their debts and Taxes when due subject to good faith disputes over such
debts or Taxes, pay or perform other material obligations when due, and shall
use reasonable efforts to (i) preserve intact their present business
organizations, (ii) maintain their properties in good operating condition,
(iii) keep available the services of their present officers, employees and
independent contractors and (iv) preserve their relationships with customers,
suppliers and others having business dealings with them. In addition, during
such period, the Company shall manage its working capital in the ordinary
course of business, consistent with past business practices or as otherwise
mutually determined by Parent and the Company. However, no action by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary with respect to matters specifically
addressed by any other provision of this Section 3.1 shall be deemed a breach
of this Section 3.1(a) unless such action would constitute a breach of one or
more of such other provisions.   (b) Dividends; Changes in Share Capital.
The Company shall not, and shall not permit the Company Subsidiaries to, and
shall not propose to, (i) declare or pay any   -21-   dividends on or
make other distributions in respect of any of its capital stock, other than
as provided for by this Agreement, and other than the "wine dividend" paid
consistent with the Company\'s wine dividend program in place as of the
date of this Agreement, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital
stock or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities
in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its capital stock
or (iii) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital
stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable for any shares of its
capital stock.   (c) Issuance of Securities. The Company shall not and shall
cause the Company Subsidiaries not to issue, deliver or sell, or authorize or
propose the issuance, delivery or sale of, any shares of its capital stock of
any class, any Company Voting Debt or any securities convertible into or
exercisable for, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such
shares or Company Voting Debt, or enter into any agreement with respect to
any of the foregoing, other than (i) the issuance of Company Common Stock
upon the exercise of Options outstanding on the date hereof in accordance
with the terms of the Company Stock Option Plan as in effect on the date of
this Agreement and (ii) the issuance of Company Common Stock pursuant to the
ESPP.   (d) Organizational Documents. Except to the extent required to
comply with their respective obligations hereunder, required by law or
required by the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries shall not amend or propose to amend their respective
Organizational Documents.   (e) Indebtedness; Payment of Creditors. The
Company shall not, and shall not permit the Company Subsidiaries to, (i)
incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness
or issue or sell any debt securities or warrants or rights to acquire any
debt securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or guarantee any
debt securities of other Persons other than indebtedness of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary to the Company or any Company Subsidiary and other
than in the ordinary course of business, (ii) fail to pay any creditor any
material amount owed to such creditor when due unless disputed in good faith
by appropriate proceedings consistent with past practice, (iii) make any
loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other
Person, other than by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to or in the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or (iv) pay, discharge or satisfy any
claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than in the case of clauses
(iii) and (iv), loans, advances, capital contributions, investments,
payments, discharges or satisfactions incurred or committed to in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   (f) Benefit
Plans. The Company shall not, and shall not permit the Company Subsidiaries
to (i) increase the compensation payable or to become payable to any of its
executive officers or employees, (ii) take any action with respect to the
grant or payment of any severance or termination or bonus or other incentive
arrangement (other than pursuant to those Company Benefit Plans), other than,
with respect to (i) and (ii) above, any such increases, grants or payments
made to persons who are not executive officers in   -22-   the ordinary
course of business and in accordance with past practice, (iii) except as
required by law, modify or amend any Company Benefit Plan or (iv) terminate
or cause the constructive termination of any employee identified on Schedule
3.1(f) without the prior written consent of Parent, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (g) Fundamental Transactions. Except
as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, the Company shall not, and shall
not permit the Company Subsidiaries to, merge or consolidate with any other
Person or acquire a material amount of stock or assets of any other Person or
sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of any material Subsidiary or any
material amount of assets, securities or property except (i) pursuant to
existing contracts or commitments or (ii) in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice. (h) Agreements and Commitments; Related Party
Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit the Company
Subsidiaries to (i) amend or modify in any material respect or consent to the
termination of any material contract or the Company\'s or the Company
Subsidiaries\' rights thereunder; (ii) enter into any material
lease, contract or agreement with regard to real property; (iii) enter into
any non-compete agreement or other material restriction on any of its
businesses following the Closing Date; (iv) hire, employ, contract or enter
into any agreement with new employees or independent contractors, which
employees or independent contractors have an aggregate annual salary of more
than $125,000; (v) cancel, terminate, or willfully take any action causing
the cancellation or termination of, any insurance policy naming it as a
beneficiary or a loss payee, including by the non-payment of premiums which
are due and payable; (vi) enter into any agreement, commitment, arrangement
or plan with any Related Party; (vii) initiate any new product promotions,
product discounts or other material price changes, other than in the ordinary
course of business, consistent with past practice; (viii) sell finished case
goods to wholesalers, distributors and retailers in quantities that would
result in a material increase in the level of stock of the Company\'s and the
Company Subsidiaries\' finished case goods generally held by any such
wholesalers, distributors and retailers in the ordinary course of business;
(ix) except in the ordinary course, fail to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to (A) enforce its and the Company Subsidiaries\' rights under any
contract or agreement with any distributor or any other legally enforceable
rights, (B) encourage its and the Company Subsidiaries\' distributors to (1)
avoid out-of-stocks, other than out-of-stocks due to a shortage of
a particular Company product, (2) maintain inventories at retail consistent
with past practice, (3) service retail accounts in the ordinary course
consistent with industry practice, (4) refrain from switching retail account
advertising programs except in the ordinary course, (5) ensure quality
product at retail and work cooperatively with the Company\'s and the Company
Subsidiaries\' field personnel to ensure execution of distribution policies
and business plans in the ordinary course of business, (6) timely follow-up
with customers in the ordinary course regarding the distribution and sale of
the Company\'s and the Company Subsidiaries\' products, (7) maintain wine-by-
the-glass accounts and brand designations on menu and drink lists in the
ordinary course of   -23-   business, and (8) maintain distribution of
the Company\'s and the Company Subsidiaries\' products and refrain from
switching brands except in the ordinary course; (x) fail to maintain
insurance coverage at least as favorable as each of the coverages described
on Schedule 2.1(s); (xi) incur or commit to any capital expenditures or
related series of capital expenditures in excess of $1 million individually;
or (xii) make any material payment, reimbursement, refund or other fund
transfer to any Related Party, other than the payment of salaries to officers
or employees made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, pursuant to agreements in place on the date hereof, or to directors
for service on the Special Committee.   (i) Tax Matters. The Company shall
not, and shall not permit the Company Subsidiaries to, (i) unless required by
law, to the extent it may affect or relate to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, make or change any Tax election, change any annual Tax accounting
period, adopt or change any method of Tax accounting, file any amended Tax
Return, enter into any closing agreement, settle any Tax claim or assessment,
surrender any right to claim a Tax refund, offset or other reduction in Tax
liability, consent to any extension or waiver of the limitations period
applicable to any Tax claim or assessment; or (ii) without the consent of
Parent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, make any material
payment of, or in respect of, any Tax to any person or any taxing authority,
except to the extent such payment is in respect of a Tax that is due or
payable or has been properly estimated in accordance with applicable law as
applied in a manner consistent with past practice of the Company.   (j)
Other Actions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit the Company
Subsidiaries to, enter into any agreement, or otherwise commit, to do any of
the foregoing.   3.2 Advice of Changes; Government Filings. Each party shall
(a) confer on a regular and frequent basis with the other and upon the
reasonable request of the other shall promptly meet in Northern California,
(b) report (to the extent permitted by law, regulation and any applicable
confidentiality agreement) to the other on operational matters and (c)
promptly advise the other orally and in writing of (i) any representation or
warranty made by it contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to
materiality becoming untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any such
representation or warranty that is not so qualified becoming untrue or
inaccurate in any material respect, (ii) the failure by it (A) to comply with
or satisfy in any respect any covenant, condition or agreement required to be
complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement that is qualified as to
materiality or (B) to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any
covenant, condition or agreement required to be complied with or satisfied by
it under this Agreement that is not so qualified as to materiality or (iii)
any change, event or circumstance that has had or could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on such party or materially
adversely affect its ability to consummate the Merger in a timely manner;
provided, however, that no such notification shall affect
the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or
the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement. The
Company and Parent shall file   -24-   all reports required to be filed
by each of them with the SEC (and all other Governmental Entities) between
the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time and shall (to the extent
permitted by law or regulation or any applicable confidentiality agreement)
deliver to the other party copies of all such reports promptly after the same
are filed. Subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of
information, each of the Company and Parent shall have the right to review in
advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult with the other, with
respect to all the information relating to the other party and each of their
respective Subsidiaries, which appears in any filings, announcements
or publications made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party
or any Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. In exercising the foregoing right, each of the parties
hereto agrees to act reasonably and as promptly as practicable. Each party
agrees that, to the extent practicable, it will consult with the other party
with respect to the obtaining of all permits, consents, approvals and
authorizations of all third parties and Governmental Entities necessary or
advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
each party will keep the other party apprised of the status of matters
relating to completion of the transactions contemplated hereby.   ARTICLE
IV.   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   4.1 Preparation of Proxy Statement; the
Company Shareholders Meeting.   (a) As soon as practicable following the
date of this Agreement, the Company and Parent shall prepare and file with
the SEC the Proxy Statement. Each of the Company and Parent shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to
the Company\'s shareholders as promptly as practicable.   (b) The Company
shall, as soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, duly
call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders (the
"Company Shareholders Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining shareholder
approval. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall (i) promptly
prepare and file with the SEC, use its commercially reasonable efforts to
have cleared by the SEC and thereafter mail to its shareholders as
promptly as practicable the Proxy Statement and all other proxy materials for
such meeting, (ii) use its commercially reasonable efforts (including
postponing or adjourning the Company Shareholders Meeting to obtain a quorum
or to solicit additional proxies) to obtain the necessary adoptions and
approvals by its shareholders of this Agreement and all the transactions
contemplated hereby and (iii) otherwise comply with all legal requirements
applicable to such meeting. The Proxy Statement shall contain the Company
Recommendation (as hereinafter defined).   (c) Subject to Section 4.4(b),
the Company shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend to its
shareholders that they approve the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (the "Company Recommendation"); provided, however, that except
in   -25-   connection with an Acquisition Proposal, in which case the
provisions of Section 4.4(b) shall apply, the Board of Directors may
withdraw, modify or change the Company Recommendation and shall be released
of its obligations set forth above in Section 4.1(b)(iii) if it (A)
determines in good faith, based upon the advice of outside counsel, that
making the Company Recommendation, or the failure to so withdraw, modify or
change the Company Recommendation, could reasonably be deemed to cause the
members of the Board of Directors to breach their fiduciary duties under
applicable law, (B) otherwise complies with this Agreement and (C) subject to
compliance with applicable securities laws, gives Parent (x) notice of its
decision to invoke this Section 4.1(c), including the reasons for
its decision, and (y) a reasonable opportunity to discuss this decision with
the Board of Directors.   (d) Subject to Section 4.4(b) and notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, (i) the obligation of
the Company to call, give notice of, convene and hold the Company
Shareholders Meeting and to hold a vote of the Company\'s shareholders on
this Agreement and the Merger at the Company Shareholders Meeting shall not
be limited or otherwise affected by the commencement, disclosure,
announcement or submission to it of any Acquisition Proposal (whether or not
it is a Superior Proposal), or by any withdrawal, modification or change in
the Company Recommendation and (ii) in any case in which the Company
withholds or withdraws the Company Recommendation pursuant to Section 4.1(c),
the Company shall submit this Agreement and the Merger to a vote of its
shareholders. The Company agrees that, except in accordance with Section 4.4,
it shall not submit to the vote of its shareholders any Acquisition Proposal
(whether or not a Superior Proposal) or propose to do so.   (e) At Parent\'s
option, this Agreement and the Merger may be approved by an irrevocable
written consent executed by the holders of the requisite number of shares of
Company Common Stock. Parent may deliver, or cause to be delivered, such
written consent to the Company only on or after the twentieth (20th) calendar
day from and after the date hereof (for avoidance of doubt, the date of this
Agreement shall be deemed to be the first day for the purposes of determining
such twentieth (20th) calendar day); provided, however, that (i) no such
written consent may provide for such consent to be effective prior to
such twentieth (20th) calendar day and (ii) no such written consent shall
be effective if this Agreement is terminated prior to such twentieth (20th)
day. In the event that Parent elects to obtain such a written consent in lieu
of obtaining shareholder approval at the Company Shareholders Meeting, the
Company shall prepare, file with the SEC and transmit to the holders of
Company Common Stock a preliminary information statement of the Company
relating to the Merger in accordance with Regulation 14C promulgated under
the Exchange Act. At Parent\'s reasonable request, confirmed by
communications between the Company and such shareholders, the Company shall
prepare, file and transmit such information statement in accordance with the
foregoing sentence prior to the delivery of such written consent to the
Company.   4.2 Access to Information. Upon reasonable notice, the Company
shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries, to the extent permitted by the
Organizational Documents or   -26-   other pertinent agreements of such
entity, to) afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel,
financial advisors and other representatives of Parent reasonable access
during normal business hours, during the period prior to the Effective Time,
to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments and records and its
officers, employees and representatives, and, during such period, the Company
shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries, to the extent permitted by the
Organizational Documents or other pertinent agreements of such entity, to)
furnish promptly to Parent (a) a copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement and other document filed, published, announced or received by it
during such period pursuant to the requirements of Federal or state
securities laws, as applicable (other than reports or documents which
such party is not permitted to disclose under applicable law) and (b)
consistent with its legal obligations, all other information concerning its
business, properties and personnel as the other party may reasonably request;
provided, however, the Company may restrict the foregoing access to the
extent that (i) a Governmental Entity requires such party or any of its
Subsidiaries to restrict access to any properties or information reasonably
related to any such contract on the basis of applicable laws and regulations
or (ii) any law, treaty, rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity
applicable to such party or any of its Subsidiaries requires such party or
any of its Subsidiaries to restrict access to any properties or information.
Such information shall be held in confidence to the extent required by, and
in accordance with, the provisions of the letter (the "Confidentiality
Agreement") dated July 22, 2004, between the Company and Parent, which
Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.   4.3
Approvals and Consents; Cooperation. Each of the Company and Parent shall
cooperate with each other and use (and shall cause their
respective Subsidiaries to use) its commercially reasonable efforts to take
or cause to be taken all actions, and do or cause to be done all things,
necessary, proper or advisable on their part under this Agreement and
applicable laws to consummate and make effective the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as practicable, including
(i) preparing and filing as promptly as practicable all documentation to
effect all necessary applications, notices, petitions, filings, tax ruling
requests and other documents and to obtain as promptly as practicable all
consents, waivers, licenses, orders, registrations, approvals, permits, tax
rulings and authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained from any
third party and/or any Governmental Entity in order to consummate the Merger
or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii)
taking reasonable steps as may be necessary to obtain all such consents,
waivers, licenses, registrations, permits, authorizations, tax rulings,
orders and approvals. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each
of the Company and Parent agrees to make all necessary filings in connection
with the Required Regulatory Approvals as promptly as practicable after the
date of this Agreement, and to use its reasonable efforts to furnish or cause
to be furnished, as promptly as practicable, all information and documents
requested with respect to such Required Regulatory Approvals and
shall otherwise cooperate with the applicable Governmental Entity in order to
obtain any Required Regulatory Approvals in as expeditious a manner as
possible. Each of the Company and Parent shall use its reasonable efforts to
resolve such objections, if any, as any   -27-   Governmental Entity may
assert with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby in connection with the Required Regulatory Approvals. In the event
that a suit is instituted by a Person or Governmental Entity challenging this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as violative of applicable
antitrust or competition laws, each of the Company and Parent shall use its
reasonable efforts to resist or resolve such suit. The Company and Parent
each shall, upon request by the other, furnish the other with all information
concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, directors, officers and shareholders and
such other matters as may reasonably be necessary or advisable in connection
with the Proxy Statement and any other statement, filing, tax ruling request,
notice or application made by or on behalf of the Company, Parent or any of
their respective Subsidiaries to any third party and/or any Governmental
Entity in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, Parent shall not be required to agree or to cause any of its
affiliates to agree, and the Company shall not agree without
Parent\'s consent, to waive any substantial rights or to accept any
substantial limitation on its operations or to dispose of any significant
assets in connection with obtaining any consent or authorization under
applicable antitrust or competition laws.   4.4 Acquisition Proposals.  
(a) At any time prior to obtaining the approval of Company shareholders as
provided in Section 4.1 ("Shareholder Approval"), neither the Company\'s
Board of Directors nor a special committee thereof may, directly or
indirectly through advisors, agents or other intermediaries, (i) initiate,
solicit, encourage or intentionally and knowingly facilitate any inquiries
with respect to, or the making of, any Acquisition Proposal, or engage in
negotiations or discussions with any Third Party that has made an Acquisition
Proposal, or (ii) furnish to any Third Party in connection with a potential
Acquisition Proposal nonpublic information relating to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries; provided, however, that the Company may provide nonpublic
information to a Third Party and may engage in negotiations or discussions
with a Third Party in connection with a potential Acquisition Proposal if (1)
such Third Party reasonably appears to have, or to have the ability to
obtain, adequate funding to effect a Superior Proposal, (2) such Third Party
enters into a confidentiality agreement with terms no less favorable to the
Company than the Confidentiality Agreement, (3) the Board of Directors
determines in good faith after consultation with outside legal counsel and
outside financial advisors that the failure to take such action would be
reasonably likely to constitute a breach of the Board of Director\'s
fiduciary duties under applicable law and (4) the Company simultaneously
provides to Parent (x) copies of such nonpublic information provided to such
Third Party and not previously provided to Parent (for avoidance of doubt, it
being understood that non-public information provided to such Third Party in
a different form or format as such information has been provided to Parent
shall be deemed, for purposes of this Section 4.4(a), to have not been
previously provided to Parent) and (y) a list of such nonpublic information
previously provided to Parent that has been provided to such Third Party.
Except as expressly permitted by Section 4.4(b),   -28-   neither the
Company\'s Board of Directors nor a special committee thereof shall (i)
approve or cause or permit the Company or any Company Subsidiary to
enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, definitive agreement
or similar agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement) constituting
or relating to, or which is intended to or is reasonably likely to lead to,
an Acquisition Proposal (an "Acquisition Agreement"), (ii) approve or
recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Agreement or
Acquisition Proposal or (iii) agree or resolve to take actions set forth in
clauses (i) or (ii) of this sentence. The Company agrees that it will
immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any Third Party conducted heretofore with
respect to any Acquisition Proposal. The Company agrees that it will take the
necessary steps to promptly inform the officers, directors, employees and
representatives of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries of the obligation
undertaken in the foregoing sentence, and shall promptly request the return
or destruction of all information and materials provided to any Third Party
prior to the date hereof by the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or any of
their representatives with respect to the consideration or making of any
Acquisition Proposal.   (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, at any time
prior to obtaining Shareholder Approval, the Company receives a Superior
Proposal, the Board of Directors or a special committee thereof (or the
Company at the direction of the Board of Directors or a special committee
thereof) may, during such period, in response to such Superior Proposal, (i)
approve or cause the Company to enter into an Acquisition Agreement with
respect to such Superior Proposal, (ii) recommend such Superior Proposal to
the Company\'s shareholders, (iii) withdraw, modify or refrain from making
its recommendation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
(iv) terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 6.1(h), in each case
if the Board of Directors determines in good faith after consultation with
outside legal counsel and outside financial advisors that such action or
omission to act is necessary in order for the Company\'s directors to comply
with their respective fiduciary duties under applicable law; provided, that
the Company shall (x) provide Parent written notice of the Company\'s receipt
of a Superior Proposal (specifying the financial and other material terms and
conditions of such Superior Proposal) together with the Company\'s intention
to execute or enter into an Acquisition Agreement with respect to such
Superior Proposal (a "Notice of Superior Proposal") at least five (5)
Business Days prior to the taking of any such actions in subsections (i)
through (iv) above (it being understood that any amendment to the price
or material terms of a Superior Proposal shall require an additional Notice
of Superior Proposal and an additional three (3) Business Day period
thereafter to the extent permitted under applicable law) and Parent has not
proposed adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement which
would cause the relevant Acquisition Proposal to no longer be a Superior
Proposal and (y) pay to Parent prior to or within two (2) Business Days
following any such termination of this Agreement, the Termination Fee and
Rothschild Termination Fee.   (c) In addition to the obligations of the
Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.4, the Company
promptly, and in any event within twenty-four   -29-   (24) hours, shall
(i) advise Parent in writing of receipt by it (or any
Company Representatives) of any Acquisition Proposal and (ii) notify Parent
after receipt of any request for nonpublic information relating to the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries or for access to the Company\'s or any of
the Subsidiaries\' properties, books or records by any Person that may be
considering making, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal, identifying such
Person and the information requested by such Person, and provide Parent
access to any nonpublic information that is given to such Person pursuant to
Section 4.4(a). The Company shall provide to Parent as promptly as
practicable any applicable written agreement that describes any of the terms
or conditions of any Acquisition Proposal, and shall otherwise keep Parent
promptly informed of the status and terms of any Acquisition Proposal,
including by providing a copy of all material documentation and
correspondence relating thereto.   (d) Nothing contained within this Section
4.4 shall prevent the Board of Directors or the Special Committee from
complying with Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act with regard to any
Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that in complying with such rule,
the Company shall honor the provisions of Section 4.4(b).   4.5 Employee
Benefits.   (a) Subject to subparagraph 4.5(c) below, for a period of two
years immediately following the Closing Date (or, if earlier, the last day of
the calendar year following the year in which the Closing occurs), Parent
shall or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect employee
benefit plans and arrangements which provide substantially equivalent
employee benefits, in the aggregate, as provided by the Company Benefit Plans
(not taking into account any such plans which are equity based), and the
employees of the Company who remain employees of the Surviving Corporation
shall receive such benefits.   (b) For purposes of determining eligibility
to participate, vesting and accrual or entitlement to benefits (but not for
benefit accrual under any pension plan) where length of service is relevant
under any employee benefit plan or arrangement of Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or any of their respective affiliates, employees of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries as of the Effective Time shall receive service
credit for service with the Company and the Company Subsidiaries to the same
extent such service credit was granted under the Company Benefit Plans,
subject to offsets for previously accrued benefits and no duplication of
benefits.   (c) Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to assume and
honor in accordance with their terms all Company Benefit Plans, and to pay
the employee bonuses granted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors in accordance with Section 3.1 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   (d) With respect to matters described in this Section 4.5
relating to benefits or compensation to be provided after the Closing Date,
the Company will to the extent   -30-   permitted by applicable Law
provide Parent with copies of any broad-based notices or other communication
materials of a general nature prior to sending them.   (e) Prior to the
Closing, to the extent permitted by applicable Law and the terms of the
applicable plan or arrangement, the Company shall cause to be amended the
employee benefit plans and arrangements of it and the Company Subsidiaries to
the extent necessary to provide that no employees of Parent and its
subsidiaries shall commence to participate therein following the
Effective Time unless the Surviving Corporation or such subsidiary explicitly
authorizes such participation. In addition, prior to the Closing, to the
extent permitted by applicable Law and the terms of the applicable plan or
arrangement, Parent shall cause to be amended the employee benefit plans and
arrangements of it and its subsidiaries to the extent necessary to provide
that no employees of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries shall commence
participation therein following the Effective Time unless Parent or such
subsidiary of Parent explicitly authorizes such participation.   4.6 Fees
and Expenses. Whether or not the Merger is consummated, all Expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be paid by the party incurring such Expenses, except (a) if the Merger
is consummated, the Surviving Corporation shall pay, or cause to be paid, any
and all property or transfer taxes imposed on the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries and any real property transfer tax resulting from the Merger
that is imposed on any holder of Company Common Stock, (b) the
Expenses incurred from and after the date hereof in connection with the
printing, filing and mailing to shareholders of the Proxy Statement shall be
shared equally by the Company and Parent unless the Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Section 6.1(d) or (f) in which case the Company shall pay all
such fees or unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 6.1(g)
in which case Parent shall pay all such fees and (c) as provided in Section
6.2. As used in this Agreement, "Expenses" includes all out-of-pocket
expenses (including, without limitation, all fees and expenses of counsel,
accountants, investment bankers, experts and consultants to a party hereto
and its affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection with
or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution and
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Proxy
Statement and the solicitation of shareholder approvals and all other matters
related to the transaction contemplated hereby.   4.7 Indemnification;
Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance. Parent and the Surviving Corporation
shall cause to be maintained in effect, with respect to claims arising from
facts or events that occurred on or before the Effective Time, (i) for a
period of six years after the Effective Time, the current provisions
regarding indemnification of current or former officers and directors (each
an "Indemnified Party") contained in the Organizational Documents of
the Company or the Company Subsidiaries and in any agreements between an
Indemnified Party and the Company or the Company Subsidiaries and (ii) for a
period of six years, the current policies of directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by the
Company, so long as the   -31-   annual premium therefor does not exceed
150% of the last annual premium paid prior to the date hereof (provided that
Parent or the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies of at
least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which
are, in the aggregate, no less advantageous to the insured); provided, that
if such current policies expire, are terminated or are cancelled during such
six-year period, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain as much directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance and fiduciary liability insurance as can be obtained for the
remainder of such period for a premium not in excess (on an annualized basis)
of 150% of the last annual premium paid prior to the date hereof. This
covenant is intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by,
each of the Indemnified Parties and their respective heirs and legal
representatives. For a period of six years after the Effective Time, Parent
and the Surviving Corporation shall indemnify the Indemnified Parties to the
same extent as such Indemnified Parties are entitled to indemnification
pursuant to clause (i) of the first sentence of this Section 4.7.   4.8
Wine Club. Following the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Company to
provide a one-time wine dividend as well as wine club benefits, to the
beneficial owners of the shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior
to the Effective Time as described on Schedule 4.8 hereto.   4.9 Public
Announcements. The Company and Parent shall use reasonable efforts to develop
a joint communications plan and each party shall use reasonable efforts (i)
to ensure that all press releases and other public statements with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consistent with such joint
communications plan, and (ii) unless otherwise required by applicable law or
by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with or rules of any
securities exchange, to consult with each other before issuing any press
release or otherwise making any public statement with respect to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.   4.10 Distributor
Notice. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company will give notice to its
distributors and brokers with respect to the distribution of its products.
Such notice shall be in a form mutually and reasonably acceptable to the
Company and Parent.   4.11 Intellectual Property Liens. Promptly after the
date hereof and in any event prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall,
and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable
efforts to extinguish the Liens set forth on Schedule 4.11.   4.12 Certain
Transactions with Affiliates. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any oral agreements, contracts,
licenses and other commitments with any affiliate of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to be converted, on substantially the same terms, into
written agreements, contracts, licenses or other commitments.   -32-   
4.13 Rothschild Termination Fee. Within two (2) Business Days after the date
hereof, Parent shall pay or cause to be paid to Rothschild on the
Company\'s behalf a cash fee of $2,475,000 in accordance with Section 6.2(b)
of the Rothschild Agreement.   4.14 Rothschild Voting Agreement. At a
Company Shareholders Meeting called pursuant to Section 4.1(b), the Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce its rights under Section
6.2(c) of the Rothschild Agreement in the form executed and delivered on
October 30, 2004.   4.15 Financial Capability. From and after the date
hereof until the Merger Consideration and the Option Consideration is paid
pursuant hereto, Parent and Merger Sub shall continue to have the financial
ability to perform their respective obligations hereunder.   4.16 Further
Assurances. In case at any time after the Effective Time any further action
is reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the
proper officers of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall take any such
reasonably necessary action.   ARTICLE V.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   5.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The obligations
of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:   (a) Shareholder Approval. The Company shall have received the
approval of the principal terms of the Merger by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock. If such approval
shall be in the form of a written consent of holders of Company Common Stock,
then such written consent shall be subject to Section 4.1(e) and shall have
become effective in accordance with the CGCL and at least twenty (20)
calendar days shall have passed since the distribution of any information
statement required in connection with such written consent pursuant to
Regulation 14C promulgated under the Exchange Act.   (b) HSR Act. The
waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the
HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired.   (c) No
Injunctions or Restraints, Illegality. No temporary restraining order,
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by a court or other
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall be in effect and have the
effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation
of the Merger and no Governmental Entity shall have threatened to institute
a proceeding that the parties hereto reasonably determine is likely to result
in such an injunction or order; provided, however, that the provisions of
this Section 5.1(c) shall not be available to any party whose failure  
-33-   to fulfill its obligations pursuant to Section 4.3 shall have been
the cause of, or shall have resulted in, such order or injunction.   (d)
Required Regulatory Approvals. All authorizations, consents, orders and
approvals of, and declarations and filings with, and all expirations
of waiting periods imposed by, any Governmental Entity which, if not obtained
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company (collectively, "Required Regulatory Approvals") shall have been
obtained, have been declared or filed or have occurred, as the case may be,
and all such Required Regulatory Approvals shall be in full force and
effect.   5.2 Additional Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub.
The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject to
the satisfaction of, or waiver by Parent on or prior to the Closing Date of,
the following additional conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.
Each of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this
Agreement shall have been true and correct when made and shall be true and
correct on and as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of such date
(other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a
certain date which shall be true and correct as of such certain date), except
where the failures of such representations and warranties to be so true and
correct could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company; provided, that for purposes of this
Section 5.2(a) any qualifications as to materiality or Material Adverse
Effect included in such representation and warranty shall be disregarded for
purposes of determining whether such representation or warranty has
been breached.   (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company
shall have performed or complied with all agreements and covenants required
to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date
that are qualified as to materiality and shall have performed or complied in
all material respects with all other agreements and covenants required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date that are
not so qualified as to materiality.   5.3 Additional Conditions to
Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction of, or waiver by the Company on or
prior to the Closing Date of, the following additional conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of
Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement shall have been true and
correct when made and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date
as if made on and as of such date (other than representations and warranties
which address matters only as of a certain date which shall be true and
correct as of such certain date), except where the failures of
such representations and warranties to be so true and correct could  
-34-   not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company; provided, that for purposes of this Section
5.3(a) any qualifications as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect
included in such representation and warranty shall be disregarded for
purposes of determining whether such representation or warranty has been
breached.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent. Parent shall have
performed or complied with all agreements and covenants required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date that are
qualified as to materiality and shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all other agreements and covenants required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date that are
not so qualified as to materiality.   ARTICLE VI.   TERMINATION AND
AMENDMENT   6.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time
prior to the Effective Time, by action taken or authorized by the Board of
Directors of the terminating party or parties, whether before or after
approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
shareholders of the Company or the Parent, as the case may be:   (a) By
mutual written consent of Parent and the Company, by action of their
respective Boards of Directors;   (b) By either the Company or Parent if the
Merger shall not have been consummated by June 30, 2005 (the "Outside Date");
provided that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 6.1(b)
shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation
under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of
the Merger to occur on or before such date;   (c) By either the Company or
Parent if any Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, decree or
ruling or taken any other action (which order, decree, ruling or other action
the parties shall have used their reasonable efforts to resist, resolve or
lift, as applicable, subject to the provisions of Section 4.3) permanently
restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have
become final and nonappealable;   (d) By Parent if (i) the Board of
Directors shall have withdrawn or materially and adversely modified its
recommendation of the Merger or this Agreement or fails to re-confirm such
recommendation if requested by Parent within the ten (10) Business Days
following such request or if the Board of Directors resolves to take any of
the foregoing actions; (ii) the Board of Directors shall have recommended to
the shareholders of the Company that they approve an Acquisition Proposal
other than the Merger contemplated by this Agreement; or (iii) a tender offer
or exchange offer that, if   -35-   successful, would result in any
Person or "group" becoming a "beneficial owner" (such terms having the
meaning in this Agreement as is ascribed under Regulation 13D under the
Exchange Act) of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock is commenced (other than by Parent or an affiliate of Parent) and the
Board of Directors recommends that the shareholders of the Company
tender their shares in such tender or exchange offer or fails to recommend
against or takes a neutral position with respect to a tender or exchange
offer related to an Acquisition Proposal, or resolves to take any such
actions, whether or not, in each case, such action or failure to act is
consistent with the terms hereof;   (e) By either Parent or the Company if
the approval by the shareholders of the Company required by the Company\'s
Organizational Documents, law or this Agreement for the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby shall not have been
obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at a duly held
meeting of shareholders or at any adjournment thereof or pursuant to a
written consent;   (f) By Parent, (i) upon one or more breaches of any
covenants or agreements on the part of the Company set forth in this
Agreement, except where such breach or breaches could not, in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect of the Company or
(ii) if any representation or warranty of the Company shall have become
untrue or incorrect such that the condition set forth in Section 5.2(a) would
not be satisfied (each of such breach or breaches described in clause (i) and
(ii), a "Terminating Company Breach"); provided, however, that, if such
Terminating Company Breach is capable of being cured by the Company prior to
the Outside Date through the exercise of its best efforts and for so long as
the Company continues to exercise such best efforts, Parent may not terminate
this Agreement under this Section 6.1(f);   (g) By the Company, (i) upon one
or more breaches of any covenants or agreements on the part of Parent or
Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement, except where such breach or breaches
could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect of the Company or (ii) if any representation or warranty of
Parent or Merger Sub shall have become untrue or incorrect such that the
condition set forth in Section 5.3(a) would not be satisfied (each of such
breach or breaches described in clause (i) and (ii), "Terminating Parent
Breach"); provided, however, that, if such Terminating Parent Breach is
capable of being cured by Parent prior to the Outside Date through the
exercise of best efforts, and so long as Parent continues to exercise such
best efforts, the Company may not terminate this Agreement under this Section
6.1(g); or   (h) By the Company, if permitted by, and in compliance with,
Section 4.4(b).   6.2 Effect of Termination.   (a) In the event of
termination of this Agreement by either the Company or Parent as provided in
Section 6.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability or obligation on the part of Parent or the Company or their
respective officers or directors except (i) with respect to Section 4.6, this
Section 6.2 and Article VII   -36-   and (ii) with respect to any
liabilities or damages incurred or suffered by a party as a result of the
willful breach by the other party of any of its covenants, representations
and warranties, or other agreements set forth in this Agreement.   (b) The
Company shall pay Parent a cash fee of $7,800,000 (the "Termination Fee") if
this Agreement is terminated as follows:   (i) If Parent shall terminate
this Agreement pursuant to  Section 6.1(d) or if the Company shall terminate
this Agreement  pursuant to Section 6.1(h);   (ii) If (A) either party
shall terminate this Agreement  pursuant to Section 6.1(e), (B) at any time
after the date of this  Agreement and at or before the date of the Company
Shareholders Meeting  (or the date a written consent in lieu of the Company
Shareholders  Meeting becomes effective) an Acquisition Proposal shall have
been  publicly announced or otherwise communicated, directly or indirectly, 
to the Company or the Board of Directors, and (C) within twelve (12)  months
after the date of such termination, the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries
either (x) enters into any definitive agreement with  respect to any
Acquisition Proposal, or (y) consummates any Acquisition  Proposal;   (iii)
If (A) either party shall terminate this Agreement  pursuant to Section
6.1(b) or Parent terminates this Agreement pursuant  to Section 6.1(f), (B)
at any time after the date of this Agreement and  before such termination an
Acquisition Proposal shall have been  publicly announced or otherwise
communicated, directly or indirectly,  to the Company or the Board of
Directors, (C) following the occurrence  of the announcement or communication
of such Acquisition Proposal, the  Company shall have intentionally breached
(and not cured after notice  thereof) any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or  agreements set forth in this Agreement such that a Terminating
Company  Breach shall have occurred and (D) within twelve (12) months after
the  date of such termination, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
either  (x) enters into any definitive agreement with respect to any 
Acquisition Proposal, or (y) consummates any Acquisition Proposal;   (c) The
Company shall reimburse or cause to be reimbursed to Parent a cash amount of
$2,475,000, representing amounts paid by Parent to Rothschild on the
Company\'s behalf in accordance with Section 6.2(b) of the
Rothschild Agreement, plus interest thereon at the prime lending rate
prevailing at such time, as published in the Wall Street Journal, from the
date hereof until the date of reimbursement pursuant to this Section 6.2(c)
(the "Rothschild Termination Fee") if the Company is required to pay Parent
the Termination Fee pursuant to Section 6.2(b).   (d) The Termination Fee
and the Rothschild Termination Fee, if payable under this Section 6.2, shall
be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds no later than two
Business Days after termination, if the Termination Fee is payable  
-37-   pursuant to Section 6.2(b)(i), or after the date on which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries enters into any definitive agreement with
respect to, or consummates, any Acquisition Proposal, if the Termination Fee
is payable pursuant to Sections 6.2(b)(ii) or 6.2(b)(iii). The Company
acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 6.2(d) are an
integral part of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, and that,
without these agreements, the Parent and Merger Sub would not enter into this
Agreement. If the Company fails to pay all amounts due to Parent under this
Section 6.2 on the dates specified, then the Company shall pay all reasonable
costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) incurred by
Parent in connection with any action or proceeding (including the filing of
any lawsuit) taken by it to collect such unpaid amounts, together with
interest on such unpaid amounts at the prime lending rate prevailing at such
time, as published in the Wall Street Journal, from the date such amounts
were required to be paid until the date actually received by Parent.   6.3
Amendment. Notwithstanding Section 7.5(b), any provisions of this Agreement
may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their
respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after approval of the
matters presented in connection with the Merger by the shareholders of
the Company, but, after any such approval, no amendment shall be made which
by law or in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq requires further approval by
such shareholders without such further approval. This Agreement may not be
amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties hereto.   6.4 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective
Boards of Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the time
for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other
parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and
(iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained
herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or
waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on
behalf of such party. No delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any waiver on the part of any party hereto of any right, power or
privilege hereunder operate as a waiver of any other right, power or
privilege hereunder, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. Unless
otherwise provided, the rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative
and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies which the parties hereto may
otherwise have at law or in equity. The failure of any party to this
Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of those rights.   -38-    ARTICLE VII.  
GENERAL PROVISIONS   7.1 Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and
Agreements; No Other Representations and Warranties. None of the
representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements in this Agreement
or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement, including any
rights arising out of any breach of such representations, warranties,
covenants and other agreements, shall survive the Effective Time, except for
those covenants and agreements contained herein and therein that by their
terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Effective
Time and this Article VII. Each party hereto agrees that, except for the
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, none of the
Company, Parent or Merger Sub makes any other representations or warranties,
and each hereby disclaims any other representations and warranties made by
itself or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, financial and
legal advisors or other representatives, with respect to the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, the documents and the instruments referred
to herein, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to the other party or the other
party\'s representatives of any documentation or other information with
respect to any one or more of the foregoing.   7.2 Notices. All notices and
other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly
given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (b) on the first
Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered by a nationally
recognized next-day courier service or (c) if sent by facsimile transmission,
with a copy mailed on the same day in the manner provided in (a) or (b)
above, when transmitted and receipt is confirmed by telephone. All notices
hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other
instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such
notice:   (a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to Diageo North America, Inc.,
Six Landmark Square, Stamford, Connecticut, 06801, Attention: John Blood,
Facsimile No.: 203-359-7192, E-mail: john.blood@Diageo.com with a copy to
Sullivan and Cromwell LLP, 125 Broad Street, New York, New York 10004-2498,
Attention: Frank Aquila, Facsimile No.: 212-558-3588, E-mail:
aquilaf@sullcrom.com; and   (b) if to the Company, The Chalone Wine Group
Ltd., 621 Airpark Road, Napa, CA 94558, Attention: Mr. Thomas Selfridge,
President and Chief Executive Officer, Facsimile No.: (707) 254-4204, with a
copy to Latham and Watkins, 135 Commonwealth Drive, Menlo Park, CA 94025,
Attention: Christopher L. Kaufman, Facsimile No.: (650) 463-2600, E-mail:
christopher.kaufman@lw.com.   7.3 Interpretation. When a reference is made
in this Agreement to Sections or Schedules, such reference shall be to a
Section of or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
table of contents, glossary of defined terms and headings  
-39-   contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation." The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and
drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent
or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted
jointly by the parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the
provisions of this Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state, local or
foreign statute or law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the content requires otherwise. It
is understood and agreed that neither the specifications of any dollar amount
in this Agreement nor the inclusion of any specific item in the Schedules is
intended to imply that such amounts or higher or lower amounts, or the items
so included or other items, are or are not material, and neither party shall
use the fact of setting of such amounts or the fact of the inclusion of such
item in the Schedules in any dispute or controversy between the parties as to
whether any obligation, item or matter is or is not material for purposes
hereof.   7.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been
signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party, it being
understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart.   7.5
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries.   (a) This Agreement
(including the Schedules) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than the Confidentiality
Agreement, which shall survive the execution and delivery of this
Agreement.   (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to
the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right,
benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement, other than Sections 4.7 and 4.8 (which are intended to be for the
benefit of the Persons covered thereby and may be enforced by such
Persons).   7.6 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California, without regard to the laws that might be applicable under
conflicts of laws principles. The parties hereto agree that any suit, action
or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter
arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be brought in any federal court located in the
Northern District of the State of California or any California state court
located in San Francisco,   -40-   California, and each of the parties
hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the
appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or
proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of
any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit,
action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be
served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without
the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each
party agrees that service of process on such party as provided in Section 7.2
shall be deemed effective service of process on such party.   7.7
Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other
terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in
full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially
adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect
the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable
manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as
originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. Any provision of
this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part, degree or certain
jurisdictions will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held
invalid or unenforceable. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each
party waives any provision of law which renders any provision of this
Agreement invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect.   7.8
Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto,
in whole or in part (whether by operation of law or otherwise), without the
prior written consent of the other parties, and any attempt to make any
such assignment without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit
of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.   7.9 Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly agreed
that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms
hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled
at law or in equity.   7.10 Definitions. As used in this Agreement:   (a)
"Acquisition Proposal" means, other than the transactions involving Parent
and/or Merger Sub contemplated by this Agreement, any offer, proposal
or inquiry relating to, or any Third Party indication of interest in, (A)
any acquisition or purchase,   -41-   direct or indirect, of 20% or more
of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries or over 20% of
any class of equity or voting securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute more
than 20% of the consolidated assets of the Company, (B) any tender offer
(including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer that, if consummated, would
result in such Third Party\'s beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of
equity or voting securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose
assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute more than 20% of the
consolidated assets of the Company or (C) a merger, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, sale of substantially all the assets,
reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar
transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose assets,
individually or in the aggregate, constitute more than 20% of
the consolidated assets of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes
of Sections 6.2(b) and 6.2(d), all references in this definition to 20%
shall instead be deemed to be to 35%.   (b) "Board of Directors" means the
Board of Directors of any specified Person and any properly serving and
acting committees thereof.   (c) "Business Day" means any day on which banks
are not required to open or authorized to close in the City of New York.  
(d) "Company Representatives" any of the Company\'s or the
Company\'s Subsidiaries\' officers, directors, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants, consultants or other agents or advisors.   (e) "Company Stock
Option Plan" means The Chalone Wine Group, Ltd. 1997 Stock Option Plan, The
Chalone Wine Group, Ltd. 1988 Non-Discretionary Stock Option Plan and The
Chalone Wine Group, Ltd. 1987 Stock Option Plan.   (f) "Environmental Laws"
means any federal, state, provincial, local, municipal or foreign statute,
law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law and any
judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or
administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to the
environment, health, safety or any chemical, material or substance, exposure
to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any governmental
authority.   (g) "Intellectual Property" means United States and foreign
trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, domain names, logos,
business and product names, slogans and other indicia of origin, including
registrations and applications to register or renew the registration of any
of the foregoing, and all material goodwill associated with and symbolized
thereby; copyrights and registrations, applications, or renewals thereof;
inventions and discoveries, whether patentable or not, and all United States
and foreign letters patent registrations, invention disclosures and patent
applications, including all reissues, continuations, divisions,
continuations-in-part or renewals or extensions thereof, material
confidential information, trade secrets and know-how; and all other
intellectual property or proprietary rights.   -42-    (h) "Knowledge"
with respect to a Person means the actual knowledge, after due inquiry, of
the officers of such Person.   (i) "Material Adverse Effect" means, with
respect to any entity, any adverse change, circumstance or effect (an
"Effect") that, individually or in the aggregate with all other Effects, is
or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, operations,
assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of such
entity and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided, however, that in no
event shall any of the following be deemed to constitute a Material Adverse
Effect: (A) any Effect affecting any of the industries in which such entity
operates generally or affecting the economy generally (to the extent that
such Effects do not disproportionately affect such entity, taken as a whole
with its Subsidiaries, as compared to other companies in such industries);
(B) any change in such entity\'s stock price or trading volume; provided,
however, that clause (B) shall not exclude any underlying Effect which may
have caused such change in stock price or trading volume; or (C) any Effect
resulting from the announcement or pendency of the Merger.   (j)
"Organizational Documents" means, with respect to any entity, the articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents of such entity.   (k)
"Permitted Liens" means (a) liens and encumbrances contained in the Company
SEC Reports (including the notes thereto), (b) liens and
encumbrances consisting of zoning or planning restrictions, easements,
permits and other restrictions or limitations on the use of real property or
irregularities in title thereto that do not materially detract from the value
of, or materially impair the use of, such property by the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries in the operation of their respective business, (c)
liens and encumbrances of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, suppliers,
materialmen or repairmen arising in the ordinary course of business, or (d)
interests of the lessor to any leased property.   (l) "Person" means an
individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company association,
trust, unincorporated organization, entity or group (as defined in the
Exchange Act).   (m) "Registered" means issued by, registered with, renewed
by or the subject of a pending application before any Governmental Entity or
Internet domain name registrar.   (n) "Subsidiary" when used with respect
to any party means any corporation or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated, (i) of which such party or any other
Subsidiary of such party is a general partner (excluding partnerships, the
general partnership interests of which held by such party or any Subsidiary
of such party do not have a majority of the voting and economic interests in
such partnership) or (ii) at least a majority of the securities or other
interests of which having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a
majority of the Board of Directors or others performing similar functions
with respect to such corporation or other organization is directly
or indirectly   -43-   owned or controlled by such party or by any one
or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and one or more of its
Subsidiaries. For purposes of Article II, Edna Valley Vineyards shall be
considered as a Subsidiary of the Company.   (o) "Superior Proposal" means
any bona fide written Acquisition Proposal for at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock on terms that a majority of the
entire Board of Directors determines in good faith, after considering the
advice of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and its
legal counsel, and taking into account all the terms and conditions of the
Acquisition Proposal, including any break-up fees, expense reimbursement
provisions and conditions to consummation, are more favorable and provide
greater value to all the Company\'s shareholders than as provided hereunder,
are reasonably capable of being completed on the terms proposed and for which
the Board of Directors has reasonably determined, based on either a good
faith review of the offeror\'s balance sheet or a commitment letter from a
reputable bank or other financial institution, that adequate funding is
available and that all government approvals required in connection therewith
will be granted.   (p) (i) "Tax" (including, with correlative meaning, the
term "Taxes") means all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits,
franchise, gross receipts, environmental, customs duty, capital stock,
severance, stamp, payroll, sales, employment, unemployment disability, use,
property, withholding, excise, production, value added, occupancy and other
taxes, duties or assessments of any nature whatsoever, together with all
interest, penalties, fines and additions to tax imposed with respect to such
amounts and any interest in respect of such penalties and additions to tax,
whether disputed or not, and (ii) "Tax Return" means all returns and reports
(including elections, claims, declarations, disclosures, schedules,
estimates, computations and information returns) required to be supplied to a
Tax authority in any jurisdiction relating to Taxes.   (q) "the other
party" means, with respect to the Company, Parent and means, with respect to
Parent, the Company.   (r) "Third Party" means any person other than Parent
or any of its affiliates.   -44-    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, the
Company and Merger Sub have caused this Agreement to be signed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first
written above.   DIAGEO NORTH AMERICA, INC.,  a Connecticut corporation  
By: /s/ Ivan Menezes  ___________________________________  Name: Ivan
Menezes  Title: President and CEO   DOUBLE WINES, INC.,  a California
corporation   By: /s/ Dierdre Mahlan  ___________________________________ 
Name: Dierdre Mahlan  Title: Senior Vice President,  CFO and Treasurer  
THE CHALONE WINE GROUP, LTD.,  a California corporation   By: /s/ Thomas B.
Selfridge  ___________________________________  Name: Thomas B. Selfridge 
Title: Title:President and Chief  Executive Officer     SCHEDULE 4.8  
WINE CLUB DIVIDEND   Beneficial owners of shares of Company Common Stock
immediately prior to the Effective Date will be entitled for three months
following the Closing to enroll at no additional cost as members of a new
Founders Club, as it may be renamed by Parent or the Surviving Corporation
from time to time, and the shareholders will receive a one-time wine dividend
of $1.00 per share. This Founders Club membership and this one-time wine
dividend will not be transferable, and the wines purchased with this dividend
cannot be re-sold.   This wine dividend can be used through the Founders
Club to purchase wines at a 50% discount on all wine purchases up to an
amount equal to $1.00 per share. So if a shareholder had 500 shares on the
Closing Date and enrolled in the Founders Club, the shareholder would receive
a $500.00 wine dividend that it could use to purchase $1,000.00 of wine at a
50% discount. This Founders Club wine dividend will remain valid for one year
from the Closing Date.   In addition to this wine dividend, subject to
applicable law, this Founders Club membership will give members 15 years
access to the following benefits:   1) The Annual Founders Celebration.
This will be an annual party where the Company will invite all Founders Club
members to one of the Company\'s wineries for a special and exclusive
celebration where the Company will introduce new vintages and new wines to
the members. This party will operate in a similar manner to Chalone\'s annual
shareholders party.   2) VIP Tours. Founders Club members will be able to
participate in special VIP tours and tastings with special access at each of
the Company\'s wineries. As part of the Founders Club, the Company will have
a Concierge so that members can have one central place to conveniently
schedule appointments at all wineries.   3) Founders Club Discount. As has
been the tradition, the Company will give the Founders Club members special
access to selections of its most exclusive wines and allocated bottlings.
This will be done in quarterly communications the Company will send to all
Founders Club members. Founders Club members will also receive Founders Club
discounted pricing on all these offerings. The special one-time wine dividend
can be used in connection with these discounted prices. For example if the
price of the wine selected by the Founders Club member was $75 after the
standard Founders Club discount, the Founders Club member could use $37.50 of
his or her one-time discount to purchase this wine and have to pay only
$37.50 in cash for the purchase.   4) Special Allocations. In addition,
Founders Club members who purchase at least $500.00 per year (net of the wine
dividend) from the Founders Club selections will qualify for special
allocations of the Company\'s most limited wines and unique sizes.    
The Founders Club will be subject to commercially reasonable
rules, restrictions and modifications adopted by the Company for all Founders
Club members.   -2-    '

