<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1 - STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 2.1

                                                            EXECUTION COPY

                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                                      AMONG

                            nSTOR TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                           PACIFIC USA HOLDINGS CORP.

                         PACIFIC TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.

                                       AND

                          STONEHOUSE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                  June 7, 2002


<PAGE> 2


                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

        THIS STOCK PURCHASE  AGREEMENT is entered into as of June 7, 2002 by and
among  nSTOR  TECHNOLOGIES,  INC.,  a  Delaware  company  ("Buyer"),  STONEHOUSE
TECHNOLOGIES,  INC., a Texas  corporation  (the "Company"),  PACIFIC  TECHNOLOGY
GROUP,  INC., a Nevada  corporation and the sole shareholder of the Company (the
"Shareholder")  and PACIFIC USA HOLDINGS  CORP.,  a Texas  corporation  and sole
shareholder of the Shareholder  ("Parent").  Buyer, the Company, the Shareholder
and Parent are referred to collectively herein as the "Parties."

        The  Shareholder  owns  all  of the  outstanding  capital  stock  of the
Company.

        This Agreement  contemplates the sale to Buyer by the Shareholder of all
of the issued and  outstanding  capital stock of the Company.  Shareholder  will
receive  capital  stock of Buyer in exchange for all shares of capital  stock of
the Company held by the Shareholder.

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises
herein  made,  and in  consideration  of the  representations,  warranties,  and
covenants herein contained, the Parties agree as follows.

1.      Definitions.

        "Adverse Consequences" means all actions, suits, proceedings,  hearings,
investigations,  charges, complaints,  claims, demands, injunctions,  judgments,
orders, decrees, rulings,  damages, dues, penalties,  fines, costs, amounts paid
in settlement,  Liabilities,  obligations,  Taxes, liens, losses,  expenses, and
fees, including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, and any
other cost of enforcing a Party's rights under this Agreement.

        "Affiliate"  has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the  regulations
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act.

        "Affiliated Group" means any affiliated group within the meaning of Code
Section 1504(a) or any similar group defined under a similar provision of state,
local or foreign law.

        "Agreement"  means  this  Stock  Purchase  Agreement  together  with all
exhibits and  schedules  referred to herein as may be amended,  supplemented  or
modified from time to time.

        "AMEX" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(m) below.

        "Applicable  Rate" means the  corporate  base rate of interest  publicly
announced from time to time by the Wall Street Journal.

        "Basis" means any past or present fact, situation, circumstance, status,
condition,  activity,  practice,  plan,  occurrence,  event,  incident,  action,
failure  to act,  or  transaction  that  forms or could  form the  basis for any
specified consequence.

        "Business" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(j)(ii) below.


<PAGE> 3


        "Buyer" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.

        "Buyer  Common  Stock" means the shares of the common  stock,  par value
$.05 per share, of Buyer.

        "Buyer  Financial  Statements"  has the  meaning  set  forth in  Section
3(b)(vii) below.

        "Buyer Most Recent  Balance  Sheet"  means the balance  sheet  contained
within the Buyer Most Recent Financial Statements.

        "Buyer Most  Recent  Financial  Statement"  has the meaning set forth in
Section 3(b)(vii) below.

        "Buyer  Most  Recent  Fiscal  Period  End" has the  meaning set forth in
Section 3(b)(vii) below.

        "Buyer Most Recent Fiscal Year End" has the meaning set forth in Section
3(b)(vii) below.

        "Buyer  Preferred  Stock"  means the shares of the Series L  Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share, of Buyer.

        "Buyer  Related Party and Buyer  Related  Parties" have the meanings set
forth in Section 3(b)(xviii) below.

        "Buyer Securities" has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a)(iii) below.

        "Certificate  of  Designation"  means the Certificate of Designation for
the Buyer Preferred Stock, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

        "Closing" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) below.

        "Closing Consideration" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) below.

        "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) below.

        "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

        "Common Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) below.

        "Company" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.

        "Company Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company,  par value
$.01 per share.

        "Company Financial Statements" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(g)
below.


<PAGE> 4


        "Company Most Recent  Balance  Sheet" means the balance sheet  contained
within the Company Most Recent Financial Statements.

        "Company Most Recent Financial  Statements" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4(g) below.

        "Company  Most  Recent  Fiscal  Period End" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4(g) below.

        "Company  Most  Recent  Fiscal  Year End" has the  meaning  set forth in
Section 4(g) below.

        "Company  Related Party" and "Company Related Parties" have the meanings
set forth in Section 4(bb) below.

        "Company Stock" means the Company Common Stock.

        "Consideration" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) below.

        "Controlled  Group of  Corporations"  has the  meaning set forth in Code
Section 1563.

        "Conversion Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) below.

        "Credit Lead Exchange" means a product that provides  financial entities
(primarily  those  engaged in  automobile  financing)  with the ability to add a
product offering (such as a credit card) to their loan  applications and thereby
potentially  generate  additional  revenues from their ordinary loan application
processes.

        "Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) below.

        "Earn Out  Consideration"  has the  meaning  set forth in  Section  2(b)
below.

        "Earn Out Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c)(i) below.

        "Employee Benefit Plan" means any (a) nonqualified deferred compensation
or retirement plan or arrangement which is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan, (b)
qualified  defined  contribution  retirement  plan or  arrangement  which  is an
Employee Pension Benefit Plan, (c) qualified defined benefit  retirement plan or
arrangement   which  is  an  Employee   Pension   Benefit  Plan  (including  any
Multiemployer Plan), (d) Employee Welfare Benefit Plan or (e) bonus,  incentive,
stock  purchase,  stock  ownership,  stock  option,  stock  appreciation  right,
severance, salary continuation, termination, change of control or other material
fringe benefit plan or program.

        "Employee  Pension  Benefit  Plan"  has the  meaning  set forth in ERISA
Section 3(2).

        "Employee  Welfare  Benefit  Plan"  has the  meaning  set forth in ERISA
Section 3(1).


<PAGE> 5


        "Environmental, Health, and Safety Requirements" shall mean all federal,
state, local and foreign statutes, regulations,  ordinances and other provisions
having the force or effect of law, all judicial  and  administrative  orders and
determinations, all contractual obligations and all common law concerning public
health and safety,  worker health and safety, and pollution or protection of the
environment,  including  without  limitation all those relating to the presence,
use,  production,  generation,  handling,  transportation,  treatment,  storage,
disposal,  distribution,  labeling,  testing,  processing,  discharge,  release,
threatened release,  control, or cleanup of any hazardous materials,  substances
or  wastes,   chemical   substances   or   mixtures,   pesticides,   pollutants,
contaminants,  toxic  chemicals,  petroleum  products or  byproducts,  asbestos,
polychlorinated  biphenyls,  noise or  radiation,  each as amended and as now or
hereafter in effect.

        "ERISA" means the Employee  Retirement  Income  Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

        "ERISA   Affiliate"  means  any  trade  or  business   (whether  or  not
incorporated)  which is under common control with the Company within the meaning
of Section 4001 of ERISA.

        "Excess Revenues" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c)(i) below.

        "Fiduciary" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(21).

        "GAAP" means United States generally accepted  accounting  principles as
in effect from time to time.

        "Gates  Employment  Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(i)
below.

        "Governmental  Authorizations" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(t)
below.

        "Income Tax" means all income,  alternative  minimum and franchise  tax,
levies or other  assessment  on, or measured  by,  income  imposed by the United
States,  any  state,  county,  or local  government,  or a foreign  country  (or
political  subdivision  in a foreign  country)  and such term shall  include any
interest, penalties or additions attributable to such tax.

        "Income Tax Return"  means any return,  declaration,  report,  claim for
refund, or information return or statement  relating to Income Taxes,  including
any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.

        "Indemnified Buyers" has the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i) below.

        "Indemnified Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 8(d)(i) below.

        "Indemnifying Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 8(d)(i) below.

        "Indemnified  Shareholders"  has the meaning  set forth in Section  8(c)
below.


<PAGE> 6


        "Intellectual  Property" means (a) all inventions (whether patentable or
unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice),  all improvements thereto,
and all patents, patent applications, and patent disclosures,  together with all
reissuances,  continuations,  continuations-in-part,  revisions, extensions, and
reexaminations  thereof, (b) all trademarks,  service marks, trade dress, logos,
trade names, and corporate names,  together with all translations,  adaptations,
derivations,  and  combinations  thereof and including  all goodwill  associated
therewith,  and all  applications,  registrations,  and  renewals in  connection
therewith,  (c) all copyrightable  works, all copyrights,  and all applications,
registrations,  and renewals in connection therewith, (d) all mask works and all
applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (e) all trade
secrets and confidential  business  information  (including ideas,  research and
development,  know-how,  formulas,  compositions,  manufacturing  and production
processes and techniques,  technical data,  designs,  drawings,  specifications,
customer  and supplier  lists,  pricing and cost  information,  and business and
marketing plans and proposals),  (f) all computer  software  (including data and
related  documentation),  (g) all other proprietary  rights,  (h) all copies and
tangible  embodiments  thereof (in  whatever  form or  medium),  (i) all service
marks,  domain  names,  logos  or  graphics  and (j)  derivative  works  made or
developed in connection with the foregoing.

        "Knowledge"  means  that  which is known by a Person and that of which a
Person  should  have  constructive  knowledge  based  upon  information  readily
available to that Person in the performance of such Person's duties. In the case
of Buyer, Parent, the Shareholder or the Company,  "Knowledge" is limited to the
"Knowledge" of their or their  Subsidiary's  respective  directors and executive
officers.

        "Landlord" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(a) below.

        "Leases" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(l) below.

        "Liability"  means any  liability  (whether  known or  unknown,  whether
asserted or  unasserted,  whether  absolute or  contingent,  whether  accrued or
unaccrued,  whether  liquidated  or  unliquidated,  and whether due or to become
due), including any liability for Taxes.

        "Marketing Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(f) below.

        "Material  Adverse  Effect"  means any  material  adverse  effect on the
assets, liabilities, or business condition (financial or otherwise).

        "Monies Lease" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(p)(vi) below.

        "Multiemployer Plan" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(37).

        "Net  Revenue  Statement"  has the meaning set forth in Section  2(c)(i)
below.

        "Net Revenues" means income before Income Taxes calculated in accordance
with GAAP (which  reflects a deduction  for any  commissions  paid or payable to
Parent or its  Affiliates  in  connection  with the sale or license of  products
attributable to the Contributed Assets).

        "New Product" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(n) below.

        "Noncompete  Affiliate"  has the meaning  set forth in Section  7(j)(ii)
below.


<PAGE> 7


        "Noncompete  Period"  has the  meaning  set forth in  Section  7(j)(iii)
below.

        "Nonsolicitation  Period" has the meaning set forth in Section  7(j)(ii)
below.

        "Option Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(i) below.

        "Ordinary  Course of  Business"  means the  ordinary  course of business
consistent with past custom and practice (including with respect to quantity and
frequency).

        "Party" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.

        "Person" means an individual,  a partnership,  a corporation,  a limited
liability  company,  an  association,  a joint stock  company,  a trust, a joint
venture,  an  unincorporated  organization,  or a  governmental  entity  (or any
department,   agency,  commission,   instrumentality  or  political  subdivision
thereof).

        "Post-Closing  Period" means a Tax period beginning and ending after the
Closing Date.

        "Pre-Closing  Period"  means a Tax  period  beginning  and  ending on or
before the Closing Date.

        "Prohibited  Transaction" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 406
and Code Section 4975.

        "Purchased Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) below.

        "Registration  Rights  Agreement"  has the  meaning set forth in Section
5(j) below.

        "Reportable Event" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 4043.

        "Retained  Liabilities"  has the meaning  set forth in Section  8(b)(iv)
below.

        "RightLeads"  means an  internet-based  lead  generation  product  which
provides loan brokers,  financial institutions and other financial professionals
with web sites where they can post orders,  purchase  and  receive,  or download
"leads" for mortgage, personal or auto loans or credit cards.

        "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

        "SEC Documents"  means Buyer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended  December 31,  2001,  Buyer's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the
fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2002 and all Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by
Buyer since December 31, 2001, all as filed with the SEC.

        "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

        "Securities  Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.


<PAGE> 8


        "Security  Interest"  means any  mortgage,  pledge,  lien,  encumbrance,
charge, or other security  interest,  other than (a) mechanic's,  materialmen's,
and  similar  liens that could not  reasonably  be  expected  to have a Material
Adverse  Effect,  (b) liens for Taxes not yet due and  payable or for Taxes that
the taxpayer is contesting in good faith through appropriate  proceedings and as
disclosed  on the  Disclosure  Schedule,  (c)  purchase  money  liens  and liens
securing  rental  payments  under  capital lease  arrangements  disclosed in the
Company  Most Recent  Financial  Statements  or the Buyer Most Recent  Financial
Statements,  as the case may be, and (d) other  liens  arising  in the  Ordinary
Course of Business and not incurred in  connection  with the borrowing of money,
so long as such  liens  could not  reasonably  be  expected  to have a  Material
Adverse Effect.

        "Shareholder" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.

        "Stockholders'  Agreement"  has the  meaning  set forth in Section  5(h)
below.

        "Stonehouse  Products"  means the  products  and  services  sold  and/or
licensed  by  the  Company  and  any  products  which  are  attributable  to the
Contributed Assets, including RightLeads and Credit Lead Exchange.

        "Stonehouse Subsidiary" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(f) below.

        "Straddle  Period" means a Tax period  beginning before the Closing Date
and ending after the Closing Date.

        "Sublease Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(g) below.

        "Sublicense  Agreement"  has the meaning  set forth in Section  7(p)(vi)
below.

        "Subsidiary"   means  with  respect  to  any  Person,  any  corporation,
partnership,  limited liability company,  entity or other organization,  whether
incorporated or unincorporated,  of which (i) such Person directly or indirectly
owns or controls at least a majority of the securities or other interests having
by  their  terms  ordinary  voting  power to elect a  majority  of the  board of
directors or others performing  equivalent  functions;  or (ii) such Person is a
general partner,  manager or managing member whether or not existing on the date
hereof.

        "SWDA" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(aa)(v) below.

        "Tax" means for purposes of this  Agreement  all taxes,  charges,  fees,
levies,  penalties or other assessments imposed by any federal,  state, local or
foreign taxing authority,  including but not limited to, income, gross receipts,
excise,  property,  sales, use, transfer, net worth,  franchise,  environmental,
payroll,  withholding,  social security or other taxes, customs,  duties, levies
and/or  fines,  including  any  interest,  penalties or  additions  attributable
thereto.

        "Tax  Return"  means any  return,  report,  information  return or other
document,  including  any schedule or  attachment  thereto,  and  including  any
amendment thereof, relating to Taxes.

        "Threshold Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c)(i) below.


<PAGE> 9


        "Third Party Claim" has the meaning set forth in Section 8(d) below.

        "Valuation  Period" means (i) if the Closing occurs on or before May 31,
2002, the four (4) consecutive  calendar  quarters  beginning on July 1, 2002 or
(ii) if the Closing occurs after May 31, 2002, the four (4) consecutive calendar
quarters beginning on October 1, 2002.

2.      Purchase and Sale Transaction.

(a) Basic  Transaction.  On and  subject  to the terms  and  conditions  of this
Agreement, at the Closing Buyer agrees to purchase from the Shareholder, and the
Shareholder agrees to sell to Buyer, all of the issued and outstanding shares of
Company Stock held by the Shareholder (the "Purchased Stock"), free and clear of
any and all Security Interests,  for the Consideration specified in Section 2(b)
below.

(b)  Consideration.  The  aggregate  consideration  to be paid by Buyer  for the
Purchased Stock shall be the sum of the following:  (i) (A) 22,500,000 shares of
Buyer Common Stock (the "Common  Shares") and (B) 1000 shares of Buyer Preferred
Stock,  which Buyer shall issue and deliver to the  Shareholder  at Closing (the
"Closing  Consideration"),  and (ii) the Earn-Out Shares, if any, which shall be
issued and delivered to the  Shareholder as set forth in Section 2(c) below (the
"Earn Out  Consideration"  and  together  with the  Closing  Consideration,  the
"Consideration").  Each share of Buyer Preferred Stock  constituting the Closing
Consideration  shall be initially  convertible  into  4,527.027  shares of Buyer
Common Stock, subject to anti-dilution  adjustments (the "Conversion Shares") on
the  terms  and  subject  to the  conditions  set  forth in the  Certificate  of
Designation.

(c)     Earn-Out Consideration.

(i) Within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Valuation Period,  Buyer
shall  prepare and deliver to the  Shareholder  a  statement  (the "Net  Revenue
Statement") setting forth Buyer's calculation of the Company's Net Revenues from
the sale and/or license of Stonehouse  Products for the Valuation Period. In the
event that the Net Revenues from the sale and/or license of Stonehouse  Products
for  the  Valuation  Period  reflected  on the  Net  Revenue  Statement  exceeds
$1,000,000 (the "Threshold Amount"), such excess being referred to herein as the
"Excess  Revenues",  Buyer shall  issue to the  Shareholder,  for no  additional
consideration,  that  number of  additional  shares of Buyer  Common  Stock (the
"Additional Common Stock") as shall equal the product of (i) 27.027,  subject to
anti-dilution  adjustments  and  (ii) the  Excess  Revenues,  rounded  up to the
nearest whole share,  up to a maximum of 8,687,258  shares of Buyer Common Stock
(the "Maximum Additional Shares"), within forty five (45) days of the expiration
of the Valuation Period. If Buyer's  stockholders have not approved the issuance
of the  Additional  Common  Stock to the  Shareholder  pursuant to this  Section
2(c)(i) on or before the date Buyer is obligated to issue such Additional Common
Stock, Buyer shall, in lieu of issuing the Additional Common Stock, issue to the
Shareholder,  within  forty five (45) days of the  expiration  of the  Valuation
Period,  1,000  shares  of  preferred  stock,  par  value  $.01 per  share  (the
"Additional Preferred Stock") of Buyer, having the same rights,  preferences and
privileges as the Buyer Preferred Stock, which Additional  Preferred Stock shall
be  convertible  into that number of shares of Buyer Common Stock as shall equal
the product of (i) 27.027, subject to anti-dilution adjustments,  times (ii) the
Excess  Revenues,  rounded up to the  nearest  whole  share,  up to the  Maximum
Additional  Shares.  The  Additional  Common Stock or the  Additional  Preferred
Stock, as the case may be, issued by Buyer to the  Shareholder  pursuant to this
Section 2(c)(i) shall be referred to herein as the "Earn Out Shares."


<PAGE> 10


(ii) In the event that the  Shareholder  objects to Buyer's  calculation  of Net
Revenues as reflected  in the Net Revenue  Statement,  then it shall  deliver to
Buyer,  within  fifteen  (15) days of receipt of the Net  Revenue  Statement,  a
statement  describing  such  objection.  In the  event  that such  statement  of
objection is not  received  within such period,  then the  Shareholder  shall be
deemed to have  irrevocably  agreed that the Net  Revenues  reflected in the Net
Revenue  Statement is accurate.  Buyer and the  Shareholder  will use reasonable
efforts to resolve any such dispute themselves.  In the event they are unable to
resolve  such  dispute  within  thirty  (30) days after  Buyer's  receipt of the
Shareholder's  statement of objection,  Buyer and the Shareholder will select an
accounting firm mutually acceptable to them to resolve such dispute; and if they
are unable to agree on such a firm  within 10 days after the end of such  30-day
period,  they will select a recognized  accounting firm by lot (after  excluding
their regular outside independent  accounting firms). The selection of such firm
and the determination of such firm shall be conclusive and binding. In the event
that the accounting  firm determines the actual Net Revenues for the sale and/or
license of  Stonehouse  Products  for the  Valuation  Period to be more than 10%
above the amount of Net Revenues reflected in the Net Revenue Statement and such
Net Revenues  exceed the Threshold  Amount,  then the costs and expenses of such
accounting firm shall be borne by Buyer, otherwise such costs and expenses shall
be borne by the Shareholder.  During the existence of any dispute concerning the
calculation  of Net  Revenues,  the  obligation to deliver the disputed Earn Out
Shares shall be suspended.

(iii)   Any Earn-Out Shares shall be immediately issuable and deliverable to the
Shareholder.

(iv) In the event that prior to thirty  (30) days  after the  expiration  of the
Valuation Period,  the Company or Buyer is acquired by, or merged with, a Person
that  is not an  Affiliate  of  Buyer  or any of its  Affiliates,  Buyer  shall,
immediately prior to the closing of the acquisition or merger transaction, issue
to Parent the Maximum  Additional  Shares or, if Buyer's  stockholders  have not
approved the issuance of the Additional  Common Stock,  Buyer shall,  in lieu of
issuing the Maximum Additional Shares,  issue to Parent the Additional Preferred
Stock which  Additional  Preferred  Stock shall be convertible  into the Maximum
Additional Shares.

(d) The Closing.  Subject to the terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement,  the
closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing") shall
take  place at the  offices  of  Akerman,  Senterfitt  &  Eidson,  P.A.  in Fort
Lauderdale, Florida, commencing at 9:00 a.m. local time on June __, 2002 or such
other date, time and place as Buyer and the  Shareholder may mutually  determine
following the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the obligations as the
Parties set forth herein (the "Closing Date").

(e) Deliveries at Closing. At the Closing,  (i) the Shareholder and Parent shall
deliver to Buyer the various certificates,  instruments,  and documents referred
to in Section 6 below,  (ii) Buyer shall deliver to the  Shareholder  and Parent
the various  certificates,  instruments,  and documents referred to in Section 5
below,   (iii)  the  Shareholder  shall  deliver  to  Buyer  stock  certificates
representing  all  of  its  shares  of  Company  Stock,  endorsed  in  blank  or
accompanied by duly executed  assignment  documents all in forms satisfactory to
Buyer and with all required stock transfer stamps affixed,  and (iv) Buyer shall
deliver to Parent the Closing  Consideration  specified  in Section  2(b) above,
subject to Section 5(e)(i) below.


<PAGE> 11


3.      Representations and Warranties Concerning the Transaction.

(a)  Representations  and Warranties of Parent, the Shareholder and the Company.
Parent,  the Shareholder  and the Company  jointly and severally,  represent and
warrant to Buyer that the statements  contained in this Section 3(a) are correct
and complete as of the Closing Date,  except as set forth on Section 3(a) of the
Disclosure  Schedule (the "Disclosure  Schedule") and except for representations
and  warranties  that are made as of a  specific  date or time.  The  Disclosure
Schedule shall be effective to modify only those  representations and warranties
to which the Disclosure Schedule makes explicit reference and no disclosure made
in any particular numbered Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed made in any other
numbered  Disclosure  Schedule unless expressly made therein (by cross-reference
or restatement).

(i)  Organization;  Authorization  of  Transaction.  Each of the Shareholder and
Parent are corporations,  duly organized,  validly existing and in good standing
under  the  laws  of  the  jurisdiction  of  their  incorporation.  Each  of the
Shareholder   and  Parent  has  full  power  and   authority   (including   full
organizational  power and  authority) to execute and deliver this  Agreement and
each of the other  agreements  to be executed and delivered by it at the Closing
and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement and each
such other agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the
Shareholder and Parent,  enforceable against each of them in accordance with its
terms and conditions except to the extent enforcement  thereof may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy,  reorganization,  insolvency or moratorium laws, or other
laws  affecting  the  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights  or by the  principles
governing the  availability of equitable  remedies.  Neither the Shareholder nor
Parent  need  give  any  notice  to,  make  any  filing  with,   or  obtain  any
authorization,  consent, or approval of any government or governmental agency or
any other Person in order to consummate the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement,  other than those which are  disclosed to Buyer and will be delivered
at or prior the Closing.

(ii) Noncontravention. The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
will not (A) violate any constitution,  statute,  regulation, rule, Governmental
Authorization,  injunction,  judgment,  order, decree,  ruling, charge, or other
restriction of any instrumentality, commission, government, governmental agency,
or court to which either the  Shareholder  or Parent is subject or any provision
of the charter or bylaws of either of the Shareholder or Parent, or (B) conflict
with,  result  in a  breach  of,  constitute  a  default  under,  result  in the
acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify,
or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement,  contract, lease, license,
instrument,  or other  arrangement to which the Shareholder or Parent is a party
or by which either of them is bound or to which any of their assets is subject.


<PAGE> 12


(iii)  Investment.  The Shareholder (A) understands that the Buyer Common Stock,
Buyer Preferred  Stock,  Conversion  Shares and Earn-Out  Shares,  if any, to be
issued to the Shareholder pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (collectively,
the "Buyer  Securities")  have not been registered  under the Securities Act, or
under any state securities laws, and are being offered and sold in reliance upon
federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving any public offering,
(B) is acquiring the Buyer Securities  solely for its own account for investment
purposes,   and  not  with  a  view  to  the  distribution  thereof,  (C)  is  a
sophisticated  investor with  knowledge and experience in business and financial
matters,  (D) has received certain information  concerning Buyer and has had the
opportunity to obtain additional information as desired in order to evaluate the
merits and the risks inherent in holding the Buyer  Securities,  and (E) is able
to bear the economic  risk and lack of  liquidity  inherent in holding the Buyer
Securities.  The  Shareholder  acknowledges  that it has had the  opportunity to
discuss  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  with  Buyer  and  has  had the
opportunity to obtain such information pertaining to Buyer, its future prospects
and the Buyer Securities as has been requested, including but not limited to the
SEC Documents.

(iv) Company Stock. The Shareholder holds of record and owns beneficially all of
the shares of Company  Stock,  free and clear of any  restrictions  on  transfer
(other  than any  restrictions  under the  Securities  Act and state  securities
laws),  Taxes,  Security  Interests,  liens,  or  other  encumbrances,  options,
warrants,  purchase  rights,  contracts,  commitments,   equities,  claims,  and
demands. The Shareholder is not a party to any option, warrant,  purchase right,
or other  contract or  commitment  that could require the  Shareholder  to sell,
transfer,  or otherwise  dispose of any capital stock of the Company (other than
this  Agreement).  The  Shareholder  is not a party to any voting trust,  proxy,
shareholders  agreement, or other agreement or understanding with respect to the
voting of any capital stock of the Company.

(v)  Disclosure.  Neither this  Agreement nor any of the  Disclosure  Schedules,
exhibits,  attachments,  written  statements,  documents,  certificates or other
items  prepared  for or  supplied  to Buyer by the  Shareholder,  Parent  or the
Company  with  respect  to either  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  the
Shareholder,  Parent or the Company  contains any untrue statement of a material
fact or  omits  to state  any  material  fact  necessary  in order to make  each
statement contained herein or therein not misleading. There is no fact which the
Shareholder,  Parent or the Company  has not  disclosed  to Buyer  herein and of
which the Shareholder, Parent or the Company is aware which could be anticipated
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

(b)  Representations  and Warranties of Buyer.  Buyer represents and warrants to
the  Shareholder  and Parent that the statements  contained in this Section 3(b)
will be correct  and  complete as of the  Closing  Date,  except as set forth on
Section  3(b) of the  Disclosure  Schedule  and except for  representations  and
warranties that are made as of a specific date or time.


<PAGE> 13


(i)  Organization;  Authorization  of Transaction.  Buyer is a corporation  duly
organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware.  Buyer has full power and  authority  (including  full  organizational
power and authority) to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the other
agreements  to be executed and delivered by it at the Closing and to perform its
obligations  hereunder  and  thereunder.  This  Agreement  and each  such  other
agreement  constitutes  the  valid  and  legally  binding  obligation  of Buyer,
enforceable  in accordance  with its terms and  conditions  except to the extent
enforcement  thereof may be limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,
insolvency  or  moratorium  laws, or other laws  affecting  the  enforcement  of
creditors'  rights or by the principles  governing the availability of equitable
remedies. Buyer need not give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any
authorization,  consent, or approval of any government or governmental agency or
any other Person in order to consummate the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement,  other than those  which are  disclosed  to  Shareholder  and will be
delivered at or prior the Closing.

(ii) Noncontravention. The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
will not (A) violate any constitution,  statute,  regulation, rule, Governmental
Authorization,  injunction,  judgment,  order, decree,  ruling, charge, or other
restriction of any instrumentality, commission, government, governmental agency,
or court to which Buyer is subject or any  provision of the charter or bylaws of
Buyer, or (B) conflict with,  result in a breach of, constitute a default under,
result in the  acceleration  of,  create  in any party the right to  accelerate,
terminate,  modify,  or cancel,  or  require  any  notice  under any  agreement,
contract,  lease, license,  instrument, or other arrangement to which Buyer is a
party or by which it is bound or to  which  any of its  assets  is  subject  (or
result in the imposition of any Security Interest upon any of its assets).

(iii)  Brokers' Fees.  Buyer has, or prior to the Closing will have,  reached an
agreement  for the  payment  of any fees or  commissions  due from  Buyer to any
broker,  finder, or agent with respect to the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement.  Buyer  agrees that it will pay any amounts  that may become due from
Buyer to any such broker,  finder or agent in the future,  including as a result
of any indemnification obligations.

(iv)  Capitalization of Buyer. The authorized capital stock of Buyer consists of
(i)  200,000,000  shares of Buyer Common Stock of which  115,049,920  shares are
issued and  outstanding  and 4,982,215  shares are issuable upon the exercise of
options and warrants  outstanding as of May 31, 2002, and (ii) 1,000,000  shares
of Buyer Preferred Stock,  none of which are issued and outstanding.  All of the
outstanding shares of the Buyer Common Stock and Buyer Preferred Stock have been
duly and validly authorized and are fully-paid and non-assessable.  There are no
outstanding  or authorized  options,  warrants,  purchase  rights,  subscription
rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, preemptive rights or other contracts
or commitments  that could require Buyer to issue,  sell, or otherwise  cause to
become  outstanding  any of its  capital  stock  or  securities  convertible  or
exchangeable for, or any options,  warrants, or rights to purchase,  any of such
capital  stock.  There are no  outstanding  obligations  of Buyer to repurchase,
redeem  or  otherwise  acquire  any  of its  capital  stock  or  any  securities
convertible into or exchangeable for such capital stock or any options, warrants
or rights to purchase such capital stock or securities. There are no outstanding
or authorized  stock  appreciation,  phantom  stock,  profit  participation,  or
similar rights with respect to Buyer.  There are no voting trusts,  proxies,  or
other  agreements  or  understandings  with  respect  to the  voting,  transfer,
dividend or other rights (such as registration  rights under the Securities Act)
of Buyer Common Stock or Buyer Preferred Stock.


<PAGE> 14


(v) Title to Assets.  Buyer has good,  valid and marketable title to, or a valid
leasehold  interest,  or license or sublicense  to, in all of the properties and
assets owned by it or used in its business,  including, without limitation, each
item  of  equipment  and  other  personal  property,  tangible,  intangible,  or
otherwise  included as an asset in the Buyer Most Recent  Balance  Sheet  (other
than inventory  disposed of in the Ordinary Course of Business since the date of
the Buyer Most Recent  Balance Sheet to Persons other than  Affiliates of Buyer)
and to each item of  personal  property  acquired  since the Buyer  Most  Recent
Balance Sheet, free and clear of all Security Interests (other than the Security
Interests  disclosed on the face of the Buyer Most Recent  Balance  Sheet).  The
consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement will not affect
Buyer's good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interest in, or license
or sublicense to, the properties and assets described in the preceding sentence.
All tangible  personal property owned by Buyer or used by Buyer in the operation
of  its  business  is in  good  operating  condition  and  in a  good  state  of
maintenance and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and is adequate for the
business conducted by Buyer. Except for the licenses to use certain Intellectual
Property  specifically  identified  on  Section  3(b)(xiii)  of  the  Disclosure
Schedule and the leased real property  identified on this Section 3(b)(v) of the
Disclosure Schedule,  there are no properties or assets, tangible or intangible,
owned by any  Person  other  than Buyer  which are used in  connection  with the
business of Buyer or necessary for the operation of Buyer's business.

(vi)    Subsidiaries; Ownership Interests.

(A) Buyer  owns,  directly  or  indirectly,  each of the  outstanding  shares of
capital stock of (or other  ownership  interests  having by their terms ordinary
voting  power to elect a majority  of  directors  or others  performing  similar
functions  with  respect to) each of Buyer's  Subsidiaries  indicated in Section
3(b)(vi)  of the  Disclosure  Schedule  as  being  owned by  Buyer.  Each of the
outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  owned  by  Buyer  of  each  of  Buyer's
Subsidiaries is duly authorized,  validly issued,  fully paid and nonassessable,
and  is  owned,  directly  or  indirectly,  by  Buyer  free  and  clear  of  any
restrictions on transfer (other than any  restrictions  under the Securities Act
and  State  Securities  laws),  Taxes,   Security  Interests,   liens  or  other
encumbrances.

(B) Except for the interests in Buyer's  Subsidiaries,  neither Buyer nor any of
its Subsidiaries owns any direct or indirect interest in any corporation,  joint
venture,  limited liability company,  partnership,  association or other entity.
Since December 31, 2001,  Buyer has not (i) disposed of the capital stock or all
or substantially  all of the assets of any ongoing  business,  or (ii) purchased
the business  and/or all or  substantially  all of the assets of another person,
firm or corporation (whether by purchase of stock, assets, merger or otherwise).


<PAGE> 15


(vii) Buyer Financial  Statements.  Attached hereto as Annex I are the following
financial statements of Buyer (collectively,  the "Buyer Financial Statements"):
(A) an audited  consolidated balance sheet and statement of income as of and for
the fiscal year ended  December  31,  2001 (the  "Buyer Most Recent  Fiscal Year
End") for Buyer and its Subsidiaries (B) an audited  consolidated  balance sheet
and  statement  of income as of and for the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2000
for Buyer and its Subsidiaries;  (C) an unaudited consolidated balance sheet and
statement of income (the "Buyer Most Recent Financial Statements") as of and for
the period from January 1, 2002  through  March 31, 2002 (the "Buyer Most Recent
Fiscal  Period  End").  The  Buyer  Financial  Statements  (including  the notes
thereto)  have been  prepared in  accordance  with GAAP  applied on a consistent
basis  throughout the periods  covered  thereby and present fairly the financial
condition  of Buyer and its  Subsidiaries  as of such  dates and the  results of
operations of Buyer and its Subsidiaries for such periods.

(viii)  Events  Subsequent to Buyer Most Recent  Fiscal  Period  End.  Since the
Buyer Most Recent Fiscal Period End, there has not occurred any Material Adverse
Effect on Buyer,  and Buyer has operated in the Ordinary Course of Business.

(ix) Undisclosed Liabilities. Buyer does not have any material Liability, except
for (i) Liabilities set forth on the face of the Buyer Most Recent Balance Sheet
(rather than in any notes thereto) and (ii) Liabilities  which have arisen after
the Buyer Most Recent Fiscal Period End in the Ordinary Course of Business (none
of which  results from,  arises out of,  relates to, is in the nature of, or was
caused by, any breach of contract,  breach of warranty, tort,  infringement,  or
violation of any  Governmental  Authorization or any other law and none of which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Buyer).

(x) Legal Compliance.  Buyer has complied,  in all material  respects,  with all
Governmental  Authorizations,  and all other  applicable laws (including  rules,
regulations, codes, plans, injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, and
charges  thereunder) of federal,  state, local, and foreign governments (and all
agencies thereof),  and no action,  suit,  proceeding,  hearing,  investigation,
charge, complaint,  claim, demand, or notice has been filed or commenced against
it alleging any failure so to comply.

(xi)    Tax Matters.

(A) Buyer has filed or will  cause to be filed,  within  the time and within the
manner  prescribed by law, all federal,  state and local and foreign Tax Returns
which are required to be filed by or with respect to Buyer, and such Tax Returns
reflect or will reflect accurately in all respects the Tax Liabilities of Buyer.

(B) Buyer has  within the time  prescribed  by law paid all  federal,  state and
local and foreign Taxes that are due and payable by Buyer.

(xii)   Real Property.  Buyer does not own any real property.

(xiii)  Intellectual Property.


<PAGE> 16


(A)  Section  3(b)(xiii)  of the  Disclosure  Schedule  lists  the  Intellectual
Property owned or used by Buyer. Buyer owns (or has the right to use pursuant to
license,  sublicense,  agreement,  or  permission  in  writing  and set forth on
Section  3(b)(xiii)  of  the  Disclosure  Schedule)  all  Intellectual  Property
necessary for the operation of the  businesses of Buyer as presently  conducted.
Each item of Intellectual  Property owned or used by Buyer  immediately prior to
the Closing  will be owned or used by Buyer with the same rights and in the same
manner  upon  completion  of the  transactions  contemplated  hereunder  without
further action by the Parties and without  alteration or  impairment.  Buyer has
taken all  necessary  action to maintain and protect  each item of  Intellectual
Property that it owns or uses.

(B) Buyer has not interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated, or otherwise
come into conflict with any Intellectual  Property rights of third parties,  and
none  of  Buyer  or  any  of  its  directors,  officers,  employees,  agents  or
independent contractors has ever received any charge, complaint,  claim, demand,
or notice alleging any such  interference,  infringement,  misappropriation,  or
violation (including any claim that Buyer must license or refrain from using any
Intellectual  Property rights of any third party). To the Knowledge of Buyer, no
third party has interfered with, infringed upon,  misappropriated,  or otherwise
come into conflict with any Intellectual Property rights of Buyer.

(xiv)  Insurance.  Buyer has been fully  covered at all times  during the past 5
years  by  insurance  in scope  and  amount  customary  and  reasonable  for the
businesses in which it has engaged during the aforementioned period.

(xv) Litigation. There are no legal proceedings or investigations pending or, to
Buyer's  Knowledge  threatened  against Buyer or any of its  Subsidiaries  which
question  the  validity of this  Agreement,  or if  adversely  determined  would
prevent Buyer from performing its obligations hereunder or from operating in the
Ordinary Course of Business during the Valuation Period.

(xvi)   Guaranties.  Buyer is not a guarantor  of, or otherwise  liable for, any
Liability or obligation (including indebtedness) of any other Person.

(xvii)  Environmental,  Health, and Safety Matters.  Buyer and its  predecessors
and  Affiliates have  complied  and are  in compliance  with all  Environmental,
Health, and Safety Requirements.

(xviii)  Distributors.  There are no exclusive or non-exclusive  distributors or
resellers  of the Buyer's  products in any  territory  or  jurisdiction,  or any
entity  which has any  royalty,  commission  or fee  rights  based upon sales of
Buyer's  products,  or which otherwise has any first right of refusal or similar
right to distribute Buyer's products in any territory or jurisdiction.

(xix) Certain Business  Relationships  with Buyer.  Neither Buyer nor any of its
Affiliates or any officer or director of Buyer  (individually,  a "Buyer Related
Party",  and collectively,  the "Buyer Related  Parties") (i) owns,  directly or
indirectly,  any  interest  in any Person  which is a  competitor,  supplier  or
customer of Buyer; (ii) owns,  directly or indirectly,  in whole or in part, any
property,  asset or right,  real,  personal  or mixed,  tangible  or  intangible
(including,  but not  limited  to, any of the  Intellectual  Property)  which is
utilized by or in connection with the business of Buyer;  (iii) is a customer or
supplier  of  Buyer;  or (iv)  is a party  to any  contract,  agreement,  lease,
arrangement or written understanding pertaining or relating to Buyer, except for
employment,  consulting or other personal service agreements which are listed on
Section   3(b)(xix)  of  the   Disclosure   Schedule  and  except  as  otherwise
contemplated hereby. Buyer is not indebted to any officer,  director or employee
of Buyer for any Liability or  obligation.  No officer,  director or employee of
Buyer is indebted to Buyer for any Liability or obligation.


<PAGE> 17


(xx) Absence of Certain Business Practices. No Buyer Related Party, acting alone
or together with any other Buyer Related Party,  has: (i) received,  directly or
indirectly, any rebates, payments,  commissions,  promotional allowances, or any
other economic benefits,  regardless of their nature or type, from any customer,
supplier, employee or agent of any customer or supplier, official or employee of
any  government  (domestic  or foreign)  or other  Person;  or (ii)  directly or
indirectly,  given or agreed to give any money,  gift or similar  benefit to any
customer,  supplier,  employee or agent of any customer or supplier, official or
employee of any  government  (domestic or foreign),  or any  political  party or
candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other Person who was, is or may be
in a  position  to help or hinder  the  business  of Buyer (or  assist  Buyer in
connection  with any actual or  proposed  transaction)  which (A) would  subject
Buyer to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation
or proceeding,  (B) if not given in the past,  would have had a Material Adverse
Effect on Buyer,  or (C) if not  continued in the future,  would have a Material
Adverse Effect on Buyer.

(xxi)   Bulk Sales.  The  transactions  contemplated  under this  Agreement  are
not subject to any bulk sales, transfer or similar law of any jurisdiction.

(xxii) Disclosure. Neither this Agreement nor any of the exhibits,  attachments,
written  statements,  documents,  certificates  or other items  prepared for the
Shareholder  by Buyer with respect to the  transactions  contemplated  hereby or
Buyer  contains any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omits to state any
material  fact  necessary in order to make each  statement  contained  herein or
therein not  misleading.  There is no fact which Buyer has not  disclosed to the
Shareholder  herein and of which Buyer or any of its  officers or  directors  or
managers is aware which could be anticipated  to have a Material  Adverse Effect
on Buyer.

(xxiii) SEC Documents.  Buyer has delivered or made available to the Shareholder
true and  complete  copies of the SEC  Documents.  Buyer has not provided to the
Shareholder  any  information  which,  according  to  applicable  law,  rule  or
regulation,  should have been disclosed publicly by Buyer but which has not been
so disclosed,  other than with respect to the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement.  As of their  respective  dates,  the SEC  Documents  complied in all
material  respects with the requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act and the
rules and  regulations  of the SEC  promulgated  thereunder  applicable  to such
documents,  and,  as of  their  respective  dates,  none  of the  SEC  Documents
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated  therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein,  in  light  of the  circumstances  under  which  they  were  made,  not
misleading.


<PAGE> 18


(xxiv)  Investment.  Buyer (A) understands that the Purchased Stock has not been
registered  under the Securities Act, or under any state securities laws, and is
being  offered  and sold in  reliance  upon  federal  and state  exemptions  for
transactions not involving any public  offering,  (B) is acquiring the Purchased
Stock solely for its own account for investment purposes, and not with a view to
the  distribution  thereof,  (C) is a sophisticated  investor with knowledge and
experience  in  business  and  financial  matters,   (D)  has  received  certain
information  concerning  the  Company  and  has had the  opportunity  to  obtain
additional  information as desired in order to evaluate the merits and the risks
inherent in holding the  Purchased  Stock,  and (E) is able to bear the economic
risk and lack of  liquidity  inherent  in holding  the  Purchased  Stock.  Buyer
acknowledges  that  it has had  the  opportunity  to  discuss  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby with the  Shareholder and has had the opportunity to obtain
such information pertaining to the Company and its future prospects as have been
requested.

(xxv) Issuance of Buyer Securities.  When issued,  the Buyer Common Stock, Buyer
Preferred Stock,  Conversion Shares and Earn-Out Shares, if any, to be issued to
the Shareholder hereunder will be duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable,
and not subject to preemptive rights.

4.   Representations  and  Warranties   Concerning  the  Company.   Parent,  the
Shareholder and the Company jointly and severally represent and warrant to Buyer
that the  statements  contained in this Section 4 are correct and complete as of
the Closing Date,  except as set forth on Section 4 of the  Disclosure  Schedule
and except for  representations  and  warranties  that are made as of a specific
date or time. All references in this Section 4 to the Company shall be deemed to
refer to the Company and each of its Subsidiaries.

(a)  Organization,   Qualification,  and  Corporate  Power.  The  Company  is  a
corporation  duly organized,  validly  existing,  and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. The Company is duly authorized to
conduct its business and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction
where such  qualification is required.  The Company has full power and authority
(including full organizational  power and authority) to execute and deliver this
Agreement and each of the other agreements to be executed and delivered by it at
the  Closing and to perform  its  obligations  hereunder  and  thereunder.  This
Agreement  and each such  other  agreement  constitutes  the  valid and  legally
binding obligation of the Company,  enforceable in accordance with its terms and
conditions except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy,  reorganization,  insolvency  or  moratorium  laws,  or  other  laws
affecting the  enforcement of creditors'  rights or by the principles  governing
the availability of equitable remedies. The Company has full corporate power and
authority and all licenses,  permits,  and authorizations  necessary to carry on
the  businesses  in which it is engaged  and in which it  presently  proposes to
engage and to own and use the properties  owned and used by it, except where the
failure to have such licenses,  permits or authorizations  would have a Material
Adverse Effect.  Section 4(a) of the Disclosure Schedule lists the directors and
officers of the Company.  Correct and complete  copies of the charter and bylaws
of the Company (as amended to date) are  included as part of Section 4(a) of the
Disclosure Schedule. The minute books (containing the records of meetings of the
stockholders,  the  board  of  directors,  and any  committees  of the  board of
directors),  the stock  certificate  books,  and the stock  record  books of the
Company are correct and  complete  and a true and correct  copy thereof has been
provided to Buyer.  The Company is not in default  under or in  violation of any
provision of its charter or bylaws.


<PAGE> 19


(b) Capitalization.  The entire authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of 25,000,000  shares of Company Common Stock,  of which  16,000,000  shares are
issued  and  outstanding  and 625  shares of  Company  Common  Stock are held in
treasury.  All of the issued and  outstanding  shares of the Company  Stock have
been duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, and are
held  of  record  and  owned  beneficially  by  the  Shareholder.  There  are no
outstanding  or authorized  options,  warrants,  purchase  rights,  subscription
rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, preemptive rights or other contracts
or commitments that could require the Company to issue, sell, or otherwise cause
to become  outstanding  any of its capital  stock or securities  convertible  or
exchangeable for, or any options,  warrants, or rights to purchase,  any of such
capital  stock.  There  are  no  outstanding   obligations  of  the  Company  to
repurchase,  redeem  or  otherwise  acquire  any of  its  capital  stock  or any
securities  convertible  into or  exchangeable  for  such  capital  stock or any
options, warrants or rights to purchase such capital stock or securities.  There
are no  outstanding or authorized  stock  appreciation,  phantom  stock,  profit
participation,  or similar  rights  with  respect to the  Company.  There are no
voting trusts,  proxies,  or other agreements or understandings  with respect to
the voting,  transfer,  dividend or other  rights (such as  registration  rights
under the Securities Act) of the Company Stock.

(c) Noncontravention.  Neither the execution and the delivery of this Agreement,
nor the consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby, will (i) violate
any Governmental  Authorization,  or other  constitution,  statute,  regulation,
rule, injunction,  judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge, or other restriction
of any government, governmental agency, or court to which the Company is subject
or any provision of the charter or bylaws of the Company or (ii) conflict  with,
result in a breach of,  constitute a default under,  result in the  acceleration
of, create in any party the right to accelerate,  terminate,  modify, or cancel,
or require any notice under any agreement, contract, lease, license, instrument,
or other  arrangement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound or
to which any of its  assets is  subject  (or  result  in the  imposition  of any
Security Interest upon any of its assets).  The Company need not give any notice
to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization,  consent,  or approval of
any  Person,  government  or  governmental  agency in order for the  Parties  to
consummate the  transactions  contemplated by this  Agreement,  other than those
which will be  delivered  at or prior the  Closing and which are as set forth on
Section 4(c) of the Disclosure Schedule.

(d)     Brokers'  Fees.  None of Parent,  the  Shareholder  and the Company  has
retained  any  broker, finder, or  agent  with  respect  to  the    transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(e) Title to Assets.  The Company has good,  valid and marketable title to, or a
valid leasehold  interest in, or license or sublicense to, all of the properties
and assets owned by it or used in its business,  including,  without limitation,
each item of equipment and other personal  property,  tangible,  intangible,  or
otherwise  included as an asset in the Company Most Recent  Balance Sheet (other
than inventory  disposed of in the Ordinary Course of Business since the date of
the Company Most Recent Balance Sheet to Persons other than Parent,  Shareholder
or Affiliates  of the Company,  Parent or the  Shareholder)  and to each item of
personal property acquired since the Company Most Recent Balance Sheet, free and
clear of all Security Interests (other than the Security Interests  disclosed on
the face of the Company Most Recent  Balance  Sheet).  The  consummation  of the
transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement will not affect the Company's good
and  marketable  title  to,  or valid  leasehold  interest  in,  or  license  or
sublicense to, the properties  and assets  described in the preceding  sentence.
Section 4(e) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a detailed list as of April 30,
2002  of all  machinery,  equipment,  vehicles,  furniture  and  other  personal
property  owned by the  Company or used by the Company in the  operation  of its
business  (with a notation  as to whether  such  property  is owned or  leased),
having an original cost of $10,000 or more. All tangible personal property owned
by the Company or used by the  Company in the  operation  of its  business is in
good operating condition and in a good state of maintenance and repair, ordinary
wear and tear  excepted,  and is  adequate  for the  business  conducted  by the
Company.   Except  for  the  licenses  to  use  certain  Intellectual   Property
specifically  identified on Section 4(m)(iv) of the Disclosure  Schedule and the
leased  property  identified  on this Section 4(e) of the  Disclosure  Schedule,
there are no properties or assets,  tangible or intangible,  owned by any Person
other than the Company  which are used in  connection  with the  business of the
Company or necessary for the operation of the  Company's  business.  The Company
has, and following the  consummation of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,
will  continue to have a valid  leasehold  interest  in and/or  right to use the
assets identified in item 2 on Section 4(e) of the Disclosure  Schedule and such
interest and/or right to use such assets will continue  uninterrupted,  and such
assets may be  relocated,  in the event the  Company  relocates  with no adverse
effect on the Company.


<PAGE> 20


(f) Subsidiaries;  Ownership  Interests.  The Company does not own any direct or
indirect interest in any corporation,  joint venture, limited liability company,
partnership,  association  or other  entity  other than  Stonehouse  I Financial
Solutions,   Inc.,  a  Texas  corporation  (the  "Stonehouse   Subsidiary")  and
Stonehouse  Canada,  Inc.  Since  December  31,  2001,  the  Company has not (i)
disposed of the capital stock or all or  substantially  all of the assets of any
ongoing business, or (ii) purchased the business and/or all or substantially all
of the assets of another  person,  firm or  corporation  (whether by purchase of
stock, assets, merger or otherwise).

(g)  Financial  Statements.  Attached  hereto  as  Annex  II are  the  following
financial  statements  of  the  Company  (collectively  the  "Company  Financial
Statements"):  (i) audited balance sheets and statements of income as of and for
the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2001 (the  "Company  Most Recent Fiscal Year
End");  (ii) audited  balance  sheets and statements of income as of and for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, and (iii)  unaudited
balance  sheets and  statements of income (the  "Company  Most Recent  Financial
Statements")  as of and for the period from  January 1, 2002  through  April 30,
2002 (the  "Company  Most Recent  Fiscal  Period  End").  The Company  Financial
Statements  (including the notes thereto) have been prepared in accordance  with
GAAP applied on a  consistent  basis  throughout  the periods  covered  thereby,
present  fairly the financial  condition of the Company as of such dates and the
results of  operations of the Company for such  periods,  are true,  correct and
complete in all material respects, and are consistent with the books and records
of the Company (which books and records are correct and complete).

(h) Events  Subsequent  to Company  Most Recent  Fiscal  Period  End.  Since the
Company  Most Recent  Fiscal  Period End,  there has not  occurred  any Material
Adverse  Effect on the  Company,  and the Company has  operated in the  Ordinary
Course of Business. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, since that
date:


<PAGE> 21


(i) The  Company  has not sold,  leased,  transferred,  or  assigned  any of its
assets,  tangible  or  intangible,  other  than  for a  fair  consideration  (as
determined by the Company) in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(ii) The Company has not entered  into any  agreements,  contracts,  leases,  or
licenses (A)  involving  more than $10,000 in the  aggregate,  (B) having a term
greater than 12 months or (C) outside the Ordinary Course of Business;

(iii) No party (including the Company) has accelerated, terminated, modified, or
canceled any  agreements,  contracts,  leases,  or licenses  involving more than
$10,000  in the  aggregate  to which  the  Company  is a party or by which it is
bound, or threatened to do any of the foregoing;

(iv) The Company has not imposed or allowed to be imposed any Security  Interest
upon any of its assets,  tangible or  intangible  which is not  reflected in the
Company Most Recent Financial Statements;

(v)  The Company  has  not  made  any capital  expenditures  involving more than
$10,000 in the aggregate or outside the Ordinary Course of Business;

(vi) The Company has not made any capital  investment in, any loan to (including
any loan to any Person identified in subsection (xvi) below), or any acquisition
of the securities of, any other Person;

(vii) The  Company  has not issued any note,  bond,  or other debt  security  or
created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed any indebtedness for borrowed money or
capitalized lease obligation involving more than $10,000 in the aggregate;

(viii) The Company has not delayed or postponed the payment of accounts  payable
and/or other Liabilities outside the Ordinary Course of Business, or accelerated
the receipt of any amount owed to it outside the Ordinary Course of Business;

(ix) The Company has not accelerated or delayed  collection of notes or accounts
receivable  in advance of or beyond  their  regular  dates or the dates when the
same could have been collected in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(x) The Company has not canceled, compromised,  waived, or released any right or
claim  either  involving  more than  $10,000 in the  aggregate  or  outside  the
Ordinary Course of Business;

(xi) The Company has not granted any license or  sublicense  of any rights under
or with respect to any  Intellectual  Property or disclosed any  proprietary  or
confidential information to any third party;

(xii)   There has been no change made or authorized  in the charter or bylaws of
the Company;


<PAGE> 22


(xiii) The Company has not issued,  sold,  or  otherwise  disposed of any of its
capital stock or securities  convertible into or exchangeable for such stock, or
granted any options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or obtain any of such
capital stock or securities;

(xiv) The Company has not declared,  set aside, or paid any dividend,  including
any stock dividend,  or made any distribution  with respect to its capital stock
(whether in cash or in kind) or redeemed,  purchased,  or otherwise acquired any
of its capital stock or other securities;

(xv) The Company has not experienced any damage,  destruction,  or loss (whether
or not covered by insurance) to its property  involving more than $10,000 in the
aggregate;

(xvi)  The  Company  has not  entered  into  any  transaction  with,  any of its
directors,  officers,  or employees  or any of their  respective  Affiliates  or
"Associates" (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act);

(xvii) The Company has not entered into any  employment  contract or  collective
bargaining  agreement,  written or oral,  or modified  the terms of any existing
such contract or agreement;

(xviii) The Company has not granted any  increase in any  compensation of any of
its directors, officers,  agents,  representatives,  independent  contractors or
employees;

(xix) The Company has not granted any bonuses or made any other  payments of any
kind (other than base compensation, commissions, sick pay, holiday pay, vacation
pay, tuition  reimbursement  and the like in the Ordinary Course of Business) to
any officer, director, agent, representative, independent contractor or employee
of the Company, or to any Person related to any of the foregoing;

(xx) The Company has not adopted,  amended,  modified,  or terminated any bonus,
profit-sharing, incentive, severance, or other plan, contract, or commitment for
the benefit of any of its directors,  officers,  or employees (or taken any such
action with respect to any other Employee Benefit Plan, Employee Pension Benefit
Plan or Employee Welfare Benefit Plan);

(xxi) The Company has not made any other change in  employment  terms for any of
its directors,  officers,  agents,  representatives,  independent contractors or
employees;

(xxii)  The Company has not made or pledged  to  make  any charitable  or  other
capital contribution;

(xxiii)  There  has not been any other  material  occurrence,  event,  incident,
action,  failure to act, or transaction  outside the Ordinary Course of Business
involving the Company;


<PAGE> 23


(xxiv)  The  Company  has  not (A)  increased,  or  experienced  any  change  in
assumptions underlying or method of calculating,  any bad debt, contingency, tax
or other reserves, (B) changed its accounting practices,  methods or assumptions
(including  changes in estimates  or valuation  methods) or (C) written down the
value of any assets;

(xxv) The  Company  has not  failed  to comply  with a  contract,  agreement  or
understanding  (written  or  oral)  to  which  the  Company  is a  party  or any
Governmental  Authorization or any other federal, state or local laws, rules and
regulations to which the Company is subject; and

(xxvi) The Company has not committed to any of the foregoing, except pursuant to
the transactions contemplated hereby.

(i) Undisclosed  Liabilities.  The Company does not have any material Liability,
except for (i)  Liabilities  set forth on the face of the  Company  Most  Recent
Balance Sheet (rather than in any notes thereto) and (ii) Liabilities which have
arisen after the Company Most Recent Fiscal Period End in the Ordinary Course of
Business  (none of which  results  from,  arises out of,  relates  to, is in the
nature of, or was caused by, any breach of contract,  breach of warranty,  tort,
infringement,  or violation of any  Governmental  Authorization or any other law
and none of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company).

(j) Legal Compliance.  The Company has complied, in all material respects,  with
all Governmental Authorizations, and all other applicable laws (including rules,
regulations, codes, plans, injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, and
charges  thereunder) of federal,  state, local, and foreign governments (and all
agencies thereof),  and no action,  suit,  proceeding,  hearing,  investigation,
charge, complaint,  claim, demand, or notice has been filed or commenced against
it alleging any failure so to comply.

(k)     Tax Matters.

(i)  Parent,  the  Shareholder  and the  Company  have filed or will cause to be
filed,  within the time and within the manner  prescribed  by law,  all federal,
state and local and  foreign Tax  Returns  which are  required to be filed by or
with respect to Parent, the Shareholder and the Company, as the case may be, and
such Tax Returns  reflect or will  reflect  accurately  in all  respects the Tax
Liabilities of Parent, the Shareholder and the Company, as the case may be.

(ii) Parent,  the Shareholder and the Company have within the time prescribed by
law paid all federal, state and local and foreign Taxes that are due and payable
by Parent, the Shareholder and the Company.

(iii) The unpaid Taxes of the Company (A) did not, as of the Company Most Recent
Fiscal Period End, exceed the reserve for Tax Liability set forth on the face of
the Company Most Recent Financial  Statements (rather than in any notes thereto)
and (B) do not,  and will not as of the Closing  Date,  exceed  that  reserve as
adjusted for the passage of time through the Closing Date in accordance with the
past custom and practice of the Company in filing its Tax Returns.


<PAGE> 24


(iv) The Company has no liens with  respect to Taxes upon any of its  properties
or assets other than liens for Taxes not yet due and payable.

(v) Neither  Parent,  the Company nor the  Shareholder  have in effect as of the
date of this  Agreement,  or will have in effect,  as of the Closing  Date,  any
waiver or extension of any statute of limitations with respect to Taxes.

(vi) Neither Parent, the Company nor the Shareholder has a federal, state, local
or  foreign  audit  or  other  administrative  proceeding  or  court  proceeding
presently  pending or to its Knowledge  threatened  relating to or involving any
Tax Returns for the Company.

(vii)  Neither  Parent,  the  Company  nor the  Shareholder  is a  party  to any
agreement,  whether  formal or informal or  established  by custom or  practice,
providing for the allocation or sharing of Taxes.

(viii)  The Company is a member of an Affiliated Group and a consolidated group.

(ix)    Except for the Stonehouse Subsidiary and  Stonehouse  Canada,  Inc., the
Company does not own any Subsidiaries.

(x)     No  indebtedness  of  the Company  consists  of  "corporate  acquisition
indebtedness" within the meaning of Code Section 279.

(xi) The Company  does not own any  interests  in a limited  liability  company,
partnership, business trust or similar entity.

(xii) All Taxes for Pre-Closing Periods and Straddle Periods attributable to the
period  thereof on or before the Closing Date of the Company have been fully and
timely paid and adequate  reserves or accruals  for Taxes have been  provided in
the Estimated Closing Date Balance Sheet.

(xiii) After the date hereof,  and on or before the Closing Date,  the Liability
of the Company for Taxes shall be incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business.

(xiv) The Company has not been subject to, and to the  Knowledge of Parent,  the
Shareholder or the Company, the Company has not been subject to, a claim made by
a governmental  authority in a jurisdiction  where the Company does not file Tax
Returns  that  the  Company  is or may be  subject  to  Taxes  assessed  by such
jurisdiction.

(xv) To the Knowledge of Parent, the Shareholder or the Company, the Company has
not been subject to a deficiency or proposed  adjustment for any amount of Taxes
asserted or assessed by any governmental authority against the Company.

(xvi) The Company  files a  consolidated,  combined or unitary or other  similar
state Income Tax Return with Parent in California and Florida.


<PAGE> 25


(xvii) Neither  Parent,  the  Shareholder nor the Company has made, and will not
make,  an election or file a consent  under  Section  341(f) of the Code (or any
corresponding provision of state, local or foreign law).

(xviii) The Company uses the accrual method of accounting.

(xix) The Company  will not be required (A) as a result of a change in method of
accounting  for a taxable  period  beginning on or before the Closing  Date,  to
include any adjustments  under Section 481(a) of the Code (or any  corresponding
provision of state, local or foreign law) in taxable income for any period after
the  Closing  Date,  (B)  as a  result  of  any  audit  or  examination  by  any
governmental  authority for a taxable period  beginning on or before the Closing
Date, whether set forth in a closing agreement under Section 7121 of the Code or
other settlement agreement, to include any item of income or exclude any item of
deduction  for any  period  after the  Closing  Date,  or (C) as a result of the
installment  method  of  reporting  under  Section  453  of  the  Code  (or  any
corresponding  provision of state,  local or foreign law) to include  income for
any period after the Closing Date with respect to a sale or other disposition of
property on or before the Closing Date.

(xx) The Company has not made any payments,  nor will it become obligated (under
any contract  entered into on or before the Closing  Date) to make any payments,
that will be  non-deductible  under Sections  162(m) or 280G of the Code (or any
corresponding provisions of state, local or foreign law).

(xxi) The Company has not been a United States real property holding corporation
within  the  meaning  of  Section  897(c)(2)  of the Code (or any  corresponding
provisions  of  state,  local or  foreign  law)  during  the  applicable  period
specified  in  Section  897(c)(1)(A)(ii)  of  the  Code  (or  any  corresponding
provision of state, local or foreign law).

(xxii) True,  correct and complete  copies of (A) the  Company's  portion of all
Income Tax Returns filed by Parent for the years ended 1999,  2000 and 2001, (B)
all sales Tax Returns filed by the Company for the years ended in 1999, 2000 and
2001, and (B) any audit report issued within the last five years,  to the extent
related to the Company,  has been furnished or made available to Buyer,  and all
material  tax  elections  of Parent with respect to the Company and all material
tax elections of the Company are clearly set forth on such Tax Returns.

(xxiii)  Neither  Parent,  the  Shareholder nor the Company is a party to a gain
recognition  agreement  under  Section  367  of the  Code  and  the  regulations
thereunder.

(l) Real Property.  The Company does not own any real property.  Section 4(l) of
the Disclosure Schedule lists the only real property leased to the Company.  The
Shareholder  has  delivered to Buyer a correct and  complete  copy of the leases
listed in Section  4(l) of the  Disclosure  Schedule  (as  amended to date) (the
"Leases"):

(i)     The Leases are legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and
effect;



<PAGE> 26


(ii) The Leases will continue to be legal, valid, binding,  enforceable,  and in
full force and effect on  identical  terms  following  the  consummation  of the
transactions contemplated hereby;

(iii) No party to the Leases is in breach or default,  and no event has occurred
which,  with notice or lapse of time,  would  constitute  a breach or default or
permit termination, modification, or acceleration thereunder;

(iv)  There are no disputes, oral agreements, or forbearance  programs in effect
as to the Leases; and

(v) All  facilities  leased  under the Leases have  received  all  approvals  of
governmental authorities (including licenses and permits) required in connection
with the operation  thereof and have been operated and  maintained in accordance
with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.

(m)     Intellectual Property.

(i) Section 4(m)(i) of the Disclosure  Schedule lists the Intellectual  Property
owned or used by the Company. The Company owns (or has the right to use pursuant
to license,  sublicense,  agreement,  or  permission in writing and set forth on
Section 4(m)(iv) of the Disclosure Schedule) all Intellectual Property necessary
for the operation of the businesses of the Company as presently conducted.  Each
item of Intellectual  Property owned or used by the Company immediately prior to
the Closing will be owned or used by the Company with the same rights and in the
same manner upon completion of the transactions  contemplated  hereunder without
further action by the Parties and without alteration or impairment.  Parent, the
Shareholder  and the Company  have taken all  necessary  action to maintain  and
protect each item of Intellectual Property that it owns or uses.

(ii) The Company has not interfered with,  infringed upon,  misappropriated,  or
otherwise  come into conflict  with any  Intellectual  Property  rights of third
parties,  and none of Parent,  the  Shareholder  or the  Company or any of their
directors,  officers,  employees,  agents or  independent  contractors  has ever
received  any charge,  complaint,  claim,  demand,  or notice  alleging any such
interference, infringement,  misappropriation, or violation (including any claim
that the Company must license or refrain  from using any  Intellectual  Property
rights of any third party).  To the Knowledge of Parent,  the Shareholder or the
Company, no third party has interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated, or
otherwise  come  into  conflict  with any  Intellectual  Property  rights of the
Company.

(iii) Section  4(m)(iii) of the Disclosure  Schedule  identifies  each patent or
registration  which has been  issued to the Company  with  respect to any of its
Intellectual Property, identifies each pending patent application or application
for  registration  which  the  Company  has  made  with  respect  to  any of its
Intellectual  Property,  and  identifies  each  license,   agreement,  or  other
permission  which the Company has granted to any third party with respect to any
of its Intellectual Property (together with any exceptions). The Shareholder has
delivered  to  Buyer   correct  and  complete   copies  of  all  such   patents,
registrations,  applications,  licenses, agreements, and permissions (as amended
to date) and have made  available to Buyer  correct and  complete  copies of all
other written documentation evidencing ownership and prosecution (if applicable)
of each such item. Section 4(m)(iii) of the Disclosure  Schedule also identifies
each trade name or unregistered trademark used by the Company in connection with
any of its businesses.


<PAGE> 27


(iv)  Section  4(m)(iv)  of the  Disclosure  Schedule  identifies  each  item of
Intellectual  Property  that any  third  party  owns and that the  Company  uses
pursuant to license,  sublicense,  agreement, or permission. The Shareholder has
delivered  to  Buyer  correct  and  complete   copies  of  all  such   licenses,
sublicenses,  agreements,  and permissions (as amended to date). With respect to
each item of Intellectual Property required to be identified in Section 4(m)(iv)
of the Disclosure Schedule:

(A) The  license,  sublicense,  agreement,  or  permission  covering the item is
legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect;

(B) The license, sublicense, agreement, or permission will continue to be legal,
valid,  binding,  enforceable,  and in full force and effect on identical  terms
following the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;

(C) No party to the license,  sublicense,  agreement, or permission is in breach
or default,  and no event has occurred  which with notice or lapse of time would
constitute  a  breach  or  default  or  permit  termination,   modification,  or
acceleration thereunder; and

(D) No action, suit,  proceeding,  hearing,  investigation,  charge,  complaint,
claim,  or demand is pending or is  threatened  which  challenges  the legality,
validity, or enforceability of the underlying item of Intellectual Property.

(v) To the Knowledge of Parent, the Shareholder or the Company, the Company will
not  interfere  with,  infringe  upon,  misappropriate,  or otherwise  come into
conflict with, any Intellectual  Property rights of third parties as a result of
the  continued  operation  of  its  businesses  as  presently  conducted  and as
presently proposed to be conducted.

(n)     Inventory.  The Company has no inventory.

(o) Contracts.  Section 4(o) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all the contracts,
agreements  and  understandings  to which  the  Company  is a party in excess of
$25,000.  The  Shareholder has delivered to Buyer a correct and complete copy of
each written  agreement  (or a description  if  unwritten)  (as amended to date)
listed in Section  4(o) of the  Disclosure  Schedule in excess of $50,000.  With
respect to each such  agreement:  (A) the  agreement is legal,  valid,  binding,
enforceable, and in full force and effect; (B) the agreement will continue to be
legal, valid,  binding,  enforceable,  and in full force and effect on identical
terms following the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; (C) no
party is in breach or default,  and no event has  occurred  which with notice or
lapse of time  would  constitute  a breach or  default,  or permit  termination,
modification,  or  acceleration,  under  the  agreement;  and (D) no  party  has
repudiated  any provision of the  agreement.  In addition,  with respect to each
such agreement that is a maintenance agreement or a CCMI agreement,  no party to
the agreement has notified  Parent,  the Shareholder or the Company that it does
not intend to renew any such  agreement  at the  expiration  of the current term
thereof.   Section  4(o)  of  the  Disclosure   Schedule  lists  each  currently
outstanding  bid or proposal for business  submitted by the Company in excess of
$25,000.


<PAGE> 28


(p) Notes and Accounts  Receivable.  All notes and accounts  receivable (and all
notes and  accounts  payables)  of the  Company  are  reflected  properly on the
Company Most Recent  Balance Sheet in accordance  with GAAP,  are valid and bona
fide receivables (payables) subject to no setoffs or counterclaims,  are current
and collectible  (due),  and, will be collected  (paid) in accordance with their
terms at their recorded  amounts and  consistent  with past custom and practice,
subject  only to the  reserve for bad debts set forth on the face of the Company
Most Recent Balance Sheet (rather than in any notes thereto) as adjusted for the
passage of time through the Closing Date in accordance  with the past custom and
practice  of the  Company.  The  Company  has not and  will  not  accelerate  or
decelerate  collection of notes or accounts  receivable (or payment of any notes
or accounts payable) at any time prior the Closing.

(q) Powers of Attorney.  There are no  outstanding  powers of attorney  executed
on behalf of the Company.

(r) Insurance.  Section 4(r) of the Disclosure Schedule includes a true, correct
and complete  list of all policies of insurance  (including  policies  providing
property,  casualty,  liability, and workers' compensation coverage and bond and
surety  arrangements)  to which the  Company  is a party,  a named  insured,  or
otherwise  the  beneficiary  of  coverage.  To  the  Knowledge  of  Parent,  the
Shareholder  and  the  Company,  genuine  and  complete  copies  of  each of the
insurance  policies listed in Section 4(r) of the Disclosure  Schedule have been
provided to Buyer. With respect to each such insurance policy: (A) the policy is
legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect; (B) the policy
will continue to be legal, valid,  binding,  enforceable,  and in full force and
effect  on  identical  terms  following  the  consummation  of the  transactions
contemplated  hereby;  (C) neither the Company nor, to the  Knowledge of Parent,
the Shareholder or the Company,  any other party to the policy,  is in breach or
default  (including  with  respect to the  payment of  premiums or the giving of
notices),  and no event has  occurred  which,  with notice or the lapse of time,
would constitute such a breach or default, or permit termination,  modification,
or  acceleration,  under  the  policy;  (D)  to the  Knowledge  of  Parent,  the
Shareholder or the Company,  neither the Company nor Buyer shall be subject to a
retroactive  rate  adjustment,  loss  sharing  arrangement  or other  actual  or
contingent Liability and (E) to the Knowledge of the Shareholder,  Parent or the
Company, no party to the policy has repudiated any provision thereof.

(s) Litigation. Section 4(s) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth each instance
in which the Company  (i) is subject to any  outstanding  injunction,  judgment,
order, decree,  ruling, or charge or (ii) is a party, or to the Knowledge of the
Shareholder,  Parent or the Company,  is  threatened,  in writing,  to be made a
party to any claim, action, suit, proceeding,  hearing, or investigation of, in,
or before any court or quasi-judicial  or administrative  agency of any federal,
state,  local, or foreign  jurisdiction  or before any  arbitrator.  There is no
other pending,  or to the Knowledge of the  Shareholder,  Parent or the Company,
threatened written claim, arbitration proceeding, action, suit, investigation or
other  proceeding  against or involving the Company or any property or rights of
the  Company or any officer or director  of the  Company.  None of the  actions,
suits,  proceedings,  hearings,  and investigations set forth in Section 4(s) of
the  Disclosure  Schedule  would  result  in a  Material  Adverse  Effect on the
Company.


<PAGE> 29


(t)  Governmental  Authorizations.  Set forth on Section 4(t) of the  Disclosure
Schedule  is a list  of all  authorizations,  consents,  approvals,  franchises,
licenses  and  permits  required  under  applicable  law or  regulation  for the
operation  of  the  business  of  the  Company  as   presently   operated   (the
"Governmental Authorizations"). All of the Governmental Authorizations have been
duly issued or obtained and are in full force and effect,  and the Company is in
compliance with the terms of all the  Governmental  Authorizations.  Neither the
Shareholder,  Parent nor the Company has any  Knowledge of any facts which would
be  expected  to  cause  either  of  them  to  believe  that  the   Governmental
Authorizations will not be renewed by the appropriate  governmental  authorities
in the ordinary course. Each of the Governmental Authorizations will continue in
full force and effect after the  consummation  of the  transaction  contemplated
hereby,  in each case  without  (i) the  occurrence  of any  breach,  default or
forfeiture of rights thereunder,  or (ii) the consent,  approval,  or act of, or
the making of any filings with, any Person.

(u) Commitments and Warranties.  All services  provided by the Company have been
performed in all material  respects in conformity  with all  applicable  written
contracts and all express and statutorily  implied  warranties,  and the Company
has no  Liability  in  connection  with any such  services.  Section 4(u) of the
Disclosure  Schedule includes copies of the  representative  agreements  entered
into between the Company and its customers. The Company has not entered into any
written   agreements  with  any  of  its  customers  that  include   guaranties,
warranties,  or indemnity provisions other than those included in the agreements
included as part of Section 4(u) of the Disclosure Schedule.

(v)  Liability  for Services  Performed.  The Company has no  Liability  arising
out of any  injury to  individuals or property  as a result of or  in connection
with any services  provided by the Company.

(w) Personnel.  Section 4(w) of the Disclosure  Schedule contains the names, job
descriptions,  date of hire, annual salary rates and other  compensation and the
amount of accrued and unused  vacation time of all employees and  consultants of
the Company  (including  compensation  paid or payable by the Company  under any
Employee  Benefit  Plan or  other  arrangement),  and a list  of all  employment
contracts,   consulting   agreements  and  written  consultant  and/or  employee
policies,  employee  manuals or other  written  statements  of rules or policies
concerning employment,  including working conditions, vacation and sick leave, a
complete  copy of each of  which  (or a  description,  if  unwritten)  has  been
delivered to Buyer.


<PAGE> 30


(x)  Employees.  The Company has complied with all  applicable  laws,  rules and
regulations which relate to prices,  wages, hours,  discrimination in employment
and  collective  bargaining,  and no  penalties  have been  assessed or could be
assessed for failure to comply with any of the  foregoing.  The Company,  Parent
and the Shareholder  believe that the Company's relations with its employees and
consultants  are  satisfactory.  None of the  employees  or  consultants  of the
Company  are  members  of any labor  union,  and the  Company is not a party to,
otherwise  bound by or,  to the  Knowledge  of the  Shareholder,  Parent  or the
Company,  threatened, with any labor or collective bargaining agreement. None of
the  employees  or  consultants  of the  Company  are  known  to be  engaged  in
organizing any labor union or other  employee group that is seeking  recognition
as a bargaining unit.  Without limiting the generality of this Section 4(x), (i)
no unfair  labor  practice  complaints  are pending or, to the  Knowledge of the
Shareholder,  Parent or the Company, threatened against the Company, and (ii) no
Person has made any claim,  and to the Knowledge of the  Shareholder,  Parent or
the  Company  there is no Basis for any claim,  against  the  Company  under any
statute,  regulation or ordinance relating to employees or employment practices,
including   without   limitation   those   relating  to  age,   sex  and  racial
discrimination,  conditions of employment,  and wages and hours. The Company has
no contingent Liability for sick leave,  vacation time, severance pay or similar
items.  The  Company  has no  contingent  material  Liability  for  occupational
diseases of its employees,  former employees or others. The execution,  delivery
and  performance  of this  Agreement and the  consummation  of the  transactions
contemplated  hereby  will  not  trigger  any  Liability  or any  severance  pay
obligation under any agreement, including any collective bargaining agreement or
under any law, rule or regulation. The compensation paid to any employee has not
been increased in contemplation of this transaction or any similar transaction.

(y)     Employee Benefits.

(i) Section 4(y) of the  Disclosure  Schedule  lists each Employee  Benefit Plan
that the Company or any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains,  contributes to, or
is required to contribute  to or under which the Company or any ERISA  Affiliate
has any Liability.

(A) Each such Employee Benefit Plan (and each related trust, insurance contract,
or fund,  if any)  complies in form and in operation  in all  respects  with the
applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code, and other applicable laws.

(B)  All  required  reports,  returns  and  disclosures  and  similar  documents
(including  Form 5500 Annual Reports,  Summary Annual Reports,  and Summary Plan
Descriptions) have been filed or distributed  appropriately with respect to each
such Employee  Benefit Plan. The requirements of Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I
of ERISA  and of Code  Section  4980B  have been met with  respect  to each such
Employee  Benefit Plan which is an Employee  Welfare  Benefit Plan providing for
group health benefits.

(C)  All  required  or  discretionary   contributions  (including  all  employer
contributions  and employee salary reduction  contributions)  which are due have
been  paid to each such  Employee  Benefit  Plan  which is an  Employee  Pension
Benefit  Plan and all  contributions  for any  period  ending on or  before  the
Closing Date which are not yet due have been paid to each such Employee  Pension
Benefit Plan or accrued in  accordance  with the past custom and practice of the
Company and in  accordance  with GAAP.  All  premiums or other  payments for all
periods ending on or before the Closing Date have been paid with respect to each
such  Employee  Benefit  Plan which is an  Employee  Welfare  Benefit  Plan.  No
Employee Benefit Plan of the Company has any unfunded  liabilities which are not
reflected  on the  Company  Most  Recent  Financial  Statements  or the book and
records of the Company.


<PAGE> 31


(D) Each such Employee  Benefit Plan which is an Employee  Pension  Benefit Plan
now  meets  and at all  times  since  inception  has met the  requirements  of a
"qualified plan" under Code Section 401(a) and has received, within the last two
years,  a favorable  determination  letter from the  Internal  Revenue  Service.
Nothing has occurred  since the date of such letter that would cause the loss of
such qualification. No investigation audit or review by the IRS, U.S. Department
of  Labor  or  the  PBGC  is  currently  pending  or,  to the  Knowledge  of the
Shareholder,  Parent  or the  Company,  threatened,  in which  such  agency  has
asserted  or may assert that such Plan is not  qualified  or that the Company or
any ERISA  Affiliate  has any federal Tax  Liability  on the basis that any such
Plan is not qualified.

(E) The  Shareholder  has delivered to Buyer correct and complete  copies of the
plan  documents  and  all  current  summary  plan  descriptions   including  all
amendments thereto,  summaries of all material modifications,  all determination
letters received from the Internal  Revenue  Service,  the three (3) most recent
Form 5500 Annual  Reports  (including  all schedules  thereto),  the most recent
actuarial  reports,  all agreements or contracts with any investment  manager or
investment advisor with respect to any Employee Benefit Plan of the Company, and
all related trust agreements,  insurance contracts, and other funding agreements
which  implement  each such Employee  Benefit Plan. In the case of any unwritten
Employee Benefit Plan, a written description has been furnished to Buyer.

(ii) With  respect to each  Employee  Benefit Plan that the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate sponsors,  maintains,  contributes to, or is required to contribute to
or under which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any Liability:

(A) No such Employee  Benefit Plan which is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan has
been completely or partially terminated.

(B) There have been no Prohibited Transactions with respect to any such Employee
Benefit Plan. No Fiduciary has any Liability for breach of fiduciary duty or any
other  failure  to act or  comply  in  connection  with  the  administration  or
investment  of the assets of any such Employee  Benefit  Plan. No action,  suit,
proceeding,  hearing, or investigation with respect to any such Employee Benefit
Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending or, to the Knowledge of
the Shareholder,  Parent or the Company, threatened. Neither the Shareholder nor
the  Company  has  any  Knowledge  of any  Basis  for  any  such  action,  suit,
proceeding, hearing, or investigation.

(iii)  Neither  the  Company  nor  any  ERISA  Affiliate  sponsors,   maintains,
contributes to, ever has contributed to, or ever has been required to contribute
to any Multiemployer  Plan or any Employee Pension Benefit Plan subject to Title
IV of ERISA, or has any Liability  (including  withdrawal  Liability)  under any
Multiemployer  Plan or any Employee  Pension Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of
ERISA.


<PAGE> 32


(iv)  Neither  the  Company  nor any  ERISA  Affiliate  sponsors,  maintains  or
contributes to, or has ever been required to contribute to any Employee  Welfare
Benefit Plan providing medical,  health, or life insurance or other welfare-type
benefits for current or future retired or terminated  employees,  their spouses,
or their dependents (other than in accordance with Code Section 4980B).

(v) No Employee Benefit Plan obligates the Company to pay separation, severance,
termination or similar  benefits as a result of any transaction  contemplated by
this  Agreement  or solely as a result of a "change of  control"  (as defined in
Section  280G of the  Code)  and no  individual  shall  accrue  or  receive  any
additional  benefits,  services  or  accelerated  rights to payments of benefits
under any Employee Benefit Plan as a result of the transactions  contemplated by
this Agreement.

(z) Guaranties. The Company is not a guarantor  of,  or  otherwise  liable  for,
any Liability or obligation (including indebtedness) of any other Person.

(aa) Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters. The Company and its predecessors
and Affiliates  have  complied  and  are in compliance  with all  Environmental,
Health,  and Safety Requirements.

(bb) Certain  Business  Relationships  with the  Company.  Neither  Parent,  the
Shareholder or any officer or director of the Company, Parent or the Shareholder
(individually, a "Company Related Party", and collectively, the "Company Related
Parties") (i) owns, directly or indirectly,  any interest in any Person which is
a  competitor,  supplier  or  customer of the  Company;  (ii) owns,  directly or
indirectly, in whole or in part, any property, asset or right, real, personal or
mixed,  tangible  or  intangible  (including,  but not  limited  to,  any of the
Intellectual  Property)  which is utilized by or in connection with the business
of the  Company;  (iii) is a customer or supplier of the  Company;  or (iv) is a
party to any contract,  agreement,  lease,  arrangement or written understanding
pertaining  or relating to the Company,  except for  employment,  consulting  or
other  personal  service  agreements  which are listed on  Section  4(bb) of the
Disclosure Schedule and except as otherwise  contemplated hereby. The Company is
not  indebted  to any  officer,  director  or  employee  of the  Company for any
Liability or obligation. No officer, director or employee of the Company, Parent
or the Shareholder is indebted to the Company for any Liability or obligation.

(cc) Absence of Certain  Business  Practices.  No Company Related Party,  acting
alone or together  with any other  Company  Related  Party,  has: (i)  received,
directly  or  indirectly,  any  rebates,  payments,   commissions,   promotional
allowances, or any other economic benefits,  regardless of their nature or type,
from any  customer,  supplier,  employee or agent of any  customer or  supplier,
official or employee of any government (domestic or foreign) or other Person; or
(ii) directly or indirectly,  given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar
benefit  to any  customer,  supplier,  employee  or  agent  of any  customer  or
supplier,  official or employee of any government (domestic or foreign),  or any
political  party or candidate  for office  (domestic or foreign) or other Person
who was,  is or may be in a  position  to help or  hinder  the  business  of the
Company  (or  assist  the  Company in  connection  with any  actual or  proposed
transaction) which (A) would subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any
civil,  criminal or governmental  litigation or proceeding,  (B) if not given in
the past, would have had a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or (C) if not
continued in the future, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.


<PAGE> 33


(dd)  Customers.  Neither  Parent,  the Company nor the Shareholder has received
notice from any of its customers stating that the customer intends to reduce the
volume of business that it currently conducts with the Company or to cease doing
business with the Company. Section 4(dd) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
list of each  customer  that  accounted  for  more  that 5% of the  consolidated
revenues of the Company  during the last full fiscal year or the interim  period
through the date of the Company Most Recent Financial  Statements and the amount
of revenues  accounted  for by such  customer  during each such  period.  To the
Knowledge of Parent,  the Shareholder and the Company,  the  consummation of the
transactions  contemplated hereby will not have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company's  relationship  with  any  customer  listed  in  Section  4(dd)  of the
Disclosure Schedule.

(ee) List of Accounts.  Section 4(ee) of the  Disclosure  Schedule lists (i) the
name  and  address  of each  bank or other  institution  in  which  the  Company
maintains an account  (cash,  securities or other) or safe deposit box; (ii) the
name  and  phone  number  of the  Company's  contact  person  at  such  bank  or
institution;  (iii) the account number of the relevant account and a description
of the type of account;  and (iv) the persons authorized to transact business in
such accounts.

(ff)    Bulk Sales.  The  transactions  contemplated  under this   Agreement are
not subject to any bulk sales, transfer or similar law of any jurisdiction.

(gg)  Disclosure.  Neither this Agreement nor any of the  Disclosure  Schedules,
exhibits,  attachments,  written  statements,  documents,  certificates or other
items  prepared  for or  supplied  to Buyer by the  Shareholder,  Parent  or the
Company  with  respect  to either  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  the
Shareholder,  Parent or the Company  contains any untrue statement of a material
fact or  omits  to state  any  material  fact  necessary  in order to make  each
statement contained herein or therein not misleading. There is no fact which the
Shareholder,  Parent or the Company  has not  disclosed  to Buyer  herein and of
which the Shareholder or the Company is aware which could be anticipated to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

5.      Deliveries of Buyer at Closing.

        Buyer  shall,  and  shall  cause the  Company  or such  other  Person as
indicated below to, deliver to Parent and the Shareholder at Closing:

(a)     All Governmental   Authorizations and all approvals,  waivers,  consents
and notices of any other Person necessary  for the  consummation by Buyer of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement;

(b) A  certificate  of the  Secretary of Buyer in the form of Exhibit B attached
hereto  certifying as to certain  matters,  including the  incumbency of certain
officers  and copies of the  resolutions  adopted by the Board of  Directors  of
Buyer  authorizing  and  approving the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  the
execution  of this  Agreement  and  the  other  agreements  to be  executed  and
delivered by Buyer  pursuant to the terms hereof,  and the  consummation  of the
transactions contemplated hereby;


<PAGE> 34


(c)     A  certificate  of  good  standing  issued  by the  Secretary  of  State
of  Delaware demonstrating that Buyer is in good standing;

(d)     A copy of the Certificate  of  Designation  as filed with the  Secretary
of State of Delaware;

(e) (i) A copy of Buyer's  letter of direction to its transfer  agent  directing
such transfer agent to issue a certificate  representing  the Buyer Common Stock
constituting  the  Closing  Consideration  to the  Shareholder  and a  temporary
certificate  representing  the  Buyer  Common  Stock  constituting  the  Closing
Consideration,  which  temporary  certificate  will be  returned  to  Buyer  for
cancellation  immediately  upon receipt by the  Shareholder  of the  Certificate
issued by Buyer's transfer agent, and (ii) a certificate  representing the Buyer
Preferred Stock constituting the Closing Consideration;

(f)     A  marketing agreement, in the form  attached  hereto as  Exhibit C (the
"Marketing Agreement"), executed by the Company;

(g)     A stockholders' agreement, in the form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  E
(the "Stockholders'  Agreement"), executed by Buyer,  H.Irwin  Levy and  Maurice
Halperin  and certain of their respective Affiliates;

(h)     An  employment agreement,  in the form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  F
(the  "Gates Employment Agreement"), executed by the Company;

(i) A Registration  Rights  Agreement,  in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G
(the "Registration  Rights  Agreement"),  executed by Buyer, which will provide,
among other things,  that (i) the  Shareholder  shall be entitled to (A) one (1)
demand  registration with respect to the Common Shares,  the Conversion  Shares,
the Earn Out Shares,  if any,  and the Option  Shares at any time after Buyer is
eligible  to file a  registration  statement  on Form  S-3,  which  registration
statement will remain effective until the earliest of (x) the sale of the shares
pursuant to such registration statement, (y) the date on which all of the shares
become  eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act during a
three  month  period and (z) the date the shares are  transferred  to any Person
other  than  an  Affiliate  of the  Shareholder,  and  (B)  unlimited  piggyback
registration  rights;  and  (ii)  Buyer  will  pay  all  expenses  of  any  such
registration,  other than any underwriting discounts and commissions which shall
be borne by the Shareholder;

(j)     An Irrevocable Proxy, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H, executed
by H.Irwin Levy and Maurice Halperin and certain of their respective Affiliates;

(k) A convertible  promissory  note,  in the form attached  hereto as Exhibit I,
executed  by  Buyer in favor of Halco  Investments,  L.C.  in  exchange  for the
currently outstanding note held by Halco Investments, L.C.;


<PAGE> 35


(l)  A current draft of the contract with Adaptec, attached hereto as Exhibit J;

(m)  A Working  Capital  Assurance  Agreement,  in the form  attached  hereto as
Exhibit K, executed by Hilcoast Development Corp. and Buyer; and

(n)  The Sublicense Agreement, executed by the Company.

6.   Deliveries of Parent and the Shareholder at Closing.

        Parent and the Shareholder  shall,  and shall cause such other Person as
indicated below to, deliver to Buyer at Closing:

(a) All Governmental Authorizations and all approvals,  waivers, consents (other
than the  consent  of FSP Willow  Bend  Office,  Ltd.  (the  "Landlord")  to the
Sublease  Agreement,  which shall be delivered  post-closing) and notices of any
other Person necessary for the consummation by the Shareholder and Parent of the
transactions   contemplated  by  this  Agreement  and/or  which  are  reasonably
necessary for the  operation of the Company on a going concern basis  consistent
with past practices;

(b) Certificate of the  Secretaries of each of the Company,  the Shareholder and
Parent in the forms of  Exhibit  L  attached  hereto  certifying  as to  certain
matters,  including  the  incumbency  of  certain  officers  and  copies  of the
resolutions  adopted by their  respective  Boards of Directors  authorizing  and
approving the transactions  contemplated hereby, the execution of this Agreement
and the other  agreements  to be executed and delivered by each of them pursuant
to the terms  hereof,  and the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby;

(c) Evidence of the Company's  qualification to do business in each jurisdiction
where it is so  qualified  and a  certificate  of good  standing  issued  by the
Secretary of State of each such jurisdiction  demonstrating  that the Company is
in good standing in that jurisdiction;

(d) The  certificates  representing  the  shares of Company  Stock  owned by the
Shareholder,  endorsed in blank or with stock  powers duly  executed to transfer
such stock to Buyer, free and clear of all Taxes,  Security Interests,  liens or
other encumbrances;

(e)  Evidence  that the  Shareholder  has  contributed  the  assets set forth in
Section 6(e) of the Disclosure Schedule to the Stonehouse Subsidiary pursuant to
appropriate transfer documents in form and substance satisfactory to Buyer;

(f)     The Stockholders' Agreement executed by the Shareholder;

(g)     The Gates Employment Agreement, executed by Jack Gates;

(h)     The Marketing Agreement, executed by Parent and the Shareholder;

(i)     The Registration Rights Agreement, executed by the Shareholder;


<PAGE> 36


(j)     An  accounts  receivable  and  accounts  payable  aging  schedule of the
Company as of May 31, 2002  prepared in good faith  by  the  Shareholder and the
Company; and

(k)     The Sublicense Agreement, executed by Parent.

7.      Post-Closing Covenants.

        The Parties  agree as follows with respect to the period  following  the
Closing:

(a)  General.  In case at any time  after  the  Closing  any  further  action is
necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement,  each of the
Parties will take such further  action  (including the execution and delivery of
such  further  instruments  and  documents)  as any other Party  reasonably  may
request,  all at the sole cost and expense of the  requesting  Party (unless the
requesting  Party is  entitled  to  indemnification  therefore  under  Section 8
below).  Parent and the Shareholder  acknowledges  and agree that from and after
the  Closing,  Buyer will be entitled to  possession  of all  documents,  books,
records  (including  Tax records),  agreements,  and financial  data of any sort
relating to the Company;  provided,  however,  that the  Shareholder  may retain
copies of all such documents.

(b)  Litigation  Support.  In the event and for so long as any Party is actively
contesting  or  defending  against  any  action,  suit,   proceeding,   hearing,
investigation,  charge,  complaint,  claim, or demand in connection with (i) any
transaction  contemplated  under  this  Agreement  or (ii) any fact,  situation,
circumstance,  status, condition,  activity, practice, plan, occurrence,  event,
incident, action, failure to act, or transaction on or prior to the Closing Date
involving the Company,  each of the other Parties will  cooperate with him or it
and  his  or its  counsel  in the  contest  or  defense,  make  available  their
personnel,  and provide such  testimony and access to their books and records as
shall be necessary in  connection  with the contest or defense,  all at the sole
cost and expense of the contesting or defending  Party (unless the contesting or
defending Party is entitled to indemnification therefor under Section 8 below).

(c) Transition. Neither Parent nor the Shareholder shall take any action that is
designed or intended to have the effect of  discouraging  any lessor,  licensor,
customer,   supplier,  or  other  business  associate  of  the  Company  or  its
Subsidiaries from maintaining the same business  relationships  with the Company
or its  Subsidiaries  after the Closing as it maintained with the Company or its
Subsidiaries  prior to the Closing.  Parent and the Shareholder  shall refer all
customer  inquiries  relating to the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries
to Buyer from and after the Closing.

(d) Independent Accountants. After the Closing, Parent and the Shareholder shall
(i) use reasonable  efforts to cause the Company's past and present  independent
auditors  and   accounting   personnel  to  make  available  to  Buyer  and  its
representatives  all financial  information,  including the right to examine all
working papers  pertaining to audits or reviews  previously or hereafter made by
such  auditors  relating to the Company,  and (ii) provide such  cooperation  as
Buyer and its representatives may request in connection with any audit or review
of the Company that Buyer may direct its representatives to make.


<PAGE> 37


(e) Securities Act and Securities  Exchange Act Filings.  In connection with the
Shareholder's receipt of the Buyer Securities hereunder, the Shareholder will be
obligated  to file  all  documents  required  to be  filed by it with the SEC in
connection with the holding of the Buyer Securities. The Shareholder agrees that
it will, and will use reasonable efforts to cause the Company's past and present
independent  auditors,  accounting  personnel  and other  necessary  persons to,
cooperate with Buyer in the preparation of any documents filed or to be filed by
Buyer  with  the  SEC,  to the  extent  information  about  the  Company  or the
Shareholder is required therein.

(f) Tax Matters.  Parent and the Shareholder  covenant and agree not to take any
action,  or fail to take any action,  with respect to Taxes,  that would have an
adverse effect on the Company or Buyer on or after the Closing Date,  including,
without limitation, amending or otherwise supplementing any Tax Return or report
of the Company with  respect to any  Pre-Closing  Period  without the consent of
Buyer. If any taxing authority  conducts any audit or investigation  relating to
the Company for a Pre-Closing Period, Buyer may, in its sole election,  have the
right to represent the Company in such audit or investigation and to provide any
response required in connection therewith.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer
shall not have the right to represent  the Company on any matters  relating to a
Tax Return filed for the consolidated group by Parent.

(g) Buyer Stock  Option  Plan.  Buyer  agrees that all of the  employees  of the
Company who continue to be employed by the Company  after the Closing Date shall
be eligible for  participation  in any stock option plan generally  available to
employees  of Buyer and its  Affiliates  to the extent  such  employee  would be
eligible to  participate  if he or she were an employee of Buyer.  Buyer further
agrees to offer to all  employees of the Company who,  immediately  prior to the
Closing  Date,  hold  options to purchase  Company  Common  Stock,  the right to
exchange such options for options to purchase Buyer Common Stock.

(h) Audited  Financial  Statements.  Parent and the Shareholder  shall cause the
Company's  auditors to cooperate  with Buyer's  auditors in the  preparation  of
audited  consolidated  balance  sheets  and  statements  of  income,  changes in
shareholders'  equity, and cash flow including the audit report thereon for such
periods as Buyer may request.  All costs  associated  with the  preparation  and
audit of such financial statements shall be paid by Buyer.

(i)  Stockholders'  Meeting.  Within thirty (30) days of the Closing Date, Buyer
shall file with the SEC  preliminary  proxy  materials with respect to an annual
meeting of its  stockholders for the purpose of voting upon, among other things,
(i) the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Buyer Preferred
Stock in accordance with the  Certificate of  Designation;  (ii) the issuance of
the  Additional  Common  Stock to the extent  Buyer is  obligated  to issue such
Additional  Common  Stock  pursuant  to Section  2(c)(i)  hereof;  and (iii) the
issuance of Buyer  Common  Stock upon the  exercise of certain  options  held by
Pacific Technology Services,  Inc., an Affiliate of the Shareholder (the "Option
Shares").  Buyer shall use its best effort to hold such  annual  meeting  within
seventy-five (75) days of the Closing Date.

(j)     Confidential Information; Nonsolicitation; Noncompetition.


<PAGE> 38


(i) Parent and the  Shareholder  recognize and  acknowledge  that they and their
Affiliates will have access to certain confidential information of Buyer and the
Company  and that such  information  constitutes  valuable,  special  and unique
property of such entity.  Parent and the Shareholder  shall not, and shall cause
their  Affiliates  not to,  disclose  or use,  at any time  hereafter,  any such
confidential  information,  including without limitation,  information regarding
research,  developments,   product  designs  or  specifications,   manufacturing
processes,  "know-how," prices, suppliers,  customers, costs or any knowledge or
information  with  respect  to  confidential  or trade  secrets  of Buyer or the
Company.  Notwithstanding  the preceding  sentence,  it is understood  that such
confidential information does not include information that is publicly available
unless such  information  became  publicly  available as a result of a breach of
this  provision  or  information  that is  required  by law or the  order of any
governmental  authority  under  color  of law to be  disclosed.  Parent  and the
Shareholder  acknowledge and agree that all notes, records,  reports,  sketches,
plans,  unpublished  memoranda or other documents belonging to the Company,  but
held by Parent or the  Shareholder  or any of their  Affiliates,  concerning any
information relating to Buyer or the Company's business, whether confidential or
not, are the property of the Company.

(ii) Parent and the Shareholder hereby agree that at all times during the period
ending four years from the Closing Date (the "Nonsolicitation  Period"), neither
Parent nor the  Shareholder  nor any of their U.S.  Affiliates  or any  non-U.S.
Affiliates  to the extent  controlled  by Parent (the  "Noncompete  Affiliates")
shall, directly or indirectly,  induce, influence,  combine or conspire with, or
attempt to induce,  influence,  combine or conspire  with,  any of the officers,
employees,  agents, consultants,  customers or suppliers of the Company or Buyer
to terminate their employment,  or other  relationship,  with or compete against
the Company,  Buyer or any  Subsidiaries of the Company or Buyer in any business
which the Company,  Buyer or any of their Subsidiaries is actively engaged in on
the date hereof (the "Business").

(iii) From the Closing  Date until the fourth  anniversary  of the Closing  Date
(the  "Noncompete  Period"),  neither Parent nor the  Shareholder nor any of the
Noncompete Affiliates shall,  directly or indirectly,  engage in the Business in
the United  States or  Canada,  except as agent of the  Company,  and shall not,
directly or indirectly,  as owner, partner,  joint venturer,  employee,  broker,
agent, corporate officer, principal,  licensor, shareholder (unless as a passive
owner of no more than three percent (3%) of the issued and  outstanding  capital
stock of such entity if such stock is publicly  traded) or in any other capacity
whatsoever,  engage  in or have  any  connection  with  any  business  which  is
competitive with the Business,  and which operates anywhere in the United States
or Canada.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing  agreement,  nothing  herein shall be
deemed to  prohibit  the  activities  of Parent or the  Shareholder  pursuant or
related to the Marketing Agreement.

(iv) If, in any judicial proceedings, a court shall refuse to enforce any of the
covenants included in this Section 7(j), then such unenforceable  covenant shall
be  amended to relate to such  lesser  period or  geographical  area as shall be
enforceable.  In the event the Company  should  bring any legal  action or other
proceeding  against  Parent  and/or  the  Shareholder  for  enforcement  of this
Agreement, the calculation of the Nonsolicitation and Noncompete Period, if any,
shall not include the period of time  commencing with the filing of legal action
or other proceeding to enforce this Agreement through the date of final judgment
or final resolution including all appeals, if any, of such legal action or other
proceeding  unless the  Company is  receiving  the  practical  benefits  of this
Section 7(j) during such time.


<PAGE> 39


(v) Parent and the Shareholder hereby acknowledge that the restrictions on their
activity as contained  in this  Agreement  are  required for Buyer's  reasonable
protection and is a material  inducement to Buyer to enter into this  Agreement.
Parent and the  Shareholder  hereby agree that in the event of the  violation by
any of them or any of the Noncompete Affiliates of any of the provisions of this
Agreement,  Buyer and/or the Company will be entitled to institute and prosecute
proceedings at law or in equity to obtain damages with respect to such violation
or to enforce  the  specific  performance  of this  Agreement  by Parent and the
Shareholder  and  the  Noncompete   Affiliates  or  to  enjoin  Parent  and  the
Shareholder from engaging in any activity in violation hereof.  The existence of
any claim or cause of action by Parent or the Shareholder against the Company or
Buyer  predicated  on this  Agreement  shall not  constitute  a  defense  to the
enforcement by the Company of these covenants.

(vi) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge that (a) Parent will
be performing numerous marketing and related activities on behalf of the Company
pursuant to the terms and  conditions  of the  Marketing  Agreement,  including,
without  limitation,  the solicitation of potential buyers;  (b) pursuant to the
terms of a certain reseller agreement,  an affiliate of Parent is engaged in the
distribution and sale of Buyer's products throughout Asia and elsewhere; and (c)
due to the  intermingling  of the marketing  functions and other activities that
Parent may pursue on behalf of Buyer, numerous  cross-relationships  may develop
between  Affiliates and subsidiaries of Parent,  Parent,  Buyer and the Company,
including cross-sales and cross marketing opportunities.

(k)  Operation  of the Company.  Buyer  covenants  and agrees  that,  during the
Valuation  Period,  it will not allow the Company to pay any dividend,  make any
distribution  or loan, or pay any management  fees to Buyer or its Affiliates to
the extent such payment  would have a Material  Adverse  Effect on the Company's
operations,  results of operations,  financial  condition or ability to generate
sales.

(l) Employee  Benefits.  Buyer  covenants  and agrees that all of the  Company's
employees  who  continue to be employed  by the Company  after the Closing  Date
shall  continue  to  receive,  from the  Company or Buyer,  substantially  those
benefits  that they  received from the Company prior to the Closing Date. In the
event that, after the Closing Date, Buyer terminates the Company's retirement or
pension plans,  to the extent  permitted by the Company's  plans,  the Company's
employees  shall  receive  credit for years of service  rendered  to the Company
prior to the  termination of the Company's plans and shall not be subject to any
eligibility requirements of Buyer's plans.

(m) AMEX Listing  Application;  AMEX Listing.  Buyer  covenants and agrees that,
within  five (5)  business  days  after  the  Closing  Date,  Buyer  will file a
supplemental  listing  application with the American Stock Exchange ("AMEX") for
the Buyer  Securities  (other than the Buyer  Preferred  Stock) and will use its
best  efforts to cause such Buyer  Securities  to be listed for trading on AMEX.
Buyer shall  fully  comply with the letter to Buyer dated May 28, 2002 from AMEX
and  shall  submit  to AMEX a plan  (the  "Plan")  by June  28,  2002 to  regain
compliance by June 30, 2003 with the continued listing standards as set forth in
Part 10 of the AMEX Company Guide.  The Plan shall include a timely  schedule of
interim  milestones.  Buyer shall fully comply with the terms and  conditions of
the Plan in the form approved by AMEX.


<PAGE> 40


(n) New Product  Introduction.  Buyer shall use its best  efforts to  diligently
complete any testing  stages and commence the  introduction  and sale of Buyer's
new data storage  product,  NexStor 4000 Series (the "New  Product"),  and shall
promptly  thereafter commence the development of a rollout strategy and business
plan for the New Product. All such efforts shall be directed at the introduction
of the New Product to the market as soon as commercially  practicable to enhance
Buyer's sales and revenues.

(o) Commercial  Guaranty.  Buyer and the Company shall use best efforts to cause
the release of that certain  Commercial  Guaranty dated November 1, 1999 made by
Parent on behalf of the Company in favor of Comerica Bank-Texas in the amount of
$500,000 within 90 days of the Closing Date.  Buyer agrees to indemnify and hold
Parent harmless with respect to any obligation of the Company (including,  costs
and  expenses  (including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees))
arising under such guaranty for which Parent is responsible thereunder.

(p) Certain Additional  Covenants  of  Parent.  Parent  covenants  and agrees to
take the following actions, at its sole cost and expense:

(i) use best  efforts to secure  the  consent of the  Landlord  to the  Sublease
Agreement  within  30 days of the  Closing.  To the  extent  Parent is unable to
secure such consent within such 30 day period (unless good-faith negotiations or
discussions are  continuing),  it agrees to pay all reasonable  costs associated
with any move  required in writing by the  Landlord to be made by the Company to
comparable leased space in or around Plano, Texas;

(ii) dissolve  Stonehouse  Canada, Inc.  as  soon  as practicable  following the
Closing;

(iii) (A) to the extent any  employee of the Company  elects not to exchange any
of his or her options for options to purchase  Buyer  Common  Stock  pursuant to
Section  7(g)  above,  (B) in the case of the option to  purchase  shares of the
Company  Capital Stock held by Barry Honea and (C) in the case of the warrant to
purchase  200,000  shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock  held by  Heidrick  &
Struggles,  Inc.,  as promptly as  practicable  following  the Closing,  seek to
negotiate  in good faith the  purchase,  exchange  or other  resolution  of such
options  or  warrants  or any  shares of  Company  Capital  Stock for which such
options or warrants  may have been  exercised  or deemed to have been  exercised
upon the Closing or any other  options or warrants or shares of Company  Capital
Stock  outstanding  immediately  prior to the  Closing  (other  than any Company
Capital  Stock held by the  Shareholder),  which in the case of clause (A) above
will be done in consultation  with and on terms which are reasonably  acceptable
to Buyer. To the extent Parent  acquires  shares of Company Capital Stock,  such
shares will be immediately transferred to Buyer for no additional consideration.
In  connection  with  any  purchase  hereunder,  Parent  will  obtain  from  the
optionholder or shareholder a release in the form attached hereto Exhibit M;


<PAGE> 41


(iv) Pay all amounts  owed by the Company to (A) Epsilon Data  Management,  Inc.
pursuant to the terms of the  agreement  between  the  Company and Epsilon  Data
Management,  Inc.  dated May 17, 2002; (B) Lori  Ferrer-Harrell  pursuant to the
terms of the  Settlement  Agreement  between the Company and Ms.  Ferrer-Harrell
dated April 4, 2002 and (C) John Todd  pursuant  to the terms of the  Employment
Agreement  between the Company and John Todd dated  February 15,  2001,  in each
case in accordance  with the terms of such  agreement or such other terms as may
amicably be negotiated  between Parent, on behalf of the Company,  and the other
party thereto;

(v) (A) Use best  efforts to ensure that all lease  payments are made and comply
in all material  respects with the other terms of that certain Lease Intended as
Security  Number  28139-00600  between  Parent  and Banc of  America  Leasing  &
Capital,  LLC dated  October  25,  2000 and the  Schedule  to Lease  Intended as
Security  Number 004 between Parent and Banc of America  Leasing & Capital,  LLC
dated  February  28,  2001,  each  as  assigned  to  LaSalle   National  Leasing
Corporation  ("Lessor")  on  February  28,  2001 (the  "Monies  Lease")  for the
duration thereof;  and (B) immediately  provide written notice to the Company of
any notice,  oral or  written,  received  from the Lessor of Lessor's  intent to
exercise its remedies  upon default  under the Monies  Lease,  in order that the
Company  or its  Affiliates  may  have the  right,  but not the  obligation,  to
negotiate with Lessor to forestall the exercise of such remedies but only to the
extent not in  derogation  of any rights of Parent or any guarantor or surety of
Parent's  obligations  under the Monies Lease to forestall  the exercise of such
remedies;

(vi) Fully comply with the terms of that certain  Sublicense  Agreement  between
Parent and the Company dated as of the date hereof in the form  attached  hereto
as Exhibit N (the "Sublicense Agreement") for the duration thereof;

(vii)  Purchase  the MONIES  software at the end of the Base Term (as defined in
the Monies Lease) of the Monies Lease and immediately  transfer all right, title
and  interest  to the MONIES  software  to the  Company in  exchange  for $1 and
deliver any and all copies of the original source code to the MONIES software to
the Company,  together  with any and all  modifications,  revisions,  additions,
alterations, error corrections,  updates to, and all new versions of, the MONIES
software;

(viii)  Cause that certain Tax  Allocation  Agreement  dated April 28, 1992,  as
amended,  to be  terminated  with  respect to the  Company  effective  as of the
Closing Date  pursuant to a termination  agreement  reasonably  satisfactory  to
Buyer and the Company;

(ix) Diligently  negotiate  and/or defend on behalf of the Company those matters
set forth on Section 4(s) of the  Disclosure  Schedule  relating to Janice Keene
(to the extent necessary to respond to judicial or  administrative  process) and
Edelman  Public  Relations  Worldwide,  and pay  all  amounts,  if any,  finally
determined  to be owed by the  Company to such  Persons in  accordance  with the
terms of any agreements  which may be amicably  negotiated  between  Parent,  on
behalf of the Company, and such Persons;


<PAGE> 42


(q)  Sublease.  Buyer and Parent  will  negotiate  in good faith to enter into a
sublease  agreement for the real property  located at Willow Bend Center I, 2740
N. Dallas Parkway, Plano, Texas 75093, substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit D (the "Sublease  Agreement"),  as soon as practicable  following the
Closing.

8.      Remedies for Breaches of this Agreement.

(a) Survival of  Representations  and  Warranties.  All of the  representations,
warranties,  covenants and agreements of the Parties contained in this Agreement
or in any certificate,  document,  instrument or agreement delivered pursuant to
this  Agreement  shall survive the Closing  hereunder  (notwithstanding  any due
diligence investigations that may have been undertaken by the damaged Party) and
continue in full force and effect for a period of two (2) years from the Closing
Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) a claim for indemnification in respect
of a breach of the  representations  and  warranties set forth in Sections 3(a),
3(b)(i)-(iv),  4(a)-4(e),  4(k), 4(y) and 4(aa) may be made until the expiration
of all  applicable  statutes of  limitations  and (ii) a breach of any  covenant
contained herein shall survive for the period set forth therein.

(b)    Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of Buyer.

(i) In the event the  Company,  Parent or the  Shareholder  breaches  (or in the
event that any third  party  alleges  facts that,  if true,  would mean that the
Company,  Parent or the  Shareholder  has breached) any of its  representations,
warranties  (or  any  of  such   representations  or  warranties  is  untrue  or
inaccurate),  covenants and agreements  contained  herein or in any certificate,
document,  instrument or agreement  delivered  pursuant to this Agreement,  and,
provided that the Indemnified Buyers (as hereafter defined) make a written claim
for  indemnification  against the Shareholder  and/or Parent pursuant to Section
11(f) below within the applicable  claim period  provided in Section 8(a) above,
then Parent and the Shareholder, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify Buyer
and  each  of  its  officers,   directors,   employees  and  shareholders   (the
"Indemnified  Buyers") from and against any Adverse Consequences the Indemnified
Buyers may suffer  through  and after the date of the claim for  indemnification
(including any Adverse  Consequences the Indemnified Buyers may suffer after the
end of any applicable claim period) resulting from, arising out of, relating to,
in the nature of, or caused by the breach (or the alleged breach).

(ii)  Without  limiting  any other  indemnification  provided in this Section 8,
Parent and the Shareholder  agree to indemnify the  Indemnified  Buyers from and
against any Adverse  Consequences  the Indemnified  Buyers may suffer  resulting
from,  arising out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by any Liability
of the Company (x) for any Taxes of the Company  with respect to any Tax year or
portion  thereof  ending  on or  before  the  Closing  Date or for any Tax  year
beginning  before  and ending  after the  Closing  Date to the extent  allocable
(determined  in a manner  consistent  with  Section  10) to the  portion of such
period  beginning before and ending on the Closing Date), and (y) for the unpaid
Taxes of any Person (other than the Company) under Reg. Section 1.1502-6 (or any
similar  provision  of  state,  local,  or  foreign  law),  as a  transferee  or
successor,  by contract, by operation of law or otherwise.  For the avoidance of
doubt, and without limiting any other  indemnification  provided in this Section
8, Parent and the Shareholder agree to indemnify the Indemnified Buyers from and
against any Adverse  Consequences  the Indemnified  Buyers may suffer  resulting
from, arising out of, relating to (A) the audit of Parent being conducted by the
Internal  Revenue  Service  relative to the years ending  September 30, 1996 and
September 30, 1997, and (B) the Tax  Allocation  Agreement for any year in which
the Company was a member of the Group (as defined therein).


<PAGE> 43


(iii)  Without  limiting any other  indemnification  provided in this Section 8,
Parent and the Shareholder  agree to indemnify the  Indemnified  Buyers from and
against any Adverse Consequences they may suffer resulting from, arising out of,
relating to, in the nature of, or caused by the  activities  of any entity which
at any time has been owned, in whole or in part, by the Company.

(iv)  Without  limiting  any other  indemnification  provided in this Section 8,
Parent and the Shareholder  agree to indemnify the  Indemnified  Buyers from and
against any Adverse Consequences they may suffer resulting from, arising out of,
relating  to,  in the  nature  of, or caused  by any  Retained  Liabilities  (as
hereafter  defined).  As used herein, the term "Retained  Liabilities" means all
liabilities,  claims, commitments, demands or obligations of the Company (or any
subsidiary  of the  Company)  existing  or  arising  out of any  facts or set of
operative facts existing on or prior to the Closing Date and incurred other than
in the Ordinary  Course of Business.  The Retained  Liabilities  shall  include,
without  limitation,  (A) any severance  obligations  owed to John Todd or Barry
Honea, (B) disputed  payables owed to Epsilon Data Management,  Inc. and Edelman
Public  Relations,  Inc.,  (C) any  claims  which  have been or may be  asserted
against the Company by Janice Keene, and (D) any settlement  obligations owed to
Lori Ferrer-Harrell.

(v) Without  limiting  any other  indemnification  provided  in this  Section 8,
Parent and the Shareholder  agree to indemnify the  Indemnified  Buyers from and
against any Adverse  Consequences they may suffer resulting from, or arising out
of, relating to, or in the nature of, or caused by any claim by a stockholder or
former  stockholder  of the Company or any other Person  seeking to assert:  (i)
ownership or rights to  ownership of any shares of capital  stock of the Company
or any  Subsidiary,  (ii) any  rights of a  stockholder  including  any  option,
preemptive rights or rights to receive notice or to vote, (iii) any rights under
the Company's charter,  bylaws or other constituent documents, or (iv) any claim
that his shares of capital stock were to be repurchased by the Company.

(vi)  Without  limiting  any other  indemnification  provided in this Section 8,
Parent and the Shareholder  agree to indemnify the  Indemnified  Buyers from and
against any Adverse  Consequences  they may suffer as a result of the  Company's
failure to be duly authorized to conduct business and in good standing under the
laws of any jurisdiction  where such qualification is or has been required as of
or prior to the Closing Date.

(vii)  Without  limiting any other  indemnification  provided in this Section 8,
Parent and the Shareholder  agree to indemnify the  Indemnified  Buyers from and
against any Adverse Consequences they may suffer resulting from, arising out of,
relating to, any plan terminations,  including any partial termination, that may
have occurred with respect to Parent's 401(k) savings plan.


<PAGE> 44


(viii) Without  limiting any other  indemnification  provided in this Section 8,
Parent and the Shareholder  agree to indemnify Buyer and its  subsidiaries  from
and  against any  Adverse  Consequences  (including  any  amounts  necessary  to
purchase or obtain a license to use the MONIES  software  from the Lessor)  they
may suffer  resulting  from,  arising out of, or relating to, any claim that the
Company does not have a valid right to use the MONIES  software  pursuant to the
Sublicense  during the term of the Monies  Lease or right to purchase the MONIES
software upon expiration thereof in accordance with Section 7(p)(vii).

(ix) The  indemnification  obligations of Parent and the Shareholder  under this
Section 8 shall be joint and several.

(c) Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of Parent and the Shareholder. In the
event Buyer  breaches (or in the event any third party  alleges  facts that,  if
true,  would mean Buyer had breached) any of their  representations,  warranties
(or  any of  such  representations  or  warranties  is  untrue  or  inaccurate),
covenants  and  agreements  contained  herein or in any  certificate,  document,
instrument or agreement delivered pursuant to this Agreement, and, provided that
Parent or the  Shareholder  makes a written  claim for  indemnification  against
Buyer  pursuant  to Section  11(f)  below  within the  applicable  claim  period
provided in Section 8(a) above,  then Buyer  agrees to indemnify  Parent and the
Shareholder  and each of their  respective  officers,  directors,  employees and
shareholders  (the  "Indemnified  Shareholders")  from and  against  any Adverse
Consequences the Indemnified  Shareholders may suffer through and after the date
of the  claim  for  indemnification  (including  any  Adverse  Consequences  the
Indemnified  Shareholders  may  suffer  after  the end of any  applicable  claim
period) resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused
by the breach (or the alleged breach).

(i) Buyer  shall  indemnify  the  Shareholder  and Parent  against  any  Adverse
Consequences they may suffer resulting from, arising out of, or relating to, any
claims asserted against the Shareholder or Parent by Buyer's broker or finder.

(d)     Matters Involving Third Parties.

(i) If any third  party  shall  notify  any party  entitled  to  indemnification
hereunder (the  "Indemnified  Party") with respect to any matter (a "Third Party
Claim")  which may give rise to a claim for  indemnification  against  any other
Party (the  "Indemnifying  Party")  under this  Section 8, then the  Indemnified
Party shall promptly notify each Indemnifying  Party thereof in writing pursuant
to  Section  11(f);  provided,  however,  that  no  delay  on  the  part  of the
Indemnified  Party  in  notifying  any  Indemnifying  Party  shall  relieve  the
Indemnifying Party from any obligation  hereunder unless (and then solely to the
extent) the Indemnifying Party thereby is materially prejudiced.


<PAGE> 45


(ii) Any Indemnifying  Party will have the right to defend the Indemnified Party
against the Third Party Claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory
to the  Indemnified  Party so long as (A) the  Indemnifying  Party  notifies the
Indemnified Party in writing within thirty (30) days after the Indemnified Party
has given  notice of the Third  Party  Claim  that the  Indemnifying  Party will
indemnify the Indemnified  Party from and against any Adverse  Consequences  the
Indemnified Party may suffer resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in the
nature of, or caused by the Third Party Claim  (except to the extent the failure
to so notify the Indemnified Party would not result in any Adverse  Consequences
to the Indemnified Party), (B) the Third Party Claim involves only money damages
and does not seek an injunction or other equitable relief, (C) settlement of, or
an adverse  judgment  with respect to, the Third Party Claim is not, in the good
faith  judgment  of the  Indemnified  Party,  likely to have a Material  Adverse
Effect on the continuing  business  interests of the Indemnified  Party, (D) the
named parties to the Third Party Claim do not include both the Indemnified Party
and the Indemnifying  Party, and (E) the Indemnifying Party conducts the defense
of the Third Party Claim promptly, actively and diligently.

(iii) So long as the  Indemnifying  Party is conducting the defense of the Third
Party Claim in accordance with Section 8(d)(ii) above, (A) the Indemnified Party
may retain  separate  co-counsel at its sole cost and expense and participate in
the defense of the Third Party Claim, (B) the Indemnified Party will not consent
to the entry of any  judgment or enter into any  settlement  with respect to the
Third Party Claim without the prior written  consent of the  Indemnifying  Party
(not to be  withheld  unreasonably),  and (C) the  Indemnifying  Party  will not
consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any  settlement  with respect
to the Third Party Claim  without the prior written  consent of the  Indemnified
Party (not to be withheld unreasonably).

(iv) In the event any of the conditions in Section  8(d)(ii) above is or becomes
unsatisfied,  however,  for  such  period  of  time as  such  condition  remains
unsatisfied,  (A) the Indemnified  Party may defend against,  and consent to the
entry of any  judgment or enter into any  settlement  with respect to, the Third
Party  Claim  in  any  manner  it  reasonably  may  deem  appropriate  (and  the
Indemnified  Party need not  consult  with,  or obtain  any  consent  from,  any
Indemnifying Party in connection  therewith),  (B) the Indemnifying Parties will
reimburse  the  Indemnified  Party  promptly and  periodically  for the costs of
defending  against the Third Party Claim (including  reasonable  attorneys' fees
and expenses),  and (C) the Indemnifying Parties will remain responsible for any
Adverse  Consequences the Indemnified  Party may suffer resulting from,  arising
out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by the Third Party Claim to the
fullest extent provided in this Section 8; provided,  however, that in the event
that  the  condition  contained  in  Section  8(d)(ii)(C)  above  is or  becomes
unsatisfied,  the  Indemnifying  Parties shall only be  responsible  for Adverse
Consequences  in an  amount  not to exceed  110% of the  settlement  or  adverse
judgment reached or received by the Indemnifying Parties.

(e)  Reduction for Insurance  Proceeds.  The amount of any Adverse  Consequences
suffered  or  incurred by any  Indemnified  Party under this  Section 8 shall be
reduced by the amount of any  insurance  proceeds  received  by the  Indemnified
Party as an offset against such Adverse Consequences.


<PAGE> 46


(f)     Limitations on Indemnification.

(i)  Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary in this Section 8, in respect of
any indemnification  obligation of Parent or the Shareholder pursuant to Section
8(b) hereof (other than any indemnification for Adverse  Consequences  resulting
from, arising out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by the breach (or
alleged  breach)  by  Parent  or  the  Shareholder  of  the  representations  or
warranties contained in Sections 3(a), 4(a)-(e),  4(k), 4(y), 4(aa) and the last
sentence of Section 4(e) and the covenants  contained in Sections 7(j) and 7(p),
the last  sentence of Section  8(b)(ii) and Sections  8(b)(iv),  (v),  (vii) and
(viii) to which this  Section  8(f) shall not  apply):  (i)  neither  Parent nor
Shareholder shall be liable unless and until the aggregate  cumulative amount of
any Adverse  Consequences  for which a claim for  indemnification  has been made
pursuant to this Article 8 against Parent or the  Shareholder  exceeds  $100,000
(the "Basket"),  at which point Parent and the Shareholder  shall be responsible
for all Adverse  Consequences in excess of $75,000;  and provided,  further that
for purposes of determining claims for which Adverse Consequences may be applied
to the Basket the  representations  and  warranties  contained  herein  shall be
deemed not to include any qualifications based on materiality and Knowledge, and
(ii) the aggregate  indemnification  obligations  for Parent and the Shareholder
shall not exceed $5,000,000.

(ii)  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary in this Section 8, in respect of
any  indemnification  obligation of Buyer pursuant to Section 8(c) hereof (other
than any  indemnification for Adverse  Consequences  resulting from, arising out
of,  relating to, in the nature of, or caused by the breach (or alleged  breach)
by Buyer of the representations or warranties contained in Section 3(b)(i)-(iv),
and the covenant  contained in Section 7(o) to which this Section 8(f) shall not
apply): (i) Buyer shall not be liable unless and until the aggregate  cumulative
amount of any Adverse  Consequences  for which a claim for  indemnification  has
been made pursuant to this Article 8 against Buyer exceeds the Basket,  at which
point  Buyer shall be  responsible  for all  Adverse  Consequences  in excess of
$75,000; and provided, further that for purposes of determining claims for which
Adverse  Consequences  may be  applied to the  Basket  the  representations  and
warranties  contained  herein shall be deemed not to include any  qualifications
based on materiality and Knowledge.

(g) Other Indemnification  Provisions.  The foregoing indemnification provisions
are in addition  to, and not in  derogation  of, any  statutory,  equitable,  or
common law remedy  (including  without  limitation any such remedy arising under
Environmental,  Health, and Safety Requirements) any Party may have with respect
to the Company, or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

        Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, at
and after the Closing any and all  obligations of the Company,  if any, under or
related to this Agreement or any of the  agreements  related hereto shall be the
sole  responsibility  of Parent and the Shareholder,  notwithstanding  any right
Parent or the  Shareholder may have at law or in equity or pursuant to any laws.
Neither  Parent nor the  Shareholder  shall be entitled to any  indemnification,
right of contribution, or other right of recovery from the Company in connection
with any claim made by or which could be made by an  Indemnified  Buyer  against
the Company, Parent or the Shareholder or for which the Company could be liable,
all of which are irrevocably waived and released by Parent and the Shareholder.

9.      [Intentionally Left Blank.]


<PAGE> 47


10.     Tax Matters.

        The following  provisions shall govern the allocation of  responsibility
as between  Buyer and the  Shareholder  for certain tax  matters  following  the
Closing Date:

(a) Tax Periods  Ending on or Before the Closing  Date. At the expense of Parent
and the  Shareholder,  the  Shareholder  shall  prepare  and timely file all Tax
Returns for the Company for all Pre-Closing Periods, which are to be filed after
the Closing Date.  Such Tax Returns shall be prepared by treating  items on such
Tax Return in a manner  consistent  with the past practices with respect to such
items,  unless otherwise  required by law. The Shareholder shall pay the amounts
due for Taxes of the Company with respect to the Pre-Closing Periods.

(b) Tax Periods  Beginning Before and Ending After the Closing Date. Buyer shall
prepare or cause to be prepared and file or cause to be filed any Tax Returns of
the Company for Straddle  Periods.  Buyer shall permit the Shareholder to review
each such Tax Return  described in the preceding  sentence prior to filing.  The
Shareholder  shall pay to Buyer within fifteen (15) days after the date on which
Taxes are paid with  respect to such  periods an amount  equal to the portion of
such Taxes which  relates to the portion of such  taxable  period  ending on the
Closing Date.  For purposes of this  Section,  in the case of any Taxes that are
imposed on a periodic  basis and are payable for a taxable  period that includes
(but does not end on) the Closing Date, the portion of such Tax which relates to
the portion of such taxable  period  ending on the Closing Date shall (x) in the
case of any real and personal property Taxes, be deemed to be the amount of such
Tax for the entire  taxable  period  multiplied  by a fraction the  numerator of
which is the number of days in the taxable period ending on the Closing Date and
the denominator of which is the number of days in the entire taxable period, and
(y) in the case of any other Tax, be deemed  equal to the amount  which would be
payable if the relevant  taxable  period ended on the Closing Date.  Any credits
relating to a taxable  period that begins before and ends after the Closing Date
shall be taken into account as though the relevant  taxable  period ended on the
Closing  Date.  All  determinations  necessary  to give effect to the  foregoing
allocations  shall be made in a manner  consistent  with prior  practice  of the
Company.

(c)     Cooperation on Tax Matters.

(i) Buyer, the Company, Parent and the Shareholder shall cooperate fully, as and
to the extent  reasonably  requested by the other party,  in connection with the
filing of Tax Returns  pursuant to this Section 10 and any audit,  litigation or
other  proceeding  with respect to Taxes.  Such  cooperation  shall  include the
retention  and (upon the other  party's  request)  the  provision of records and
information which are reasonably relevant to any such audit, litigation or other
proceeding  and making  employees  available on a mutually  convenient  basis to
provide  additional   information  and  explanation  of  any  material  provided
hereunder.  The Shareholder  shall (A) retain all books and records with respect
to Tax matters pertinent to the Company relating to any taxable period beginning
before the Closing Date until the expiration of the statute of limitations (and,
to the extent  notified by Buyer,  any  extensions  thereof)  of the  respective
taxable periods,  and to abide by all record retention  agreements  entered into
with any  taxing  authority,  and (B) give the other  party  reasonable  written
notice  prior to  transferring,  destroying  or  discarding  any such  books and
records and, if the other party so  requests,  the  Shareholder  shall allow the
other party to take possession of such books and records.


<PAGE> 48


(ii) Buyer, Parent and the Shareholder further agree, upon request, to use their
best efforts to obtain any  certificate or other  document from any  government,
instrumentality,  commission,  governmental  agency,  governmental  authority or
court or any other Person as may be  necessary to mitigate,  reduce or eliminate
any Tax that could be imposed  (including,  but not limited to, with  respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby).

(iii)  Buyer,  on the one hand,  and Parent and the  Shareholder,  on the other,
further  agree,  upon request,  to provide the other party with all  information
that either party may be required to report pursuant to Section 6043 of the Code
and all Treasury Department Regulations promulgated thereunder.

(d) Certain Taxes. All transfer,  documentary,  sales, use, stamp,  registration
and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) incurred in
connection with this Agreement, shall be paid by Parent and the Shareholder when
due,  and  Parent  and the  Shareholder  will,  at their own  expense,  file all
necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to all such transfer,
documentary,  sales, use, stamp,  registration and other Taxes and fees, and, if
required by applicable  law,  Buyer will, and will cause its Affiliates to, join
in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other documentation.

(e) Section 338(h)(10) Election.  If Buyer so desires, the Shareholder agrees to
make an election  under  Section  338(h)(10)  of the Code,  with  respect to the
Company and the Stonehouse  Subsidiary,  and any comparable election under state
or local Income Tax law and the  Shareholder  shall  cooperate in the completion
and  timely  filing of such  elections  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of
Treasury Regulation  ss.1.338(h)(10)-1 (or any comparable provisions of state or
local Income Tax law) or any successor  provision.  If Buyer desires to make the
election under Section  338(h)(10) of the Code,  within one hundred twenty (120)
days after the Closing Date,  Buyer shall deliver to the Shareholder a completed
Form 8023 and  required  schedules  thereto as well as any  applicable  state or
local  forms  (the  "Section  338  Forms").  Buyer  shall  act in good  faith to
determine  the amount of the  aggregate  deemed  sales price (the "ADSP") and to
allocate the ADSP among the assets of the Company and the Stonehouse  Subsidiary
in accordance  with Treasury  Regulations  under Section 338 of the Code and any
comparable  provisions  of state or local  Income Tax law, as  appropriate.  The
Shareholder  shall  report  and file Tax  Returns  in all  respects  and for all
purposes consistent with such Section 338 Forms and shall execute and deliver to
Buyer such  Section  338 Forms.  "Section  338  Forms"  shall mean all  returns,
documents,  statements, and other forms that are required to be submitted to any
federal,  state,  county,  or other local taxing  authority in connection with a
338(h)(10) election,  including,  without limitation,  any "Statement of Section
338 Election"  and IRS Form 8023  (together  with any  schedules or  attachments
thereto)  that are  required  pursuant to Treasury  Regulations.  Buyer shall be
responsible for the preparation and filing of the Section 338 election.

11.     Miscellaneous.

(a) No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement shall not confer any rights or
remedies upon any Person other than the Parties and their respective  successors
and  permitted  assigns  and the  Indemnified  Parties  referred to in Section 8
hereof.


<PAGE> 49


(b) Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  (including  the  documents  referred to
herein)  constitutes  the entire  agreement among the Parties and supersedes any
prior  understandings,  agreements,  or representations by or among the Parties,
written or oral,  to the extent they  related in any way to the  subject  matter
hereof.

(c) Succession and Assignment.  This Agreement and all of the provisions  hereof
shall be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties  named herein and
their respective  successors and permitted  assigns.  No Party may assign either
this Agreement or any of his or its rights,  interests, or obligations hereunder
without the prior written approval of the other Parties.

(d)  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more  counterparts,
each of which  shall be  deemed  an  original  but all of  which  together  will
constitute one and the same instrument.

(e)  Headings.  The section headings contained in this  Agreement  are  inserted
for  convenience  only  and  shall  not  affect  in  any  way  the   meaning  or
interpretation  of this Agreement.

(f) Notices. All notices,  requests,  demands,  claims, and other communications
hereunder  will be in writing.  Any notice,  request,  demand,  claim,  or other
communication  hereunder  shall be deemed  duly given if (and then two  business
days  after)  it is  sent  by  registered  or  certified  mail,  return  receipt
requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth
below:

        If to Parent:                              Copy to:

        PUSA Holdings Corp.                 Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP
        2740 N. Dallas Parkway              2828 N. Harwood Street
        Plano, Texas  75093                 Dallas, Texas  75201
        Attn:  Gary L. Leonard,             Attn:  Norman R. Miller, Esq.
               General Counsel
               Business Development

        If to the Shareholder:                     Copy to:

        Pacific Technology Group, Inc.      Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP
        2740 N. Dallas Parkway              2828 N. Harwood Street
        Plano, Texas  75093                 Dallas, Texas  75201
        Attn:    Gary L. Leonard,           Attn:  Norman R. Miller, Esq.
               General Counsel
               Business Development

        If to Buyer:                               Copy to:

        nStor Technologies, Inc.            Akerman, Senterfitt & Eidson, P.A.
        100 Century Boulevard               Las Olas Centre, Suite 1600
        West Palm Beach, Florida  33417     350 East Las Olas Boulevard
        Attn:  H. Irwin Levy                Fort Lauderdale, Florida  33301-2227
                                            Attn:  Donn Beloff, Esq.


<PAGE> 50


        Any  Party  may  send  any  notice,  request,  demand,  claim,  or other
communication hereunder to the intended recipient at the address set forth above
using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger
service,  telecopy,  telex,  ordinary  mail,  or electronic  mail),  but no such
notice,  request,  demand, claim, or other communication shall be deemed to have
been duly  given  unless  and until it  actually  is  received  by the  intended
recipient. Any Party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands,
claims,  and other  communications  hereunder  are to be delivered by giving the
other Parties notice in the manner herein set forth.

(g)  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by and  construed  in
accordance  with the domestic laws of the State of Florida without giving effect
to any choice or  conflict  of law  provision  or rule  (whether of the State of
Florida or any other  jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws
of any jurisdiction other than the State of Florida.

(h)  Amendments  and Waivers.  No amendment of any  provision of this  Agreement
shall be valid  unless the same shall be in writing  and signed by Buyer and the
Shareholder. No waiver by any Party of any default, misrepresentation, or breach
of warranty or covenant  hereunder,  whether intentional or not, shall be deemed
to extend to any prior or subsequent  default,  misrepresentation,  or breach of
warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue
of any prior or subsequent such occurrence.

(i)  Severability.  Any term or provision of this  Agreement  that is invalid or
unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity
or  enforceability  of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity
or  enforceability  of the offending term or provision in any other situation or
in any other jurisdiction.

(j)  Expenses.  Each of the Parties  will bear his or its own costs and expenses
(including  legal fees and expenses)  incurred in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions  contemplated hereby. Parent and the Shareholder agree that
the  Company has not borne nor will bear any of  Parent's  and/or  Shareholder's
costs  and  expenses  (including,   without  limitation,  any  of  their  legal,
accounting  or investment  banking fees and  expenses) in  connection  with this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k) Construction.  The Parties have  participated  jointly in the negotiation of
this   Agreement.   In  the  event  an   ambiguity  or  question  of  intent  or
interpretation  arises,  this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly
by the Parties  and no  presumption  or burden of proof shall arise  favoring or
disfavoring  any Party by virtue of the  authorship of any of the  provisions of
this Agreement.  Any reference to any federal,  state, local, or foreign statute
or law shall be deemed  also to refer to all rules and  regulations  promulgated
thereunder,  unless the context requires  otherwise.  The word "including" shall
mean including without limitation.  The Parties intend that each representation,
warranty, and covenant contained herein shall have independent significance.  If
any Party has  breached  any  representation,  warranty,  or covenant  contained
herein  in any  respect,  the fact that  there  exists  another  representation,
warranty,  or covenant  relating to the same subject  matter  (regardless of the
relative  levels of  specificity)  which the  Party has not  breached  shall not
detract  from or  mitigate  the fact  that the  Party is in  breach of the first
representation, warranty, or covenant.


<PAGE> 51


(l)  Incorporation  of  Exhibits,  Annexes,  Schedules  and  Certificates.
The  Exhibits, Annexes,  Schedules and certificates identified in this Agreement
are incorporated  herein by reference and made a part hereof.

(m) Specific  Performance.  Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the
other Parties would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions of
this  Agreement  are not performed in accordance  with their  specific  terms or
otherwise are breached.  Accordingly,  each of the Parties agrees that the other
Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of
the provisions of this Agreement and to enforce  specifically this Agreement and
the terms and  provisions  hereof in any action  instituted  in any court of the
United States or any state thereof having  jurisdiction over the Parties and the
matter (subject to the provisions set forth in Section 12(o) below), in addition
to any other remedy to which they may be entitled, at law or in equity.

(n)  Submission to  Jurisdiction.  Each of the Parties  submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction  of any  state or  federal  court  sitting  in  Miami-Dade  County,
Florida,  in any  action  or  proceeding  arising  out of or  relating  to  this
Agreement  and agrees  that all  claims in  respect of the action or  proceeding
shall be heard and determined in any such court.  Each of the Parties waives any
defense of inconvenient  forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding so
brought and waives any bond, surety, or other security that might be required of
any other Party with  respect  thereto.  Any Party may make service on any other
Party by sending or  delivering  a copy of the process to the Party to be served
at the address and in the manner  provided  for the giving of notices in Section
11(f) above. Each Party agrees that a final judgment in any action or proceeding
so brought shall be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the judgment or in
any other manner provided by law or at equity.

        In  any  action  or  proceeding  arising  out  of or  relating  to  this
Agreement,  the  prevailing  party  shall  be  entitled  to  recover  reasonable
attorney's fees and costs from the other party to the action or proceeding.

(o)  WAIVER  OF  JURY  TRIAL  AND  CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES.  THE  PARTIES  HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY  WAIVE ANY AND ALL  RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY  LEGAL  PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS  AGREEMENT OR THE  TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PARTIES HEREBY  IRREVOCABLY
WAIVE  ANY  RIGHTS   THAT  THEY  MAY  HAVE  TO  CLAIM  OR  RECEIVE   INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL,  SPECIAL,  EXEMPLARY,  OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
LEGAL  PROCEEDING   ARISING  OUT  OF  OR  RELATING  TO  THIS  AGREEMENT  OR  THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

                         [SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]


<PAGE> 52


        IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

                                            nSTOR TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                            By: /s/ Jack Jaiven
                                            ------------------------
                                            Name: Jack Jaiven
                                            Title: Vice President


                                            STONEHOUSE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                            By: /s/ John E. Gates
                                            -----------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:


                                            PACIFIC TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.

                                            By: /s/ John E. Gates
                                            ------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:


                                            PACIFIC USA HOLDINGS CORP.

                                            By: /s/ Michael McCraw
                                            --------------------------
                                            Name: Michael McCraw
                                            Title: President


<PAGE> 53


                                     ANNEX I

                           Buyer Financial Statements


<PAGE> 54


                                    ANNEX II

                          Company Financial Statements


<PAGE> 55


                                    EXHIBIT A

                           Certificate of Designation


<PAGE> 56


                                    EXHIBIT B

                         Buyer's Secretary's Certificate


<PAGE> 57


                                    EXHIBIT C

                               Marketing Agreement


<PAGE> 58


                                    EXHIBIT D

                               Sublease Agreement


<PAGE> 59


                                    EXHIBIT E

                             Stockholders' Agreement


<PAGE> 60


                                    EXHIBIT F

                           Gates Employment Agreement


<PAGE> 61


                                    EXHIBIT G

                          Registration Rights Agreement


<PAGE> 62


                                    EXHIBIT H

                                Irrevocable Proxy


<PAGE> 63


                                    EXHIBIT I

                    Halco Investments, L.C. Convertible Note


<PAGE> 64


                                    EXHIBIT J

                                Adaptec Contract


<PAGE> 65


                                    EXHIBIT K

                       Working Capital Assurance Agreement


<PAGE> 66


                                    EXHIBIT L

            Company, Parent and Shareholder Secretary's Certificates


<PAGE> 67


                                    EXHIBIT M

                                     Release


<PAGE> 68


                                    EXHIBIT N

                              Sublicense Agreement


<PAGE> 69

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT.......................................................1

1.   Definitions...............................................................1
2.   Purchase and Sale Transaction.............................................8
     (a)  Basic Transaction....................................................8
     (b)  Consideration........................................................8
     (c)  Earn-Out Consideration...............................................8
     (d)  The Closing..........................................................9
     (e)  Deliveries at Closing................................................9
3.   Representations and Warranties Concerning the Transaction................10
     (a)  Representations and Warranties of Parent, the Shareholder and the
          Company.............................................................10
     (i)    Organization; Authorization of Transaction........................10
     (ii)   Noncontravention..................................................10
     (iii)  Investment........................................................11
     (iv)   Company Stock.....................................................11
     (v)    Disclosure........................................................11
     (b)    Representations and Warranties of Buyer...........................11
     (i)    Organization; Authorization of Transaction........................11
     (ii)   Noncontravention..................................................12
     (iii)  Brokers' Fees.....................................................12
     (iv)   Capitalization of Buyer...........................................12
     (v)    Title to Assets...................................................13
     (vi)   Subsidiaries; Ownership Interests.................................13
     (vii)  Buyer Financial Statements........................................13
     (viii) Events Subsequent to Buyer Most Recent Fiscal Period End..........14
     (ix)   Undisclosed Liabilities...........................................14
     (x)    Legal Compliance..................................................14
     (xi)   Tax Matters.......................................................14
     (xii)  Real Property.....................................................14
     (xiii) Intellectual Property.............................................14
     (xiv)  Insurance.........................................................15
     (xv)   Litigation........................................................15
     (xvi)  Guaranties........................................................15
     (xvii) Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters.........................15
     (xviii)Distributors......................................................15
     (xix)  Certain Business Relationships with Buyer.........................15
     (xx)   Absence of Certain Business Practices.............................16
     (xxi)  Bulk Sales........................................................16
     (xxii) Disclosure........................................................16
     (xxiii)SEC Documents.....................................................16
     (xxiv) Investment........................................................16
     (xxv)  Issuance of Buyer Securities......................................17


<PAGE> 70


4.   Representations and Warranties Concerning the Company....................17
     (a)  Organization, Qualification, and Corporate Power....................17
     (b)  Capitalization......................................................18
     (c)  Noncontravention....................................................18
     (d)  Brokers' Fees.......................................................18
     (e)  Title to Assets.....................................................18
     (f)  Subsidiaries; Ownership Interests...................................19
     (g)  Financial Statements................................................19
     (h)  Events Subsequent to Company Most Recent Fiscal Period End..........19
     (i)  Undisclosed Liabilities.............................................22
     (j)  Legal Compliance....................................................22
     (k)  Tax Matters.........................................................22
     (l)  Real Property.......................................................24
     (m)  Intellectual Property...............................................25
     (n)  Inventory...........................................................26
     (o)  Contracts...........................................................26
     (p)  Notes and Accounts Receivable.......................................27
     (q)  Powers of Attorney..................................................27
     (r)  Insurance...........................................................27
     (s)  Litigation..........................................................27
     (t)  Governmental Authorizations.........................................28
     (u)  Commitments and Warranties..........................................28
     (v)  Liability for Services Performed....................................28
     (w)  Personnel...........................................................28
     (x)  Employees...........................................................28
     (y)  Employee Benefits...................................................29
     (z)  Guaranties..........................................................31
     (aa) Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters...........................31
     (bb) Certain Business Relationships with the Company.....................31
     (cc) Absence of Certain Business Practices...............................31
     (dd) Customers...........................................................32
     (ee) List of Accounts....................................................32
     (ff) Bulk Sales..........................................................32
     (gg) Disclosure..........................................................32
5.   Deliveries of Buyer at Closing...........................................32
6.   Deliveries of Parent and the Shareholder at Closing......................34
7.   Post-Closing Covenants...................................................35
     (a)  General.............................................................35
     (b)  Litigation Support..................................................35
     (c)  Transition..........................................................35
     (d)  Independent Accountants.............................................35
     (e)  Securities Act and Securities Exchange Act Filings..................36
     (f)  Tax Matters.........................................................36
     (g)  Buyer Stock Option Plan.............................................36


<PAGE> 71


     (h)  Audited Financial Statements........................................36
     (i)  Stockholders' Meeting...............................................36
     (j)  Confidential Information; Nonsolicitation; Noncompetition...........36
     (k)  Operation of the Company............................................38
     (l)  Employee Benefits...................................................38
     (m)  AMEX Listing Application; AMEX Listing..............................38
     (n)  New Product Introduction............................................39
     (o)  Commercial Guaranty.................................................39
     (p)  Certain Additional Covenants of Parent..............................39
     (q)  Sublease............................................................41
8.   Remedies for Breaches of this Agreement..................................41
     (a)  Survival of Representations and Warranties..........................41
     (b)  Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of Buyer.....................41
     (c)  Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of Parent and the
          Shareholder.........................................................43
     (d)  Matters Involving Third Parties.....................................43
     (e)  Reduction for Insurance Proceeds....................................44
     (f)  Limitations on Indemnification......................................44
     (g)  Other Indemnification Provisions....................................45
9.   [Intentionally Left Blank]...............................................45
10.   Tax Matters.............................................................45
     (a)  Tax Periods Ending on or Before the Closing Date....................46
     (b)  Tax Periods Beginning Before and Ending After the Closing Date......46
     (c)  Cooperation on Tax Matters..........................................46
     (d)  Certain Taxes.......................................................47
     (e)  Section 338(h)(10) Election.........................................47
11.   Miscellaneous...........................................................47
     (a)  No Third-Party Beneficiaries........................................47
     (b)  Entire Agreement....................................................48
     (c)  Succession and Assignment...........................................48
     (d)  Counterparts........................................................48
     (e)  Headings............................................................48
     (f)  Notices.............................................................48
     (g)  Governing Law.......................................................49
     (h)  Amendments and Waivers..............................................49
     (i)  Severability........................................................49
     (j)  Expenses............................................................49
     (k)  Construction........................................................49
     (l)  Incorporation of Exhibits, Annexes, Schedules and Certificates......50
     (m)  Specific Performance................................................50
     (n)  Submission to Jurisdiction..........................................50
     (o)  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES......................50
ANNEX I        Buyer Financial Statement......................................50
ANEX II        Financial Statements...........................................51
EXHIBIT A      Certification of Designation...................................52


<PAGE> 72


EXHIBIT B      Buyer's Secretary's Certificate................................57
EXHIBIT C      Marketing Agreement............................................58
EXHIBIT D      Lease Agreement................................................59
EXHIBIT E      Stockholders' Agreement........................................60
EXHIBIT F      Gates Employment Agreement.....................................61
EXHIBIT G      Registration Rights Agreement..................................62
EXHIBIT H      Irrevocable Proxy..............................................63
EXHIBIT I      Halperin Convertible Note......................................64
EXHIBIT J      Adaptec Contract...............................................65
EXHIBIT K      Working Capital Assurance Agreement............................66
EXHIBIT L      Parent and Shareholder Secretary's Certificates................67
EXHIBIT M      Release........................................................68
EXHIBIT N      Sublicense Agreement...........................................69

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
