 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION      Exhibit
2    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION   BY AND BETWEEN   GREATER
BAY BANCORP   AND   SJNB FINANCIAL CORP.        June 25, 2001   
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION 
------------------------------------   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
REORGANIZATION ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of the 25th day of
June, 2001, by and between GREATER BAY BANCORP, a California corporation
("GBB"), and SJNB FINANCIAL CORP., a California corporation ("SJNB").  
WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of GBB and SJNB deem advisable and in
the best interests of their respective shareholders the merger of SJNB with
and into GBB (the "Merger") upon the terms and conditions set forth herein
and in accordance with the California General Corporation Law (the "CGCL")
(GBB, following the effectiveness of the Merger, being hereinafter sometimes
referred to as the "Surviving Corporation");   WHEREAS, the Boards of
Directors of GBB and SJNB have approved this Agreement and the Agreement of
Merger by and between GBB and SJNB (the "Agreement of Merger"), in
substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto,  --------- pursuant to
which SJNB has agreed to merge with and into GBB and each outstanding share
of SJNB common stock, no par value ("SJNB Stock"), excluding any SJNB
Perfected Dissenting Shares (as defined below), will be converted into the
right to receive a specified amount of GBB common stock, no par value
("GBB Stock"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein;   WHEREAS, as an inducement to GBB to enter into this Agreement,
SJNB desires to, and immediately after the execution and delivery hereof
will, enter into a stock option agreement (the "Stock Option Agreement")
dated as of the date hereof with GBB, pursuant to which SJNB shall grant to
GBB an option to purchase shares of SJNB Stock;   WHEREAS, it is the
intention of the parties that, following the Merger, SJNB\'s subsidiary, San
Jose National Bank ("SJNBank"), shall remain a separate, wholly owned
subsidiary of GBB; and   WHEREAS, the Merger is intended to qualify as a
tax-free reorganization within the meaning of the provisions of Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and to be
accounted for on a pooling-of- interests basis.   NOW, THEREFORE, on the
basis of the foregoing recitals and in consideration of the respective
covenants, agreements, representations and warranties contained herein, the
parties hereto agree as follows:    ARTICLE 1.   DEFINITIONS 
-----------   Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement,
or unless the context otherwise requires, as used throughout this Agreement
the following terms shall have the respective meanings specified below:   
"Affiliate" of, or a Person (as defined herein) "Affiliated" with, a specific
Person(s) is a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or
more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common
control with, the Person(s) specified.   "Affiliated Group" means, with
respect to any entity, a group of entities required or permitted to file
consolidated, combined or unitary Tax Returns (as defined herein).  
"Agreement of Merger" has the meaning set forth in the second recital of this
Agreement.   "Average Closing Price" means the average of the daily closing
price of a share of GBB Stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market System
(as defined herein) during the 20 consecutive trading days (whether or not
trades occurred on those days) ending at the end of the third trading day
immediately preceding the Effective Time of the Merger (as defined herein),
rounded to four decimal places. The term "trading day" shall mean a day on
which trading generally takes place on the Nasdaq National Market System and
on which trading in GBB Stock has not been halted or suspended. In the event
GBB pays, declares or otherwise effects a stock split, reverse stock split,
reclassification or stock dividend or distribution with respect to GBB Stock
between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time of the Merger,
appropriate adjustments will be made to the Average Closing Price of GBB
Stock.   "Banks" means Bank of Petaluma, Bank of Santa Clara, Bay Area Bank,
Bay Bank of Commerce, Coast Commercial Bank, Cupertino National Bank, Golden
Gate Bank, Mid-Peninsula Bank, Mt. Diablo National Bank and Peninsula Bank
of Commerce, each a wholly owned subsidiary of GBB.   "Benefit
Arrangements" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.20(b).   "BHC Act"
means the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended.   "Business Day"
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or day on which a bank chartered
under the laws of the State of California is closed.   "Certificates" has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b).   "CFC" means California Financial
Code.   "CGCL" has the meaning set forth in the first recital of this
Agreement.   "Classified Credits" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.7.   "Closing" means the consummation of the Merger provided for in
Article 2 of this Agreement on the Closing Date (as defined herein) at the
offices of Greater Bay Bancorp, 400 Emerson Street, Palo Alto, California, or
at such other place as the parties may agree upon.   "Closing Date" means
the date which is the first Friday which follows the last to occur of (i) the
approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby by the
shareholders  3   of SJNB and GBB, (ii) the receipt of all permits,
authorizations, approvals and consents specified in Section 9.3 hereof, (iii)
the expiration of all applicable waiting periods under the law, (iv) the
expiration of the 30 day period following the mailing by SJNB to its
shareholders of a notice of approval of the Merger by the outstanding shares
pursuant to Section 1301 of the CGCL, if such notice shall be required, or
such other date as the parties may agree upon. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if in the good faith judgment of GBB the Closing would (a) interfere with or
affect any financing, acquisition or other significant transaction being
contemplated by GBB, whether or not a final determination has been made to
undertake such transaction, or (b) GBB has a bona fide business purpose for
delaying the Closing, GBB will have the right to delay the Closing for a
period of not more than 30 days from the date which would otherwise be the
Closing Date as determined by the first sentence of this paragraph, except
that in no event shall the Closing Date occur after January 31, 2002, unless
the parties hereto shall otherwise mutually agree. If GBB exercises its right
in the immediately preceding sentence, the conditions set forth in Articles 9
and 11 to GBB\'s obligations shall be determined based on the date which
would otherwise be the Closing Date as determined by the first sentence of
this paragraph, except that the conditions in Sections 9.6 and 11.16 shall be
as of the Closing Date determined in accordance with the
immediately preceding sentence.   "Code" has the meaning set forth in the
fourth recital of this Agreement.   "Commissioner" means the Commissioner of
Financial Institutions of the State of California.   "Competing
Transaction" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(n).   "Competing
Transaction Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(o).  
"Conversion Ratio" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "Covered
Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.   "Dain Rauscher
Agreement" means the letter agreement dated March 14, 2001 between SJNB and
Dain Rauscher Wessels.   "Effective Time of the Merger" means the date upon
which the Merger is consummated and the Agreement of Merger is filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of California or at such time thereafter as
shall be agreed to by the parties and specified in the Agreement of
Merger.   "Employee Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.20(a).  
"Encumbrance" shall mean any option, pledge, security interest, lien, charge,
encumbrance or restriction (whether on voting or disposition or otherwise),
whether imposed by agreement, understanding, law or otherwise.  
"Environmental Regulations" has the meaning set forth in Section
4.12(b).  4    "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliates" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.20(a).   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.   "Exchange Agent" means Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A. or
such other bank or trust company as shall be mutually agreed to by the
parties.   "Exchange Fund" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)
hereof.   "Expenses" has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1(d).  
"FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.   "Financial
Statements of GBB" means the audited consolidated financial statements of GBB
consisting of the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 1998, 1999
and 2000, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders\'
equity and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes thereto
and related opinions thereon for the years then ended and GBB\'s unaudited
consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of
operations, shareholders\' equity and cash flows as of and for the three
month period ended March 31, 2001.   "Financial Statements of SJNB" means
the audited consolidated financial statements of SJNB consisting of the
consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, the
related consolidated statements of income, shareholders\' equity and cash
flows for the years then ended and related notes thereto and related opinions
thereon for the years then ended and SJNB\'s unaudited consolidated balance
sheet and consolidated statements of income, shareholders\' equity and cash
flows as of and for the three month period ended March 31, 2001.   "FRB"
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   "GAAP" means
United States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied
during the periods involved, except in each case as indicated in the
financial statements or in the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited
statements (subject to normal recurring and year-end audit adjustments), as
permitted by SEC Form 10-Q.   "GBB 401(k) Plan" means the Greater Bay
Bancorp 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan.   "GBB Acquisition Transaction" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a)(iv).   "GBB Disclosure Letter" means
that letter designated as such which has been delivered by GBB to SJNB
concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.   "GBB
Dissenting Shares" means any shares of GBB Stock held by
"dissenting shareholders" within the meaning of Chapter 13 of the
CGCL.  5    "GBB Filings" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.  
"GBB Perfected Dissenting Shares" means any GBB Dissenting Shares which
the holders thereof have not withdrawn or caused to lose their status as
GBB Dissenting Shares.   "GBB Shareholders\' Meeting" means the meeting of
GBB\'s shareholders referred to in Section 7.12.   "GBB Stock" has the
meaning set forth in the second recital of this Agreement.   "GBB Stock
Option Plan" means the Greater Bay Bancorp Amended and Restated 1996 Stock
Option Plan.   "GBB Supplied Information" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.22.   "Governmental Entity" means any court or tribunal in any
jurisdiction or any United States federal, state, municipal, domestic,
foreign or other administrative authority or instrumentality.   "Hazardous
Materials" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(b).   "Immediate
Family" means a person\'s spouse, parents, in-laws, children
and siblings.   "Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section
7.13(c).   "Investment Security" means any equity security or debt security
as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115.   "IRS"
means the Internal Revenue Service.   "Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus"
means the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus that is included as part of
the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (as defined herein) and used to
solicit proxies for the SJNB Shareholders\' Meeting and the GBB
Shareholders\' Meeting and to offer and sell the shares of GBB Stock to be
issued in connection with the Merger.   "KPMG" means KPMG LLP, SJNB\'s
independent public accountants.   "Material Adverse Effect" means,   (A)
with respect to SJNB, any material adverse effect on (1) the
financial condition, business, results of operations or prospects of SJNB and
the SJNB Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (2) the ability of SJNB to timely
perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Agreement of Merger or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and  6    (B) with
respect to GBB, any material adverse effect on (1) the financial condition,
business, results of operations or prospects of GBB and the Banks, taken as a
whole, or (2) the ability of GBB to timely perform its obligations under this
Agreement or the Agreement of Merger or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby;  provided, however, that in determining whether a
Material Adverse Effect has -------- ------- occurred, there shall be
excluded the effect of (i) changes in banking and other laws or regulations
of general applicability or interpretations thereof by courts or governmental
authorities, (ii) changes in GAAP or regulatory accounting requirements
applicable to banks and their holding companies generally, (iii) actions or
omissions of a party to this Agreement taken with the prior written consent
of the other party to this Agreement, and (iv) changes in prevailing interest
rates, currency exchange rates or general economic conditions, except to the
extent that such changes, events or developments have, or could reasonably be
expected to have, an adverse effect on the party hereto and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole that is materially greater than the adverse effect on
comparable entities.   "Merger" has the meaning set forth in the first
recital of this Agreement.   "Merger Consideration" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.2(a).   "Nasdaq National Market System" means the
National Market System of the National Association of Securities Dealers
Inc.   "OCC" means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.  
"Operating Loss" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.24.   "Person" means
any individual, corporation, association, partnership, limited liability
company, trust, joint venture, other entity, unincorporated body, government
or governmental department or agency.   "PwC" means PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, GBB\'s independent public accountants.   "Registration Statement on
Form S-4" means the Registration Statement on Form S-4, and such amendments
thereto, that is filed with the SEC to register the shares of GBB Stock to be
issued in the Merger under the Securities Act (as defined herein) and to
clear use of the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus in connection with the
SJNB Shareholders\' Meeting and the GBB Shareholders\' Meeting pursuant to
the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.   "Related Group of
Persons" means Affiliates, members of an Immediate Family or Persons the
obligations of whom would be attributed to another Person pursuant to the
regulations promulgated by the SEC (as defined herein).   "Representatives"
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(n).   "Scheduled Contracts" has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.16.  7    "SEC" means the Securities and
Exchange Commission.   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.   "SJNB 401(k) Plan" means the SJNB Cash or Deferred Profit Sharing
Plan.   "SJNB Disclosure Letter" means that letter designated as such which
has been delivered by SJNB to GBB concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement.   "SJNB Dissenting Shares" means any shares of
SJNB Stock held by "dissenting shareholders" within the meaning of Chapter 13
of the CGCL.   "SJNB Filings" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.5.  
"SJNB Fully Diluted Book Value" means the total stockholders\' equity of SJNB
as reflected on the consolidated financial statements to be provided by SJNB
to GBB pursuant to Section 11.13, as adjusted (a) to eliminate all
amounts paid in connection with the exercise of any SJNB Stock Options (as
defined herein) since March 31, 2001, (b) to eliminate any amount related to
accumulated other comprehensive income and including instead on such
financial statements the amount of SJNB\'s consolidated accumulated other
comprehensive income as of March 31, 2001, (c) to deduct any dividends to be
paid pursuant to Section 6.1(b) hereof after the date of such financial
statements (to the extent not previously accrued on such financial
statements), (d) to add back any transaction costs relating to this Agreement
or the Merger, such as legal, accounting and financial advisory costs, net of
applicable taxes, to the extent previously accrued or expensed on such
financial statements, and (e) to add back any costs or losses of the type
referred to in Section 4.24 or Section 8.3, net of the amount of insurance
proceeds which GBB determines in its reasonable judgment are payable in
respect of such costs or losses pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(v), and only with
respect to that portion of such costs or losses which are over $1,000,000 and
have been used in connection with the calculation of the Conversion Ratio
pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(v), to the extent such costs or losses have been
previously accrued or expensed on such financial statements.   "SJNB
Investment Securities List" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.26.  
"SJNB List" means any list required to be furnished by SJNB to
GBB herewith.   "SJNB Loan List" has the meaning set forth in Section
4.25.   "SJNB Offices List" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.23.  
"SJNB Operating Losses List" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.24.  
"SJNB Perfected Dissenting Shares" means any SJNB Dissenting Shares which the
holders thereof have not withdrawn or caused to lose their status as
SJNB Dissenting Shares.  8    "SJNB Real Property List" has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.9.   "SJNB Shareholders\' Meeting" means the meeting
of SJNB\'s shareholders referred to in Section 6.6.   "SJNB Stock" has the
meaning set forth in the second recital of this Agreement.   "SJNB Stock
Option" means any option issued pursuant to the SJNB Stock Option Plans.  
"SJNB Stock Option Plans" means, collectively, the SJNB Financial Corp. 1996
Stock Option Plan, as amended, and the Saratoga Bancorp 1994 Stock
Option Plan, as amended.   "SJNB Subsidiaries" means, collectively, SJNBank
(as defined herein) and Epic Funding Corporation, a California
corporation.   "SJNB Supplied Information" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.34.   "SJNBank" has the meaning set forth in the fourth recital of
this Agreement.   "Stock Option Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the
third recital of this Agreement.   "Subsidiary" of a Person means any
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity
of which 50% or more of the voting power is owned or controlled by such
Person.   "Superior Proposal" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.1(n).   "Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth in the first
recital of this Agreement.   "Tanks" has the meaning set forth in Section
4.12(b).   "Tax Returns" means all returns, declarations, reports,
estimates, information returns and statements required to be filed in respect
of any Taxes.   "Taxes" means (i) all federal, state, local or foreign
taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including,
without limitation, all net income, gross receipts, capital, sales, use, ad
valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, inventory, capital stock,
license, withholding, payroll, employment, social security, unemployment,
excise, severance, stamp, occupation, property, corporation and estimated
taxes, custom duties, fees, assessments and charges of any kind whatsoever;
(ii) all interest, penalties, fines, additions to tax or additional amounts
imposed by any taxing authority in connection with any item described in
clause (i); and (iii) any transferred liability in respect of any items
described in clauses (i) and/or (ii).   "368 Reorganization" has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.11(l).  9    "Top Up Option" means, in the event
that the Average Closing Price is less than $21.1429, the option of GBB to
elect to issue that number of shares of GBB Stock so that the Conversion
Ratio will be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing $38.4801 by the
Average Closing Price.   "Understanding" means any contract, agreement,
understanding, commitment or offer, whether oral or written, which may become
a binding obligation if accepted by another Person.   ARTICLE 2.   TERMS
OF MERGER  ---------------   2.1. Effect of Merger and Surviving
Corporation. At the Effective Time 
------------------------------------------ of the Merger, SJNB will be merged
with and into GBB pursuant to the terms, conditions and provisions of this
Agreement and the Agreement of Merger and in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the CGCL. By virtue of the Merger, all the rights, privileges,
powers and franchises and all property and assets of every kind and
description of SJNB and GBB shall be vested in and be held and enjoyed by the
Surviving Corporation, without further act or deed, and all the interests of
every kind of SJNB and GBB, including all debts due to either of them on
whatever account, shall be the property of the Surviving Corporation as they
were of SJNB and GBB and the title to any interest in real property and
any interest in personal property vested by deed or otherwise in either SJNB
or GBB shall not revert or be in any way impaired by reason of the Merger;
and all rights of creditors and liens upon any property of SJNB and GBB shall
be preserved unimpaired and all debts, liabilities and duties of SJNB and GBB
shall be debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation and may
be enforced against it to the same extent as if said debts, liabilities and
duties had been incurred or contracted by it.   2.2. Stock of SJNB. Subject
to Section 2.4, each share of SJNB Stock  ------------- issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger shall,
without any further action on the part of SJNB or the holders of such shares,
be treated on the basis set forth herein.   (a) Conversion of SJNB Stock. At
the Effective Time of the Merger,  ------------------------ pursuant to the
Agreement of Merger, each outstanding share of SJNB Stock excluding any SJNB
Perfected Dissenting Shares shall, without any further action on the part of
SJNB or the holders of any such shares, be automatically canceled and cease
to be an issued and outstanding share of SJNB Stock and be converted into the
right to receive per share consideration (the "Merger Consideration") in the
amount calculated as set forth below in the form of GBB Stock
(the "Conversion Ratio"), rounded to four decimal places, as follows:   (i)
If the Average Closing Price is greater than or equal to $21.1429 or less
than or equal to $31.0925, 1.82 shares of GBB Stock, subject to
downward adjustment as provided in Section 2.2(a)(v); or   (ii) If the
Average Closing Price is greater than $31.0925, a number of shares of GBB
Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) $56.5884 plus the
product of 0.3333  10   times the difference between the Average Closing
Price and $31.0925, by (y) the Average Closing Price, subject to downward
adjustment as provided in Section 2.2(a)(v); or   (iii) If the Average
Closing Price is less than $21.1429, SJNB may give written notice to GBB
within one Business Day of the calculation of the Average Closing Price of
its intention to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Section 13.1(l);
provided, however, that GBB may, but shall not be required to,  --------
------- exercise the Top Up Option by giving SJNB written notice, within one
Business Day from the date of receipt of written notice of SJNB\'s intention
to terminate the Agreement, of GBB\'s election to exercise the Top Up Option.
If GBB exercises the Top Up Option, the Conversion Ratio will equal that
number of shares of GBB Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
$38.4801 by the Average Closing Price, subject to downward adjustment as
provided in Section 2.2(a)(v).   (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary stated in subsections (a)(i), (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) of this Section
2.2, the Conversion Ratio shall be 1.82, subject to downward adjustment as
provided in Section 2.2(a)(v), if the Average Closing Price is greater than
$31.0925 and on or prior to the Closing Date, (A) GBB publicly announces the
signing of a definitive agreement with a third party with respect to a
merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets or
similar business combination transaction which if consummated would result in
the GBB shareholders as of the date of such announcement owning less than
66-2/3% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the surviving
corporation or any Person announces a tender or exchange offer for a minimum
of 25% or more of the outstanding common shares of GBB and (B) the price to
be paid to GBB shareholders in such transaction would exceed $31.0925 and
such transaction is not terminated or abandoned prior to the Closing Date
(a "GBB Acquisition Transaction"). If such GBB Acquisition Transaction
is terminated or abandoned during the period for determining the Average
Closing Price, GBB may elect to proceed with the Closing hereunder on the
Closing Date (and the Conversion Ratio shall be 1.82 shares of GBB Stock,
subject to downward adjustment as provided in Section 2.2(a)(v)) or to delay
the Closing Date, by written notice to SJNB, for a period of 25 trading days
from the date of the public announcement of such termination or abandonment.
To preserve the rights of holders of shares of SJNB Stock pursuant to this
Section 2.2(a)(iv), GBB and SJNB agree to coordinate the closing of any GBB
Acquisition Transaction with the Closing and to cooperate with such third
party in otherwise accomplishing the purpose hereof.   (v) In the event
that, as of the Closing Date, the representation and warranty contained in
Section 4.24 is not true and correct or the estimated costs of remediation as
determined by either consultant pursuant to Section 8.3 is in excess of
$1,000,000, the Conversion Ratio shall be determined in accordance with the
following formula:  A-B, where ---  C  A = the product obtained by
multiplying (i) the Conversion Ratio calculated  pursuant to Section
2.2(a)(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv), as applicable, without  regard to this
Section 2.2(c)(v), (ii) the number of shares of SJNB Stock  outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger and (iii)  the Average
Closing Price.  11   B = the sum of (i) the amount of Operating Losses in
excess of $1,000,000 and  (ii) the estimated costs of remediation in excess
of $1,000,000 (as  estimated by SJNB\'s consultant pursuant to Section 8.3
or, if applicable,  GBB\'s consultant pursuant to such section), net of any
insurance proceeds  which GBB determines in its reasonable judgment are
payable in respect of  such Operating Losses or such estimated costs of
remediation.  C = the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Average
Closing Price and (ii)  the number of shares of SJNB Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the  Effective Time of the Merger.   (b) SJNB
Perfected Dissenting Shares. SJNB Perfected Dissenting 
-------------------------------- Shares shall not be converted into shares of
GBB Stock, but shall, after the Effective Time of the Merger, be entitled
only to such rights as are granted them by Chapter 13 of the CGCL. Each
dissenting shareholder who is entitled to payment for such shareholder\'s
shares of SJNB Stock shall receive such payment therefor from the Surviving
Corporation in an amount as determined pursuant to Chapter 13 of the
CGCL.   (c) Dividends, Etc. If, prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, 
-------------- GBB shall declare a stock dividend or distribution upon or
subdivide, split up, reclassify or combine the GBB Stock, or make a
distribution on the GBB Stock in any security convertible into GBB Stock,
with a record date prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, appropriate
adjustment or adjustments will be made to the Conversion Ratio, with the
result that the holders of SJNB Stock shall receive the same economic benefit
as is provided for in Section 2.2(a).   2.3. Effect on GBB Stock. At and
after the Effective Time of the Merger,  ------------------- each
outstanding share of GBB Stock shall remain an outstanding share of GBB Stock
and shall not be converted or otherwise affected by the Merger. GBB Perfected
Dissenting Shares shall, after the Effective Time of the Merger, be entitled
only to such rights as are granted them by Chapter 13 of the CGCL. Each
dissenting shareholder who is entitled to payment for his or her shares
of GBB Stock shall receive such payment therefor from the Surviving
Corporation in an amount as determined pursuant to Chapter 13 of the
CGCL.   2.4. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of GBB Stock shall be 
----------------- issued in the Merger. In lieu thereof, each holder of SJNB
Stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share shall
receive an amount in cash equal to the product (calculated to the nearest
cent) obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of GBB Stock reported on
the Nasdaq National Market System on the Business Day immediately preceding
the Closing Date times (b) the fraction of the share of GBB Stock to which
such holder would otherwise be entitled. No such holder shall be entitled to
dividends or other rights in respect of any such fractional share.   2.5
Exchange Procedures.  -------------------  12    (a) At the Effective
Time of the Merger, GBB shall deposit with the Exchange Agent for the benefit
of the holders of shares of SJNB Stock, for exchange in accordance with this
Section 2.5 through the Exchange Agent, certificates representing the shares
of GBB Stock issuable pursuant to Section 2.2 in exchange for shares of SJNB
Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, and
funds in an amount not less than the amount of cash payable in lieu of
fractional shares of GBB Stock pursuant to Section 2.4 of this Agreement
(collectively, the "Exchange Fund").   (b) GBB shall direct the Exchange
Agent to mail, promptly after the Effective Time of the Merger, to each
holder of record of a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to
the Effective Time of the Merger represented outstanding shares of SJNB Stock
(the "Certificates") whose shares were converted into the right to receive
shares of GBB Stock pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, (i) a letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have such
other provisions as GBB and SJNB may reasonably specify), and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates
in exchange for certificates representing shares of GBB Stock, both of which
shall be reasonably satisfactory to SJNB. Upon surrender of a Certificate
for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or agents as
may be appointed by GBB, together with such letter of transmittal, duly
executed, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in
exchange therefor a certificate representing that number of whole shares of
GBB Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares which such holder has the
right to receive pursuant to Sections 2.2 and 2.4 hereof, and the Certificate
so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event a certificate is
surrendered representing SJNB Stock, the transfer of ownership of which is
not registered in the transfer records of SJNB, a certificate representing
the proper number of shares of GBB Stock may be issued to a transferee if the
Certificate representing such SJNB Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent,
accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer
and by evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.
Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.5, each Certificate shall
be deemed at any time after the Effective Time of the Merger to represent
only the right to receive upon such surrender the certificate representing
shares of GBB Stock and cash in lieu of any fractional shares of stock as
contemplated by this Section 2.5. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth herein, if any holder of shares of SJNB should be unable to
surrender the Certificates for such shares, because they have been lost or
destroyed, such holder may deliver in lieu thereof a bond in form and
substance and with surety reasonably satisfactory to GBB and shall
be entitled to receive the certificate representing the proper number of
shares of GBB Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares in accordance with
Sections 2.2 and 2.4 hereof.   (c) No dividends or other distributions
declared or made with respect to GBB Stock which are declared payable to
shareholders of record of GBB Stock after the Effective Time of the Merger
shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to
the shares of GBB Stock represented thereby and no cash payment in lieu of
fractional shares shall be paid to any such holder pursuant to Section 2.4
until the holder of record of such Certificate shall surrender such
Certificate. Subject to the effect of applicable laws, following surrender of
any such Certificate, there shall be paid to the record holder of the
certificates  13   representing whole shares of GBB Common Stock issued
in exchange thereof, without interest, (i) at the time of such surrender, the
amount of any cash payable in lieu of a fractional share of GBB Stock to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.4 and the amount of
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time
of the Merger theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares of GBB
Stock, and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or
other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time of the Merger
but prior to surrender and a payment date subsequent to surrender payable
with respect to such whole shares of GBB Stock.   (d) All shares of GBB
Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of SJNB Stock in accordance with
the terms hereof (including any cash paid pursuant to Section 2.4) shall be
deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to
such shares of SJNB Stock, and there shall be no further registration of
transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the
shares of SJNB Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time of the Merger. If, after the Effective Time of the Merger,
Certificates are presented to GBB for any reason, they shall be canceled and
exchanged as provided in this Agreement.   (e) Any portion of the Exchange
Fund which remains undistributed to the shareholders of SJNB following the
passage of six months after the Effective Time of the Merger shall be
delivered to GBB, upon demand, and any shareholders of SJNB who have not
theretofore complied with this Section 2.5 shall thereafter look only to GBB
for payment of their claim for GBB Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional
shares of GBB Stock and any dividends or distributions with respect to GBB
Stock.   (f) Neither GBB nor SJNB shall be liable to any holder of shares
of SJNB Stock for such shares (or dividends or distributions with respect
thereto) or cash from the Exchange Fund delivered to a public official
pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.  
(g) The Exchange Agent shall not be entitled to vote or exercise any rights
of ownership with respect to the shares of GBB Stock held by it from time to
time hereunder, except that it shall receive and hold all dividends or
other distributions paid or distributed with respect to such shares of GBB
Stock for the account of the Persons entitled thereto.   (h) Certificates
surrendered for exchange by any Person constituting an "Affiliate" of SJNB
for purposes of Rule 145(c) under the Securities Act shall not be exchanged
for certificates representing whole shares of GBB Stock until GBB has
received a written agreement from such person as provided in Section 6.9.  
2.6. Directors of Surviving Corporation. Immediately after the Effective 
----------------------------------- Time of the Merger, the Board of
Directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be comprised of the persons
serving as directors of GBB immediately prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger, plus two members of SJNB\'s Board of Directors selected by GBB. Such
persons shall serve until the earlier of their resignation or removal or
until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified.  14   
2.7 Directors of SJNBank. Immediately after the Effective Time of the 
-------------------- Merger, SJNBank will operate as a wholly owned
subsidiary of GBB, retaining its name, charter and current Board of
Directors; provided, however, David L. Kalkbrenner, or such other person
designated by GBB and reasonably acceptable to SJNB, shall be appointed to
the Board of Directors of SJNBank. GBB confirms that it has no current plan
or intention to combine SJNBank with or into any of the Banks.   2.8
Executive Officers of Surviving Corporation. Immediately after the 
-------------------------------------------- Effective Time of the Merger,
the executive officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be comprised of the
persons serving as executive officers of GBB immediately prior to the
Effective Time of the Merger. Such persons shall serve until the earlier of
their resignation or termination.   ARTICLE 3.   THE CLOSING 
-----------   3.1. Closing Date. The Closing shall take place on the Closing
Date.  ------------   3.2. Execution of Agreements. As soon as practicable
after execution of  ----------------------- this Agreement, the Agreement of
Merger together with all other agreements necessary to consummate the
transactions described herein shall be executed by the parties thereto. On
the Closing Date, the Agreement of Merger, together with all requisite
certificates, shall be duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
California as required by applicable law and regulations.   3.3 Further
Assurances. At the Closing, the parties hereto shall 
------------------ deliver, or cause to be delivered, such documents or
certificates as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of counsel for any
of the parties, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. From and after the Effective Time of the Merger, each of the
parties hereto covenants and agrees, without the necessity of any further
consideration whatsoever, to execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all
other documents and instruments and take any and all such other action as may
be reasonably necessary or desirable to more effectively carry out the intent
and purpose of this Agreement and the Agreement of Merger.   ARTICLE 4.  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SJNB 
--------------------------------------   SJNB represents and warrants to GBB
as follows, except as set forth in the SJNB Disclosure Letter:   4.1.
Incorporation, Standing and Power. SJNB has been duly organized, is 
--------------------------------- validly existing and in good standing as a
corporation under the laws of the State of California and is registered as a
bank holding company under the BHC Act. SJNBank is a national banking
association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the United  15   States of America and is authorized by the OCC
to conduct a general banking business. SJNBank\'s deposits are insured by the
FDIC in the manner and to the fullest extent provided by law. Epic Funding
Corporation has been duly organized, is validly existing and in good standing
as a corporation under the laws of the State of California. Each of the SJNB
Subsidiaries has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease
and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as
presently conducted. Neither the scope of the business of SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries nor the location of any of their respective properties requires
that either SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries be licensed to do business in any
jurisdiction other than the State of California where the failure to be so
licensed would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect on SJNB. SJNB has delivered to GBB true and correct copies of its and
each of the SJNB Subsidiaries\' Articles of Incorporation or Association, as
the case may be, and Bylaws, as amended, and in effect as of the date
hereof.   4.2. Capitalization.  --------------   (a) As of June 22, 2001,
the authorized capital stock of SJNB consists of 20,000,000 shares of SJNB
Stock, of which 3,808,402 shares are outstanding, and 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, none of which are outstanding. All of the outstanding shares
of SJNB Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable. Except for SJNB Stock Options covering 662,167 shares of
SJNB Stock granted pursuant to the SJNB Stock Option Plan, there are no
outstanding options, warrants or other rights in or with respect to the
unissued shares of SJNB Stock nor any securities convertible into such stock,
and SJNB is not obligated to issue any additional shares of its common stock
or any additional options, warrants or other rights in or with respect to the
unissued shares of such stock or any other securities convertible into such
stock. SJNB has furnished GBB a list (the "SJNB Option List") setting forth
the name of each holder of a SJNB Stock Option, the number of shares of SJNB
Stock covered by each such option, the vesting schedule of such option, the
exercise price per share and the expiration date of each such option.   (b)
As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of SJNBank
consists of 1,411,400 shares of common stock, $2.50 par value per share, of
which 1,067,207 shares are outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of
such common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable (except to the extent provided in the National Bank Act) and
are owned of record and beneficially by SJNB. There are no outstanding
options, warrants or other rights in or with respect to the unissued shares
of such common stock or any other securities convertible into such stock, and
SJNBank is not obligated to issue any additional shares of its common stock
or any options, warrants or other rights in or with respect to the unissued
shares of its common stock or any other securities convertible into such
stock.   (c) As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock
of Epic Funding Corporation consists of 100 shares of common stock, no par
value, of which 100 shares are outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of
such common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and are owned of record and beneficially by SJNBank. There are
no outstanding options, warrants or other rights in or with respect to the
unissued shares of such common stock or any other securities convertible into
such stock, and Epic Funding Corporation is not obligated to issue any
additional shares of its common stock or any  16   options, warrants or
other rights in or with respect to the unissued shares of its common stock or
any other securities convertible into such stock.   4.3. Subsidiaries. Other
than the SJNB Subsidiaries, SJNB does not own,  ------------ directly or
indirectly (except as a pledgee pursuant to loans or upon acquisition in
satisfaction of debt previously contracted), the outstanding stock or equity
or other voting interest in any Person.   4.4. Financial Statements. SJNB
has previously furnished to GBB a copy  -------------------- of the
Financial Statements of SJNB. The Financial Statements of SJNB: (a) present
fairly the consolidated financial condition of SJNB as of the
respective dates indicated and its consolidated statements of operations and
changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flows, for the respective periods
then ended, subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial
statements, to normal recurring or end of period adjustments; (b) have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied (except as otherwise indicated therein); (c) set forth
as of the respective dates indicated adequate reserves for loan losses and
other contingencies, in management\'s judgment; and (d) are based upon the
books and records of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries.   4.5. Reports and
Filings. Since January 1, 1998, each of SJNB and the 
------------------- SJNB Subsidiaries has filed all reports, proxy
statements, returns, registrations and statements (collectively, "SJNB
Filings"), together with any amendments required to be made with respect
thereto, that were required to be filed with (a) the FDIC, (b) the OCC, (c)
the FRB, (d) the SEC and (e) any other applicable Governmental Entity,
including taxing authorities, except where the failure to file such reports,
proxy statements, returns, registrations or statements has not had and is not
reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on SJNB. No
administrative actions have been taken or threatened or orders issued in
connection with such SJNB Filings. As of their respective dates, each of such
SJNB Filings (y) complied in all material respects with all laws and
regulations enforced or promulgated by the Governmental Entity with which it
was filed (or was amended so as to be in compliance promptly
following discovery of any such noncompliance); and (z) did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Any
financial statement contained in any of such SJNB Filings fairly presented
the financial position of SJNB on a consolidated basis, SJNB alone or each of
the SJNB Subsidiaries alone, as the case may be, and was prepared in
accordance with GAAP or banking regulations consistently applied, except as
stated therein, during the periods involved. SJNB has furnished or made
available to GBB true and correct copies of all SJNB Filings filed by SJNB
since January 1, 1998.   4.6. Authority of SJNB. The execution and delivery
by SJNB of this  ----------------- Agreement and the Agreement of Merger
and, subject to the requisite approval of the shareholders of SJNB of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of SJNB. This
Agreement is, and the Agreement of Merger will be, upon due execution and
delivery by the respective parties thereto, a valid and binding obligation of
SJNB enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as the
enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy,
liquidation, receivership, conservatorship, insolvency,  17   moratorium
or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and by
general equitable principles. Neither the execution and delivery by SJNB
of this Agreement and the Agreement of Merger, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein or therein, nor compliance by SJNB with any
of the provisions hereof or thereof, will: (a) conflict with or result in a
breach of any provision of its or the SJNB Subsidiaries\' Articles of
Incorporation or Association, as amended, or Bylaws, as amended; (b)
constitute a breach of or result in a default (or give rise to any rights of
termination, cancellation or acceleration, or any right to acquire any
securities or assets) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, franchise, license, permit, agreement or
other instrument or obligation to which SJNB or either of the SJNB
Subsidiaries is a party, or by which SJNB or either of the SJNB Subsidiaries
or any of their respective properties or assets are bound; (c) result in the
creation or imposition of any Encumbrance on any of the properties or assets
of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries; or (d) violate any order, writ, injunction,
decree (as to each of the foregoing, of which SJNB has notice), statute, rule
or regulation applicable to SJNB or either of the SJNB Subsidiaries or any of
their respective properties or assets. No consent of, approval of, notice to
or filing with any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over any aspect of
the business or assets of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries, and no consent of,
approval of or notice to any other Person, is required in connection with the
execution and delivery by SJNB of this Agreement and the Agreement of Merger
or the consummation by SJNB of the Merger or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby, except (i) the approval of this Agreement and the
Agreement of Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby by
the shareholders of SJNB; (ii) such approvals as may be required by the FRB
and the OCC; (iii) the filing of the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus and
Registration Statement on Form S-4 with the SEC; and (iv) the filing of the
Agreement of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State
of California.   4.7. Insurance. Each of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries has
policies of  --------- insurance and bonds with respect to its assets and
business against such casualties and contingencies and in such amounts, types
and forms as are customarily appropriate for its business, operations,
properties and assets. All such insurance policies and bonds are in full
force and effect. No insurer under any such policy or bond has canceled or
indicated an intention to cancel or not to renew any such policy or bond or
generally disclaimed liability thereunder. Neither SJNB nor the SJNB
Subsidiaries is in default under any such policy or bond and all material
claims thereunder have been filed in a timely fashion. Set forth in the SJNB
Disclosure Letter is a list, as of the date hereof, of all policies of
insurance carried and owned by either SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries showing
the name of the insurance company, the nature of the coverage, the policy
limit, the annual premiums and the expiration dates. There has been delivered
to GBB a copy of each such policy of insurance.   4.8. Personal Property.
Each of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries has good  ----------------- and
marketable title to all its material properties and assets, other than
real property, owned or stated to be owned by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries,
free and clear of all Encumbrances except: (a) as set forth in the Financial
Statements of SJNB; (b) for Encumbrances for current taxes not yet due; (c)
for Encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business; or (d)
for Encumbrances that are not substantial in character, amount or extent and
that do not materially detract from the value, or interfere with present use,
of the property subject thereto or affected thereby, or otherwise materially
impair the conduct of business of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries.  18   
4.9. Real Estate. SJNB has furnished GBB a list, as of the date hereof, 
----------- of real property, including leaseholds and all other interests in
real property (other than easements or security interests), owned by SJNB or
the SJNB Subsidiaries (the "SJNB Real Property List"). Each of SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries has duly recorded or caused to be recorded, in the
appropriate county, all recordable interests in such real property, including
leaseholds and all other interests in such real property (other than
easements or security interests), owned by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries.
Either SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to such
real property, and valid leasehold interests in such leaseholds, free and
clear of all Encumbrances, except (a) for rights of lessors, co-lessees or
sublessees in such matters that are reflected in the lease; (b) for current
taxes not yet due and payable; (c) for such Encumbrances, if any, as do not
materially detract from the value of or materially interfere with the present
use of such property; and (d) as described in the SJNB Filings. SJNB has
furnished GBB with true and correct copies of all leases evidencing
leaseholds owned by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries, all title insurance
policies and all documents evidencing recordation of all recordable interests
in such real property (other than easements or security interests) owned by
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries.   4.10. Litigation. There is no private or
governmental suit, claim,  ---------- action or proceeding pending, nor to
SJNB\'s knowledge threatened, against SJNB or either of the SJNB Subsidiaries
or against any of their respective directors, officers or employees relating
to the performance of their duties in such capacities or against or affecting
any properties of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries which, if adversely
determined, would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect on SJNB. Also, there are no material judgments, decrees, stipulations
or orders against SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or enjoining their respective
directors, officers or employees in respect of, or the effect of which is to
prohibit, any business practice or the acquisition of any property or the
conduct of business in any area.   4.11. Taxes.  -----   (a) Except as
set forth in the SJNB Disclosure Letter, (i) all Tax Returns required to be
filed by or on behalf of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or the Affiliated
Group(s) of which any of them is or was a member, have been duly and timely
filed with the appropriate taxing authorities in all jurisdictions in which
such Tax Returns are required to be filed (after giving effect to any valid
extensions of time in which to make such filings), and all such Tax Returns
were true, complete and correct in all material respects; (ii) all Taxes due
and payable by or on behalf of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries,
either directly, as part of an Affiliated Group Tax Return, or otherwise,
have been fully and timely paid, except to the extent adequately reserved
therefor in accordance with GAAP and/or applicable regulatory accounting
principles or banking regulations consistently applied on the SJNB balance
sheet, and adequate reserves or accruals for Taxes have been provided in the
SJNB balance sheet with respect to any period through the date thereof for
which Tax Returns have not yet been filed or for which Taxes are not yet due
and owing; and (iii) no agreement, waiver or other document or arrangement
extending or having the effect of extending the period for assessment or
collection of Taxes (including, but not limited to, any applicable statute of
limitation) has been executed or filed with any taxing authority by or
on  19   behalf of SJNB, the SJNB Subsidiaries or any of their
Subsidiaries, or any Affiliated Group(s) of which any of them is or was a
member.   (b) SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries have complied in all
material respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to
the payment and withholding of Taxes and have duly and timely withheld from
employee salaries, wages and other compensation and have paid over to the
appropriate taxing authorities all amounts required to be so withheld and
paid over for all periods under all applicable laws.   (c) GBB has received
complete copies of (i) all income or franchise Tax Returns of SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries relating to the taxable periods since January 1, 1998 and
(ii) any audit report issued within the last three years relating to any
Taxes due from or with respect to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries with respect
to their respective income, assets or operations.   (d) No written claim has
been made by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction where SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries do not file an income or franchise Tax Return such that SJNB or
the SJNB Subsidiaries are or may be subject to taxation by that
jurisdiction.   (e) (i) All deficiencies asserted or assessments made as a
result of any examinations by any taxing authority of the Tax Returns of or
covering or including SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries have been fully paid,
and, to the best of SJNB\'s knowledge, there are no other audits or
investigations by any taxing authority in progress, nor have SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries received any written notice from any taxing authority that it
intends to conduct such an audit or investigation; (ii) no requests for a
ruling or a determination letter are pending with any taxing authority; and
(iii) no issue has been raised in writing by any taxing authority in any
current or prior examination which, by application of the same or similar
principles, could reasonably be expected to result in a proposed deficiency
against SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries for any subsequent taxable period that
could be material.   (f) Neither SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries nor any other
Person on behalf of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries has (i) filed a consent
pursuant to Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of
the Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as such term is
defined in Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries (ii) agreed to or is required to make any adjustments pursuant
to Section 481(a) of the Code or any similar provision of state, local or
foreign law by reason of a change in accounting method initiated by SJNB or
the SJNB Subsidiaries or has any knowledge that the Internal Revenue Service
has proposed in writing any such adjustment or change in accounting method,
or has any application pending with any taxing authority requesting
permission for any changes in accounting methods that relate to the business
or operations of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or (iii) executed or entered
into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of the Code or any
predecessor provision thereof or any similar provision of state, local or
foreign law with respect to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries.   (g) No property
owned by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries is (i) property required to be treated
as being owned by another Person pursuant to provisions of
Section  20   168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended
and in effect immediately prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform Act of
1986, (ii) constitutes "tax exempt use property" within the meaning of
Section 168(h)(1) of the Code or (iii) is "tax-exempt bond financed property"
within the meaning of Section 168(g) of the Code.   (h) Neither SJNB
(except with the SJNB Subsidiaries) nor either of the SJNB Subsidiaries
(except with SJNB) is a party to any tax sharing agreement or similar
agreement or arrangement (whether written or not written) pursuant to which
it will have any obligation to make any payments after the Closing.   (i)
There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement covering any Person
that, individually or collectively, could give rise to the payment of
any amount that would not be deductible by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or
their respective affiliates by reason of Section 280G of the Code, or would
constitute compensation in excess of the limitation set forth in Section
162(m) of the Code.   (j) There are no liens as a result of any due and
unpaid Taxes upon any of the assets of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries.   (k)
None of the members of SJNB\'s Affiliated Group has any net operating loss
carryovers.   (l) SJNB agrees, and agrees to cause the SJNB Subsidiaries,
to cooperate with tax counsel in furnishing reasonable and customary written
tax representations to tax counsel for purposes of supporting tax counsel\'s
opinion that the Merger qualifies as a tax-deferred reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code (a "368 Reorganization") as
contemplated in Section 11.16 hereof. SJNB acknowledges that its and the SJNB
Subsidiaries\' inability or unwillingness to provide such reasonable and
customary written representations could preclude tax counsel from rendering
such opinion, with consequences specified elsewhere herein.   4.12.
Compliance with Laws and Regulations. 
------------------------------------   (a) Neither SJNB nor the SJNB
Subsidiaries is in default under or in breach or violation of (i) any
provision its Articles of Incorporation or Association, as amended, or
Bylaws, as amended, or (ii) law, ordinance, rule or regulation promulgated by
any Governmental Entity, except, with respect to this clause (ii), for such
violations as would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on SJNB.   (b) To SJNB\'s knowledge, (i) each of SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Environmental Regulations; (ii)
there are no Tanks on or about SJNB Property; (iii) there are no Hazardous
Materials on, below or above the surface of, or migrating to or from SJNB
Property; (iv) neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries has loans outstanding
secured by real property that is not in compliance with Environmental
Regulations or which has a leaking Tank or upon which there are Hazardous
Materials on or migrating to or from; and (v) without limiting Section 4.10
or the foregoing representations and warranties
contained in  21   clauses (i) through (iv), as of the date of this
Agreement, there is no claim, action, suit, or proceeding or notice thereof
before any Governmental Entity pending against SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries
or concerning property securing SJNB or SJNB Subsidiaries loans and there is
no outstanding judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, or award against or
affecting SJNB Property or property securing SJNB or SJNB Subsidiaries loans,
relating to the foregoing representations (i) - (iv), in each case the
noncompliance with which, or the presence of which would have a Material
Adverse Effect on SJNB. For purposes of this Agreement, the term
"Environmental Regulations" shall mean all applicable statutes, regulations,
rules, ordinances, codes, licenses, permits, orders, approvals, plans,
authorizations, concessions, franchises, and similar items, of all
Governmental Entities and all applicable judicial, administrative,
and regulatory decrees, judgments, and orders relating to the protection of
human health or the environment, including, without limitation those
pertaining to reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation, and
remediation of emissions, discharges, releases, or threatened releases of
Hazardous Materials, chemical substances, pollutants, contaminants, or
hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes whether solid, liquid, or
gaseous in nature, into the air, surface water, groundwater, or land, or
relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport, or handling of chemical substances, pollutants,
contaminants, or hazardous or toxic substances, materials, or wastes, whether
solid, liquid, or gaseous in nature and all requirements pertaining to the
protection of the health and safety of employees or the public. "SJNB
Property" shall mean real estate currently owned, leased, or otherwise used
by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries, or in which SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries
has an investment or security interest (by mortgage, deed of trust, sale and
lease-back or otherwise), including, without limitation, properties under
foreclosure and properties held by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries in
its capacity as a trustee or otherwise. "Tank" shall mean treatment or
storage tanks, gas or oil wells and associated piping transportation devices.
"Hazardous Materials" shall mean any substance: (1) the presence of which
requires investigation or remediation under any federal, state or local
statute, regulation, ordinance, order, action, policy or common law; (2)
which is defined as a hazardous waste, hazardous substance, hazardous
material, used oil, pollutant or contaminant under any federal, state or
local statute, regulation, rule or ordinance or amendments thereto including,
without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq.); the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq.); the Clean
Air Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 7401, et seq.); the Federal Water
Pollution Control Act, as amended (33 U.S.C. Section 1251, et seq.); the
Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended (15 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq.);
the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (29 U.S.C. Section 651;
the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C.
Section 11001, et seq.); the Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended
(30 U.S.C. Section 801, et seq.); the Safe Drinking Water Act (42
U.S.C. Section 300f, et seq.); and all comparable state and local laws,
including without limitation, the Carpenter-Presley-Tanner Hazardous
Substance Account Act (State Superfund), the Porter-Cologne Water Quality
Control Act, Section 25140, 25501(j) and (k), 25501.1,25281 and 25250.1 of
the California Health and Safety Code and/or Article I of Title 22 of the
California Code of Regulations, Division 4, Chapter 30; (3) comparable laws
of other jurisdictions or orders and regulations thereunder; (4) the presence
of which causes or threatens to cause a nuisance, trespass or other common
law tort upon real property or adjacent properties or poses or threatens to
pose a hazard to the health or safety of persons or without limitation, which
contains gasoline, diesel fuel or other petroleum  22   hydrocarbons; or
(5) polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), asbestos, lead- containing paints or
urea formaldehyde foam insulation.   (c) SJNB has provided to GBB phase I
environmental assessments with respect to each interest in real property
owned by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries as to which such a phase I
environmental investigation has been prepared by or on behalf of SJNB or the
SJNB Subsidiaries. The SJNB Real Property list shall disclose each such
property as to which such an assessment has not been prepared on behalf of
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries.   4.13. Performance of Obligations. Each of
SJNB and the SJNB  --------------------------- Subsidiaries has performed in
all material respects all of the obligations required to be performed by it
to date and is not in default under or in breach of any term or provision of
any Scheduled Contract to which it is a party, is subject or is otherwise
bound, and no event has occurred that, with the giving of notice or the
passage of time or both, would constitute such default or breach, where such
default or breach would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on SJNB. Except for loans and leases made by SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, to SJNB\'s knowledge, no
party to any Scheduled Contract is in default thereunder.   4.14. Employees.
There are no controversies pending or, to the best of  --------- SJNB\'s
knowledge, threatened between either SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries and any of
their respective employees that are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
on SJNB. Neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries is a party to any collective
bargaining agreement with respect to any of its employees or any labor
organization to which its employees or any of them belong.   4.15. Brokers
and Finders. Except for the obligation to Dain Rauscher 
------------------- Wessels set forth in the Dain Rauscher Agreement, a copy
of which has been delivered to GBB, neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries is
a party to or obligated under any agreement with any broker or finder
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the execution
of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions provided for
herein will result in any liability to any broker or finder.   4.16.
Material Contracts. Except as set forth in the SJNB Disclosure 
------------------ Letter (each item listed or required to be listed in such
SJNB Disclosure Letter by this Section 4.16 being referred to herein as a
"Scheduled Contract"), neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries is a party or
otherwise subject to:   (a) any employment, deferred compensation, bonus or
consulting contract that (i) has a remaining term, as of the date of this
Agreement, of more than one year in length of obligation on the part of SJNB
or the SJNB Subsidiaries and is not terminable by SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries within one year without penalty or (ii) requires payment by SJNB
or the SJNB Subsidiaries of $100,000 or more per annum;   (b) any
advertising, brokerage, licensing, dealership, representative or agency
relationship or contract requiring payment by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries
of $100,000 or more per annum;  23    (c) any contract or agreement that
restricts SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries (or would restrict any Affiliate of
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or the Surviving Corporation (including GBB and
its Subsidiaries) after the Effective Time of the Merger) from competing in
any line of business with any Person or using or employing the services of
any Person;   (d) any lease of real or personal property providing for
annual lease payments by or to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries in excess of
$100,000 per annum other than (A) financing leases entered into in the
ordinary course of business in which SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries is lessor
and (B) leases of real property presently used by the SJNB Subsidiaries as
offices;   (e) any mortgage, pledge, conditional sales contract,
security agreement, option, or any other similar agreement with respect to
any interest of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries (other than as mortgagor or
pledgor in the ordinary course of its banking business, as mortgagee, secured
party or deed of trust beneficiary in the ordinary course of its banking
business or as security for deposits of Governmental Entities in the ordinary
course of its banking business ) in personal property having a value of
$100,000 or more;   (f) other than as described in the SJNB Filings or as
set forth in the SJNB Disclosure Letter, any stock purchase, stock option,
stock bonus, stock ownership, profit sharing, group insurance, bonus,
deferred compensation, severance pay, pension, retirement, savings or other
incentive, welfare or employment plan or material agreement providing
benefits to any present or former employees, officers or directors of SJNB or
the SJNB Subsidiaries;   (g) any agreement to acquire equipment or any
commitment to make capital expenditures of $100,000 or more;   (h) other
than agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, including
sales of other real estate owned, any agreement for the sale of any property
or assets in which SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries has an ownership interest or
for the grant of any preferential right to purchase any such property or
asset;   (i) any agreement for the borrowing of any money (other
than liabilities or interbank borrowings made in the ordinary course of its
banking business and reflected in the financial records of SJNB or the
SJNB Subsidiaries);   (j) any restrictive covenant contained in any deed to
or lease of real property owned or leased by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries
(as lessee) that materially restricts the use, transferability or value of
such property;   (k) any guarantee or indemnification which involves the sum
of $100,000 or more, other than letters of credit or loan commitments issued
in the normal course of business, indemnification obligations set forth in
the Bylaws of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or in the SJNB Scheduled
Contracts;  24    (l) any supply, facilities maintenance or landscape
contracts not terminable by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries without penalty on
30 days\' or less notice and which provides for payments in excess of
$100,000 per annum;   (m) any material agreement which would be terminable
other than by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries as a result of the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (n) any contract of
participation with any other bank in any loan in excess of $100,000 or any
sales of assets of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries with recourse of any kind to
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries except the sale of mortgage loans, servicing
rights, repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements, securities or other
financial transactions in the ordinary course of business;   (o) any
agreement providing for the sale or servicing of any loan or other asset
which constitutes a "recourse arrangement" under applicable regulation or
policy promulgated by a Governmental Entity (except for agreements for the
sale of guaranteed portions of loans guaranteed in part by the U. S. Small
Business Administration and related servicing agreements);   (p) any
contract relating to the provision of data processing services to SJNB or the
SJNB Subsidiaries which provides for payments in excess of $100,000 per
annum; or   (q) any other agreement of any other kind which involves
future payments or receipts or performances of services or delivery of items
requiring payment of $100,000 or more to or by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries
other than payments made under or pursuant to loan agreements, participation
agreements and other agreements for the extension of credit in the ordinary
course of their business.   True copies of all SJNB Scheduled Contracts,
including all amendments and supplements thereto, have been delivered to
GBB.   4.17. Certain Material Changes. Except as specifically required, 
------------------------ permitted or effected by this Agreement or as
disclosed in the SJNB Filings, since March 31, 2001, there has not been,
occurred or arisen any of the following (whether or not in the ordinary
course of business unless otherwise indicated):   (a) any change in any of
the assets, liabilities, permits, methods of accounting or accounting
practices, business, or manner of conducting business, of SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries or any other event or development that has had or may reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect on SJNB;   (b) any damage, destruction or other casualty loss
(whether or not covered by insurance) that has had or may reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on SJNB;  25    (c) any
amendment, modification or termination of any existing, or entry into any
new, material contract or permit that has had or may reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on SJNB;   (d) any disposition by SJNB or
the SJNB Subsidiaries of an asset the lack of which has had or may reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on SJNB; or   (e) any direct
or indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition by SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries of any equity securities or any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend or other distribution on or in respect of SJNB Stock
whether consisting of money, other personal property, real property or other
things of value (except for dividends permitted by Section 6.1(b)).   4.18.
Licenses and Permits. Each of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries has 
-------------------- all material licenses and permits that are necessary for
the conduct of its business, and such licenses are in full force and effect,
except for any failure to be in full force and effect that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on SJNB. The
respective properties, assets, operations and businesses of SJNB and the SJNB
Subsidiaries are and have been maintained and conducted, in all material
respects, in compliance with all applicable (a) licenses and permits; and (b)
laws and regulations.   4.19. Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither SJNB nor the
SJNB Subsidiaries  ----------------------- has any liabilities or
obligations, either accrued or contingent, that are material to SJNB and that
have not been: (a) reflected or disclosed in the Financial Statements of
SJNB; (b) incurred subsequent to December 31, 2000 in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices; or (c) disclosed in the SJNB
Disclosure Letter or on any other SJNB List. SJNB does not know of any basis
for the assertion against it or the SJNB Subsidiaries of any liability,
obligation or claim (including, without limitation, that of any regulatory
authority) that is likely to result in or cause a Material Adverse Effect on
SJNB that is not fairly reflected in the Financial Statements of SJNB or
otherwise disclosed in this Agreement.   4.20. Employee Benefit Plans. 
----------------------   (a) SJNB has previously made available to GBB
copies of each "employee benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA,
of which SJNB or any member of the same controlled group of corporations,
trades or businesses as SJNB within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of
ERISA ("ERISA Affiliates") is a sponsor or participating employer or as to
which SJNB or any of its ERISA Affiliates makes contributions or is required
to make contributions and which is subject to any provision of ERISA and
covers any employee, whether active or retired, of SJNB or any of its ERISA
Affiliates, together with all amendments thereto, all currently effective and
related summary plan descriptions, the determination letter from the IRS, the
annual reports for the most recent three years (Form 5500 including, if
applicable, Schedule B thereto) and a summary of material modifications and
all material employee communications prepared in connection with any such
plan. Such plans are hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Employee
Plans." SJNB does not participate in an employee benefit pension plan that is
a "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section 3(37) of
ERISA.  26   Each Employee Plan which is intended to be qualified in form
and operation under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and the
associated trust for each such Employee Plan is exempt from tax under Section
501(a) of the Code. No event has occurred that will subject such Employee
Plans to a material amount of tax under Section 511 of the Code. All
amendments required to bring each Employee Plan into conformity with all of
the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other applicable laws
have been made, except to the extent that such amendments may be
retroactively adopted under Section 401(b) of the Code and the regulations
issued thereunder. Except as disclosed in the SJNB Disclosure Letter, all
Employee Plans were in effect prior to January 1, 2001, and there has been no
material amendment thereof (other than amendments required to comply with
applicable law) or increase in the cost thereof or benefits thereunder on or
after January 1, 2001.   (b) SJNB has previously made available to GBB
copies or descriptions of each plan or arrangement maintained or otherwise
contributed to by SJNB or any of its ERISA Affiliates which is not an
Employee Plan and which (exclusive of base salary and base wages) provides
for any form of current or deferred compensation, bonus, stock option, stock
awards, stock-based compensation or other forms of incentive compensation or
post-termination insurance, profit sharing, benefit, retirement, group health
or insurance, disability, workers\' compensation, welfare or similar plan or
arrangement for the benefit of any employee or class of employees, whether
active or retired, of SJNB or any of its ERISA Affiliates (such plans and
arrangements being collectively referred to herein as "Benefit
Arrangements"). Except as disclosed in the SJNB Disclosure Letter, all
Benefit Arrangements which are in effect were commenced or in effect prior to
January 1, 2001. Except as disclosed in the SJNB Disclosure Letter, there has
been no material amendment thereof or increase in the cost thereof
or benefits payable thereunder since January 1, 2001. Except as set forth in
the SJNB Disclosure Letter, there has been no material increase in the
compensation of or benefits payable to any senior executive employee of SJNB
since January 1, 2001, nor any employment, severance or similar contract
entered into with any such employee, nor any amendment to any such contract,
since January 1, 2001.   (c) With respect to all Employee Plans and Benefit
Arrangements, SJNB and its ERISA Affiliates are in compliance (other than
noncompliance the cost or liability for which would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on SJNB) with the requirements prescribed by any and all
statutes, governmental or court orders, or governmental rules or regulations
currently in effect, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code,
applicable to such plans or arrangements. All government reports and filings
required by law have been properly and timely filed and all information
required to be distributed to participants or beneficiaries has been
distributed with respect to each Employee Plan. SJNB and its ERISA Affiliates
have performed all of their obligations under all such Employee Plans and
Benefit Arrangements in all material aspects. There is no pending or, to the
best of SJNB\'s knowledge, threatened legal action, proceeding or
investigation against or involving any Employee Plan or Benefit
Arrangement. No condition exists that could constitute grounds for the
termination of any Employee Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA. No "prohibited
transaction," as defined in Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the
Code, has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan, or any other employee
benefit plan maintained by SJNB or any of its ERISA Affiliates which is
covered by Title I of ERISA, which could subject any person (other than a
person for whom SJNB is not  27   directly or indirectly responsible) to
liability under Title I of ERISA or to the imposition of tax under Section
4975 of the Code (other than any such transaction the cost or liability for
which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on SJNB). No Employee Plan
subject to Part III of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA or Section 412 of the
Code, or both, has incurred any "accumulated funding deficiency," as defined
in Section 412 of the Code, whether or not waived, nor has SJNB failed to
make any contribution or pay any amount due and owing as required by the
terms of any Employee Plan or Benefit Arrangement. No "reportable event" as
defined in ERISA has occurred with respect to any of the Employee Plans.
Neither SJNB nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred nor expects to
incur, directly or indirectly, any liability under Title IV of ERISA arising
in connection with the termination of, or a complete or partial withdrawal
from, any plan covered or previously covered by Title IV of ERISA which could
constitute a liability of GBB or of any of its Affiliates (including SJNB and
the SJNB Subsidiaries) at or after the Effective Time of the Merger.   (d)
Neither SJNB nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has provided or is required to
provide security to any Employee Plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the
Code. Each of the Employee Plans which is intended to be a qualified plan
under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable
determination letter from the IRS and neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries
knows of any fact which reasonably could be expected to adversely affect the
qualified status of any such Employee Plan. All contributions required to be
made to each of the Employee Plans under the terms of the Employee Plan,
ERISA, the Code or any other applicable laws have been timely made. The
Financial Statements of SJNB properly reflect all amounts required to be
accrued as liabilities to date under each of the Employee Plans. The fair
market value of the assets of each Employee Plan and Benefit Arrangement that
is funded, or required to be funded under the terms of the Employee Plan or
Benefit Arrangement, ERISA, the Code or any other applicable law, equals or
exceeds the liabilities, including the present value of benefit obligations,
of such Employee Plan or Benefit Arrangement.   (e) Except for SJNB
Scheduled Contracts or as set forth in the SJNB Disclosure Letter, each
Employee Plan or Benefit Arrangement and each personal services contract,
fringe benefit, consulting contract or similar arrangement with or for the
benefit of any officer, director, employee or other person can be terminated
by SJNB within a period of 30 days following the Effective Time of the
Merger, without payment of any specified material amount as a penalty, bonus,
premium, severance pay or other compensation for such termination.   (f) All
group health plans of SJNB have been operated in compliance with the group
health plan continuation coverage requirements of Section 4980B of the Code
and with the group health plan portability, access and
renewability requirements of Sections 9801 through 9833 of the Code, and
corresponding provisions of ERISA, in all material respects.   (g) Except
as set forth in the SJNB Disclosure Letter, neither SJNB nor the SJNB
Subsidiaries has used the services of (i) workers who have been provided by a
third party contract labor supplier for more than six months or who may
otherwise be eligible to participate in any of the Employee Plans or to an
extent that would reasonably be expected to result in the disqualification
of any of the Employee Plans or the imposition of penalties or excise taxes
with respect to the IRS, the Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation or any  28   other Governmental Entity; (ii)
temporary employees who have worked for more than six months or who may
otherwise be eligible to participate in any of the Employee Plans or to an
extent that would reasonably be expected to result in the disqualification of
any of the Employee Plans or the imposition of penalties or excise taxes with
respect to the IRS, the Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation or any other Governmental Entity; (iii) individuals who have
provided services to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries as independent contractors
for more than six months or who may otherwise be eligible to participate in
the Employee Plans or to an extent that would reasonably be expected to
result in the disqualification of any of the Employee Plans or the imposition
of penalties or excise taxes with respect to the IRS, the Department of
Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other
Governmental Entity or (iv) leased employees, as that term is defined in
section 414(n) of the Code.   (h) Except as set forth in the SJNB
Disclosure Letter, with respect to each Employee Plan that is funded wholly
or partially through an insurance policy, there will be no material liability
of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries, as of the Closing Date, under any such
insurance policy or ancillary agreement with respect to such insurance policy
in the nature of a retroactive rate adjustment, loss sharing arrangement or
other actual or contingent liability arising wholly or partially out of
events occurring prior to the Closing Date.   4.21. Corporate Records. The
minute books of each of SJNB, SJNBank and  ----------------- Epic Funding
Corporation (since May 22, 1998 with respect to Epic Funding Corporation)
accurately reflect all material corporate actions taken to this date by the
respective shareholders, board of directors and committees of each of SJNB
and the SJNB Subsidiaries.   4.22. Accounting Records. Each of SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries  ------------------ maintains accounting records which
fairly and accurately reflect, in all material respects, its transactions and
accounting controls exist sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that
such transactions are, in all material respects, (i) executed in accordance
with its management\'s general or specific authorization, and (ii) recorded
as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles. Such records, to the extent
they contain important information pertaining to SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries which is not easily and readily available elsewhere, have been
duplicated, and such duplicates are stored safely and securely.   4.23.
Offices and ATMs. SJNB has furnished to GBB a list (the "SJNB 
---------------- Offices List") setting forth the headquarters of each of
SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries (identified as such) and each of the offices
and automated teller machines ("ATMs") maintained and operated by SJNB or the
SJNB Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, representative and loan
production offices and operations centers) and the location thereof. Except
as set forth on the SJNB Offices List, neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries
maintains any other office or ATM or conducts business at any other location,
and neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries has applied for or received
permission to open any additional branch or operate at any other
location.   4.24. Operating Losses. SJNB has furnished to GBB a list (the
"SJNB  ---------------- Operating Losses List") setting forth any Operating
Loss (as herein defined) which has occurred at SJNB during the period after
December 31, 2000 to the date of this Agreement. To the best of
SJNB\'s  29   knowledge, no action has been taken or omitted to be taken
by any employee of SJNB that has resulted in the incurrence by SJNB of an
Operating Loss or that might reasonably be expected to result in the
incurrence of any individual Operating Loss which would exceed $1,000,000 on
an individual basis or in the aggregate. For purposes of this section
"Operating Loss" means any loss resulting from cash shortages, lost or
misposted items, disputed clerical and accounting errors, forged checks,
payment of checks over stop payment orders, counterfeit money, wire transfers
made in error, theft, robberies, defalcations, check kiting, fraudulent use
of credit cards or ATMs, civil money penalties, fines, litigation, claims or
other similar acts or occurrences.   4.25. Loan Portfolio. SJNB has
furnished to GBB a list (the "SJNB Loan  -------------- List") that sets
forth (a) as of May 31, 2001, a description of, by type and classification,
if any, each loan, lease, other extension of credit or commitment to extend
credit by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries; (b) sets forth as of May 31, 2001,
by type and classification, all loans, leases, other extensions and
commitments to extend credit of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries that have
been classified by its bank examiners or auditors (external or internal) as
"Watch List," "Substandard," "Doubtful," "Loss" or any comparable
classification; and (c) all consumer loans due to SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries as to which any payment of principal, interest or any other
amount is 90 days or more past due.   4.26. Investment Securities. SJNB has
furnished to GBB a list (the  --------------------- "SJNB Investment
Securities List") setting forth a description of each Investment Security
held by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries on May 31, 2001. The SJNB Investment
Securities List sets forth, with respect to each such Investment Security:
(i) the issuer thereof; (ii) the outstanding balance or number of shares;
(iii) the maturity, if applicable; (iv) the title of issue; and (v)
the classification under SFAS No. 115. Neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries
has any Investment Security classified as trading.   4.27. Power of
Attorney. Neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries has 
----------------- granted any Person a power of attorney or similar
authorization that is presently in effect or outstanding.   4.28. Facts
Affecting Regulatory Approvals. To the best knowledge of 
------------------------------------ SJNB, there is no fact, event or
condition applicable to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries which will, or
reasonably could be expected to, adversely affect the likelihood of securing
the requisite approvals or consents of any Governmental Entity to the Merger
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.29. Pooling; Tax
Treatment.  ----------------------   (a) SJNB intends that the Merger be
accounted for under the "pooling-of- interests" method under the requirements
of Opinion No. 16 (Business Combinations) of the Accounting Principles Board
of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, and the rules and regulations of the
SEC.  30    (b) Neither SJNB nor any of its Affiliates has taken or
agreed to take any action or is aware of any fact or circumstance with
respect to SJNB that would prevent the Merger from qualifying (i) for
"pooling-of-interests" accounting treatment as described in (a) above or (ii)
as a 368 Reorganization.   4.30. Indemnification. Other than pursuant to the
provisions of their  --------------- respective Articles of Incorporation or
Association, as the case may be, or Bylaws, or as disclosed in the SJNB
Disclosure Letter, the Dain Rauscher Agreement or the Scheduled Contracts,
neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries is a party to any indemnification
agreement with any of its present officers, directors, employees, agents or
other persons who serve or served in any other capacity with any other
enterprise at the request of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries ("Covered
Parties"), and to the best knowledge of SJNB, there are no claims for which
any Covered Person would be entitled to indemnification by SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries if such provisions were deemed in effect, except as set forth in
a list furnished by SJNB to GBB (the "SJNB Indemnification List").   4.31.
Community Reinvestment Act. SJNBank has received rating of 
-------------------------- "satisfactory" in its most recent examination or
interim review with respect to the Community Reinvestment Act. SJNBank has
not been advised of any material supervisory concerns regarding SJNBank\'s
compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act.   4.32. Derivative
Transactions. Except as set forth in the SJNB 
----------------------- Disclosure Letter, neither SJNB nor the SJNB
Subsidiaries is a party to or has agreed to enter into an exchange traded or
over-the-counter equity, interest rate, foreign exchange or other swap,
forward, future, option, cap, floor or collar or any other contract that is
not included on the balance sheet and is a derivative contract (including
various combinations thereof) or owns securities that are referred to
generically as "structured notes," "high risk mortgage derivatives," "capped
floating rate notes," or "capped floating rate mortgage derivatives."  
4.33. Trust Administration. Neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries 
-------------------- presently maintains trusts or exercises trust powers,
including, but not limited to, trust administration, and none of them nor any
predecessor has maintained any trusts or exercised such trust powers for a
period of at least three years prior to the date hereof. The term "trusts" as
used in this Section 4.33 includes (i) any and all common law or other trusts
between an individual, corporation or other entities and SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries or any of their predecessors, as trustee or co-trustee,
including, without limitation, pension or other qualified or nonqualified
employee benefit plans, compensation, testamentary, inter vivos, and
charitable trust indentures; (ii) any and all decedents\' estates where SJNB
or the SJNB Subsidiaries or any of their predecessors is serving or has
served as a co-executor or sole executor, personal representative or
administrator, administrator de bonis non, administrator de bonis non with
will annexed, or in any similar fiduciary capacity; (iii) any and all
guardianships, conservatorships or similar positions where SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries or any of their predecessors is serving or has served as a co-
grantor or a sole grantor or a conservator or co-conservator of the estate,
or any similar fiduciary capacity; and (iv) any and all agency and/or
custodial accounts and/or similar arrangements, including plan administrator
for employee benefit accounts, under which SJNB or the
SJNB  31   Subsidiaries or any of their predecessors is serving or has
served as an agent or custodian for the owner or other party establishing the
account with or without investment authority.   4.34. Disclosure Documents
and Applications. None of the information 
------------------------------------- supplied or to be supplied by or on
behalf of SJNB ("SJNB Supplied Information") for inclusion in (a) the
Registration Statement on Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement and
Prospectus and (b) any other documents to be filed with the SEC, the FRB, the
OCC or any other Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement, will, at the respective times such documents
are filed or become effective, or with respect to the Joint Proxy Statement
and Prospectus when mailed, with respect to the SJNB Supplied Information,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   4.35. Intellectual Property. SJNB and the SJNB
Subsidiaries own or  --------------------- possess valid and binding
licenses and other rights to use without payment all material patents,
copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, service marks and trademarks used in
their respective businesses; and neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries has
received any notice with respect thereto that asserts the rights of others.
SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries have in all material respects performed all
the obligations required to be performed by them, and are not in default in
any material respect under any license, contract, agreement, arrangement or
commitment relating to any of the foregoing.   4.36. Insider Loans; Other
Transactions. SJNB has previously provided GBB 
--------------------------------- or its agent with a listing, current as of
May 31, 2001, of all outstanding extensions of credit made by SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries to each of its executive officers and directors and their
related interests (all as defined under FRB Regulation O), all of which have
been made in compliance with Regulation O, and Section 23B under the Federal
Reserve Act which listing is true, correct and complete in all material
respects. Neither SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries owes any amount to, or has
any contract or lease with or commitment to, any of the present executive
officers or directors of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries (other than for
compensation for current services not yet due and payable, reimbursement of
expenses arising in the ordinary course of business, options or awards
available under the SJNB Stock Option Plans or any amounts due pursuant to
SJNB\'s Employee Plans).   4.37. Registration Obligation. Except as
disclosed in the SJNB Disclosure  ----------------------- Letter, neither
SJNB nor the SJNB Subsidiaries is under any obligation, contingent or
otherwise, to register any of their respective securities under the
Securities Act.   4.38. Accuracy and Currentness of Information Furnished.
The  ------------------------------------------------- representations and
warranties made by SJNB hereby or in the SJNB Lists or schedules hereto do
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact which is necessary under the circumstances under which they
were made to prevent the statements contained herein or in such schedules
from being misleading.  32    4.39 Opinion of Financial Advisor. SJNB has
received the opinion of  ---------------------------- Dain Rauscher Wessels
to the effect that, asof the date of such opinion, the Conversion Ratio is
fair from a financial point of view to the holders of the SJNB Stock, and as
of the date hereof such opinion has not been withdrawn.   4.40 Pooling
Letter. SJNB has received a letter from KPMG dated as of 
-------------- June 22, 2001 and addressed to SJNB, a copy of which has been
delivered to GBB, stating that KPMG concurs with SJNB management\'s
conclusion that, as of June 22, 2001, SJNB is eligible to participate in a
transaction accounted for as a "pooling-of-interests" under Opinion 16
(Business Combination) of the Accounting Principles Board of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the rules and regulations of
the SEC.   ARTICLE 5.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF GBB 
-------------------------------------   GBB represents and warrants to SJNB
as follows, except as set forth in the GBB Disclosure Letter:   5.1.
Incorporation, Standing and Power. GBB has been duly organized, is 
--------------------------------- validly existing and in good standing as a
corporation under the laws of the State of California and is registered as a
bank holding company under the BHC Act. GBB has all requisite corporate power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to
carry on its business as presently conducted. GBB is duly qualified and in
good standing as a foreign corporation, and is authorized to do business, in
all states or other jurisdictions in which such qualification or
authorization is necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or
authorized would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on GBB. True and correct copies of the Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws of GBB have been delivered to SJNB. Such Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws are in full force and effect as of the date
hereof.   5.2. Capitalization. As of the date of this Agreement, the
authorized  -------------- capital stock of GBB consists of 80,000,000
shares of common stock, of which 42,707,679 shares are outstanding as of June
22, 2001, and 4,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value, of which no
shares are outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of GBB Stock are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The GBB Stock to be
issued in the Merger will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable. GBB has entered into a Rights Agreement, dated as of November
17, 1998, with Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., pursuant to which GBB has
issued rights to purchase shares of GBB\'s preferred stock upon the
occurrence of certain events. Neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Merger nor the issuance of GBB Stock in connection therewith
will constitute an event triggering the exercisability of such rights.  
5.3. Financial Statements. GBB has previously furnished to SJNB a copy 
-------------------- of the Financial Statements of GBB. The Financial
Statements of GBB: (a) present fairly and accurately the consolidated
financial condition of GBB as of the respective dates indicated and its
consolidated results of operations and changes in shareholders\' equity and
cash flows, as  33   applicable, for the respective periods then ended,
subject, in the case of the unaudited consolidated interim financial
statements, to normal recurring adjustments; (b) have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied
(except as otherwise indicated therein); (c) set forth as of the respective
dates indicated adequate reserves for loan losses and other contingencies;
and (d) are based upon the books and records of GBB and its Subsidiaries.  
5.4. Reports and Filings. Since January 1, 1998, GBB and each of the 
------------------- Banks have filed all reports, returns, registrations and
statements (collectively, "GBB Filings"), together with any amendments
required to be made with respect thereto, that were required to be filed with
(a) the SEC, (b) the FRB, (c) the DFI, (d) the FDIC, (e) the OCC and (f) any
other applicable Governmental Entity, including taxing authorities, except
where the failure to file such reports, returns, registrations or statements
has not had and is not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on GBB. No administrative actions have been taken or threatened or orders
issued in connection with such GBB Filings. As of their respective dates,
each of such GBB Filings (y) complied in all material respects with all laws
and regulations enforced or promulgated by the Governmental Entity with which
it was filed (or was amended so as to be in such compliance promptly
following discovery of any such noncompliance); and (z) did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Any financial
statement contained in any of such GBB Filings that was intended to present
the financial position of GBB on a consolidated basis fairly presented the
financial position of GBB on a consolidated basis and was prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or banking
regulations consistently applied, except as stated therein, during the
periods involved.   5.5. Authority. The execution and delivery by GBB of
this Agreement and  --------- the Agreement of Merger, and, subject to the
approval of the shareholders of GBB of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of GBB. This Agreement is, and the Agreement of Merger
will be, upon due execution and delivery by the respective parties hereto,
valid and binding obligations of GBB enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, liquidation, receivership, conservatorship, insolvency,
moratorium or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally
and by general equitable principles. Neither the execution and delivery by
GBB of this Agreement or the Agreement of Merger, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein or therein, nor compliance by GBB with any
of the provisions hereof or thereof, will: (a) conflict with or result in
a breach of any provision of its Articles of Incorporation, as amended,
or Bylaws, as amended; (b) constitute a breach of or result in a default (or
give rise to any rights of termination, cancellation or acceleration, or any
right to acquire any securities or assets) under any of the terms, conditions
or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, franchise, license,
permit, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which GBB or any
subsidiary of GBB is a party, or by which GBB or any subsidiary of GBB or any
of its properties or assets is bound; (c) result in the creation or
imposition of any Encumbrance on any of the respective properties or assets
of GBB or any subsidiary; or (d) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree,
statute, rule or regulation applicable  34   to GBB or any subsidiary of
GBB or any of its respective properties or assets. No consent of, approval
of, notice to or filing with any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over
any aspect of the business or assets of GBB or any of its Subsidiaries, and
no consent of, approval of or notice to any other Person, is required in
connection with the execution and delivery by GBB of this Agreement or the
Agreement of Merger, or the consummation by GBB of the Merger or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except (i) such approvals as may
be required by the FRB; (ii) the filing of the Joint Proxy Statement
and Prospectus and Registration Statement on Form S-4 with the SEC and the
issuance by the SEC of an order declaring the Registration Statement on Form
S-4 effective; (iii) the approval of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby by the shareholders of GBB; (iv) the filing
of the Agreement of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
California; and (v) such approvals as may be required to approve for
inclusion on the Nasdaq National Market System of the GBB Stock to be issued
in the Merger.   5.6 Insurance. Each of GBB and the Banks has policies of
insurance and  --------- bonds with respect to its assets and business
against such casualties and contingencies and in such amounts, types and
forms as are customarily appropriate for its business, operations, properties
and assets. All such insurance policies and bonds are in full force and
effect. No insurer under any such policy or bond has canceled or indicated an
intention to cancel or not to renew any such policy or bond or generally
disclaimed liability thereunder. Neither GBB nor the Banks is in default
under any such policy or bond and all material claims thereunder have been
filed in a timely fashion.   5.7 Subsidiaries. As of the date of this
Agreement, GBB owns 100% of  ------------ the outstanding stock of each of
the Banks, Matsco Lease Finance, Inc. II, Matsco Lease Finance, Inc. III,
Pacific Business Funding Corporation, Peninsula Real Estate Corporation and
GBBK Corp. As of the date of this Agreement, and except for its investments
in the entities listed in the preceding sentence, GBB Capital I, GBB Capital
II, GBB Capital III, GBB Capital IV and GBB Capital V, GBB does not own,
directly or indirectly (except as a pledgee pursuant to loans or upon
acquisition in satisfaction of debt previously contracted), the outstanding
stock or equity or other voting interest in any other Person.   5.8
Litigation. There is no private or governmental suit, claim, action 
---------- or proceeding pending, nor to GBB\'s knowledge threatened, against
GBB or any of the Banks or against any of their respective directors,
officers or employees relating to the performance of their duties in such
capacities or against or affecting any properties of GBB or the Banks which,
if adversely determined, would have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on GBB. Also, there are no material judgments,
decrees, stipulations or orders against GBB or the Banks or enjoining their
respective directors, officers or employees in respect of, or the effect of
which is to prohibit, any business practice or the acquisition of any
property or the conduct of business in any area.   5.9 Taxes.  -----  (a)
(i) All Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of GBB or the Banks
or the Affiliated Group(s) of which any of them is or was a member, have been
duly and timely filed with the appropriate taxing authorities in
all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are  35   required to be
filed (after giving effect to any valid extensions of time in which to make
such filings), and all such Tax Returns were true, complete and correct in
all material respects; (ii) all Taxes due and payable by or on behalf of GBB
or the Banks, either directly, as part of an Affiliated Group Tax Return, or
otherwise, have been fully and timely paid, except to the extent
adequately reserved therefor in accordance with GAAP and/or applicable
regulatory accounting principles or banking regulations consistently applied
on the GBB balance sheet, and adequate reserves or accruals for Taxes have
been provided in the GBB balance sheet with respect to any period through the
date thereof for which Tax Returns have not yet been filed or for which Taxes
are not yet due and owing; and (iii) no agreement, waiver or other document
or arrangement extending or having the effect of extending the period for
assessment or collection of Taxes (including, but not limited to, any
applicable statute of limitation) has been executed or filed with any taxing
authority by or on behalf of GBB, the Banks or any of their Subsidiaries, or
any Affiliated Group(s) of which any of them is or was a member.   (b) GBB
and the Banks have complied in all material respects with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes
and have duly and timely withheld from employee salaries, wages and other
compensation and have paid over to the appropriate taxing authorities
all amounts required to be so withheld and paid over for all periods under
all applicable laws.   (c) No written claim has been made by a taxing
authority in a jurisdiction where GBB or the Banks do not file an income or
franchise Tax Return such that GBB or the Banks are or may be subject to
taxation by that jurisdiction.   (d) (i) All deficiencies asserted or
assessments made as a result of any examinations by any taxing authority of
the Tax Returns of or covering or including GBB or the Banks have been fully
paid, and, to the best of GBB\'s knowledge, there are no other audits or
investigations by any taxing authority in progress, nor have GBB or the Banks
received any written notice from any taxing authority that it intends to
conduct such an audit or investigation; (ii) no requests for a ruling or a
determination letter are pending with any taxing authority; and (iii) no
issue has been raised in writing by any taxing authority in any current or
prior examination which, by application of the same or similar principles,
could reasonably be expected to result in a proposed deficiency against GBB
or the Banks for any subsequent taxable period that could be material.  
(e) There are no liens as a result of any due and unpaid Taxes upon any
of the assets of GBB or the Banks.   (f) GBB agrees, and agrees to cause
the Banks, to cooperate with tax counsel in furnishing reasonable and
customary written tax representations to tax counsel for purposes of
supporting tax counsel\'s opinion that the Merger qualifies as a 368
Reorganization as contemplated by Section 10.6. GBB acknowledges that its and
the Banks\' inability or unwillingness to provide such reasonable and
customary written representations could preclude tax counsel from rendering
such opinion, with consequences specified elsewhere herein.  36    5.10
Compliance with Laws and Regulations. Neither GBB nor the Banks is 
------------------------------------ in default under or in breach or
violation of (i) any provision its Articles of Incorporation or Association,
as amended, or Bylaws, as amended, or (ii) any law, ordinance, rule or
regulation promulgated by any Governmental Entity, except, with respect to
this clause (ii), for such violations as would not have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on GBB.   5.11 Performance of
Obligations. Each of GBB and the Banks has performed 
-------------------------- in all material respects all of the obligations
required to be performed by it to date and is not in default under or in
breach of any term or provision of any material contract included in the GBB
Filings to which it is a party, is subject or is otherwise bound, and no
event has occurred that, with the giving of notice or the passage of time or
both, would constitute such default or breach, where such default or breach
would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
GBB. Except for loans and leases made by GBB or the Banks in the ordinary
course of business, to GBB\'s knowledge, no party with whom GBB or the Banks
has an agreement that is of material importance to the business of GBB on a
consolidated basis is in default thereunder.   5.12 Brokers and Finders.
Except for the obligation to Sandler O\'Neill and 
------------------- Partners, L.P., GBB is not a party to or obligated under
any agreement with any broker or finder relating to the transactions
contemplated hereby, and neither the execution of this Agreement nor the
consummation of the transactions provided for herein will result in any
liability to any broker or finder.   5.13 Certain Material Changes. Except
as specifically required,  ------------------------ permitted or effected by
this Agreement or as disclosed in the GBB Filings, since March 31, 2001,
there has not been, occurred or arisen any of the following (whether or not
in the ordinary course of business unless otherwise indicated):   (a) any
change in any of the assets, liabilities, permits, methods of accounting or
accounting practices, business, or manner or conducting business, of GBB or
its Subsidiaries or any other event or development that has had or
may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GBB;   (b)
any damage, destruction or other casualty loss (whether or not covered by
insurance) that has had or may reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on GBB;   (c) any amendment, modification or termination of
any existing, or entry into any new, material contract or permit that has had
or may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GBB;
or   (d) any disposition by GBB or any of its Subsidiaries of an asset
the lack of which has had or may reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on GBB.   5.14 Licenses and Permits. GBB and each subsidiary
of GBB have all  -------------------- material licenses and permits that are
necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses, and such licenses
are in full force and effect, except for any failure to be in full force and
effect that would  37   not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on GBB. The properties, assets, operations and
businesses of GBB and each subsidiary of GBB are and have been maintained and
conducted, in all material respects, in compliance with all applicable
licenses and permits. The properties and operations of GBB and each
subsidiary of GBB are and have been maintained and conducted, in all material
respects, in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.   5.15
Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither GBB nor the Banks has any 
----------------------- liabilities or obligations, either accrued or
contingent, that are material to GBB and that have not been: (a) reflected or
disclosed in the Financial Statements of GBB; (b) incurred subsequent to
December 31, 2000 in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices; or (c) disclosed in the GBB Disclosure Letter. GBB does not know
of any basis for the assertion against it or the Banks of any liability,
obligation or claim (including, without limitation, that of any regulatory
authority) that is likely to result in or cause a Material Adverse Effect on
GBB that is not fairly reflected in the Financial Statements of GBB or
otherwise disclosed in this Agreement.   5.16 Employee Benefit Plans.  
(a) All material Employee Plans of which GBB or any of its ERISA
Affiliates is a sponsor or participating employer or as to which GBB or any
of its ERISA Affiliates makes contributions or is required to make
contributions are reflected in the GBB Filings. Each Employee Plan which is
intended to be qualified in form and operation under Section 401(a) of the
Code is so qualified and the associated trust for each such Employee Plan is
exempt from tax under Section 501(a) of the Code. No event has occurred that
will subject such Employee Plans to a material amount of tax under Section
511 of the Code. All amendments required to bring each Employee Plan into
substantial conformity with all of the applicable provisions of ERISA, the
Code and all other applicable laws have been made, except to the extent that
such amendments may be retroactively adopted under Section 401(b) of the Code
and the regulations issued thereunder. All Employee Plans were in effect
prior to January 1, 2001, and there has been no material amendment thereof
(other than amendments required to comply with applicable law) or increase in
the cost thereof or benefits thereunder since January 1, 2001.  38   
(b) With respect to all Employee Plans and Benefit Arrangements, GBB and its
ERISA Affiliates are in compliance (other than noncompliance the cost
or liability for which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GBB) with
the requirements prescribed by any and all statutes, governmental or court
orders, or governmental rules or regulations currently in effect, including
but not limited to ERISA and the Code, applicable to such plans or
arrangements. All government reports and filings required by law have been
properly and timely filed and all information required to be distributed to
participants or beneficiaries has been distributed with respect to each
Employee Plan. GBB and its ERISA Affiliates have performed all of their
obligations under all such Employee Plans and Benefit Arrangements in all
material aspects. There is no pending or, to GBB\'s knowledge, threatened
legal action, proceeding or investigation against or involving any Employee
Plan or Benefit Arrangement. No condition exists that could constitute
grounds for the termination of any Employee Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA.
No "prohibited transaction," as defined in Section 406 of ERISA and Section
4975 of the Code (other than any such transaction the cost or liability for
which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GBB), has occurred with
respect to any Employee Plan, or any other employee benefit plan maintained
by GBB or any of its ERISA Affiliates which is covered by Title I of ERISA,
which could subject any person (other than a person for whom GBB is not
directly or indirectly responsible) to liability under Title I of ERISA or to
the imposition of tax under Section 4975 of the Code. No Employee Plan
subject to Part III of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA or Section 412 of the
Code, or both, has incurred any "accumulated funding deficiency," as defined
in Section 412 of the Code, whether or not waived, nor has GBB failed to make
any contribution or pay any amount due and owing as required by the terms of
any Employee Plan or Benefit Arrangement. No "reportable event" as defined in
ERISA has occurred with respect to any of the Employee Plans. Neither GBB nor
any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred nor expects to incur, directly or
indirectly, any liability under Title IV of ERISA arising in connection with
the termination of, or a complete or partial withdrawal from, any plan
covered or previously covered by Title IV of ERISA which could constitute a
liability of SJNB or of any of its Affiliates (including GBB and the Banks)
at or after the Effective Time of the Merger.   (c) Neither GBB nor any of
its ERISA Affiliates has provided or is required to provide security to any
Employee Plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code. Each of the
Employee Plans which is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a)
of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS and
neither GBB nor the Banks knows of any fact which reasonably could be
expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any such Employee
Plan. All contributions required to be made to each of the Employee Plans
under the terms of the Employee Plan, ERISA, the Code or any other applicable
laws have been timely made. The Financial Statements of GBB properly reflect
all amounts required to be accrued as liabilities to date under each of the
Employee Plans. To GBB\'s knowledge, the fair market value of the assets of
each Employee Plan and Benefit Arrangement that is funded, or required to be
funded under the terms of the Employee Plan or Benefit Arrangement, ERISA,
the Code or any other applicable law, equals or exceeds the liabilities,
including the present value of benefit obligations, of such Employee Plan or
Benefit Arrangement.  39    5.17 Corporate Records. The minute books of
GBB and each of its  ----------------- Subsidiaries reflect all material
actions taken to this date by its shareholders, boards of directors and
committees.   5.18. Accounting Records. GBB and its Subsidiaries maintain
accounting  ------------------ records which fairly and accurately reflect,
in all material respects, their transactions and accounting controls exist
sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that such transactions are, in
all material respects, (i) executed in accordance with their management\'s
general or specific authorization, and (ii) recorded as necessary to permit
the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles. Such records, to the extent they contain important
information pertaining to GBB and its Subsidiaries which is not easily and
readily available elsewhere, have been duplicated, and such duplicates are
stored safely and securely.   5.19. Facts Affecting Regulatory Approvals. To
the best knowledge of  ------------------------------------ GBB, there is no
fact, event or condition applicable to GBB or any of its Subsidiaries which
will, or reasonably could be expected to, adversely affect the likelihood of
securing the requisite approvals or consents of any Governmental Entity to
the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   5.20
Pooling; Tax Treatment.  ----------------------   (a) GBB intends that the
Merger be accounted for as a "pooling-of- interests" as described in Section
4.29.   (b) Neither GBB nor any of its Affiliates has taken or agreed to
take any action or is aware of any fact or circumstance that would prevent
the Merger from qualifying (i) for "pooling-of-interests" accounting
treatment as described in Section 4.29 or (ii) as a 368 Reorganization.  
5.21 Community Reinvestment Act. Each of the Banks has received a 
-------------------------- rating of at least "satisfactory" in its most
recent examination or interim review with respect to the Community
Reinvestment Act. None of the Banks has been advised of any supervisory
concerns regarding any of the Banks\' compliance with the Community
Reinvestment Act.   5.22 Disclosure Documents and Applications. None of the
information  ------------------------------------- supplied or to be
supplied by or on behalf of GBB or any of its Subsidiaries ("GBB Supplied
Information") for inclusion in (a) the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and
the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus to be mailed to the shareholders of
GBB and SJNB in connection with obtaining the approval of the shareholders of
GBB and SJNB of this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, and (b) any other documents to be filed with the SEC,
the FRB or any other Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement, will, at the respective times such documents
are filed or become effective, or with respect to the Joint Proxy Statement
and Prospectus when mailed, contain any untrue statement of a material fact,
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.  40    5.23 Nasdaq Listing. As of
the date hereof, GBB Stock is listed on the  -------------- Nasdaq National
Market System.   5.24. Accuracy and Currentness of Information Furnished.
The  ------------------------------------------------- representations and
warranties made by GBB hereby or in the GBB Disclosure Letter do not contain
any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact
which is necessary under the circumstances under which they were made to
prevent the statements contained herein or in such schedules from
being misleading.   5.25 Opinion of Financial Advisor. GBB has received the
opinion of  ---------------------------- Sandler O\'Neill and Partners, L.P.
to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion, the consideration to be
paid by GBB in the Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to GBB,
and, as of the date hereof, such opinion has not been withdrawn.   5.26
Pooling Letter. GBB has received a letter from PwC dated as of 
-------------- June 25, 2001 and addressed to GBB, a copy of which has been
delivered to SJNB, stating that PwC concurs with GBB management\'s conclusion
that, as of June 25, 2001, no conditions exist that would preclude GBB\'s
accounting for the Merger as a pooling-of-interests as described in Section
4.29, and such letter has not been withdrawn or modified in any material
respect as of the date hereof.    ARTICLE 6.   COVENANTS OF SJNB 
------------------  PENDING EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER 
------------------------------------   SJNB covenants and agrees with GBB as
follows:   6.1. Limitation on Conduct Prior to Effective Time of the
Merger.  ----------------------------------------------------------- Between
the date hereof and the Effective Time of the Merger, except as contemplated
by this Agreement and subject to requirements of law and regulation, SJNB
agrees to conduct its business (and to cause the SJNB Subsidiaries to conduct
their respective businesses) in the ordinary course in substantially the
manner heretofore conducted and in accordance with sound banking practices,
and SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries shall not, without the prior written
consent of GBB, which consent GBB shall not unreasonably withhold or
delay:   (a) issue, sell or grant any SJNB Stock (except pursuant to
the exercise of SJNB Stock Options outstanding as of the date hereof), any
other securities (including long term debt) of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries,
or any rights, stock appreciation rights, options or securities to acquire
any SJNB Stock, or any other securities (including long term debt) of
SJNB  41   or the SJNB Subsidiaries, other than SJNB Stock Options to
newly hired employees of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries consistent with past
practice;   (b) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or make any
other distribution upon or split, combine or reclassify any shares of capital
stock or other securities of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries, provided,
however, that subject to Section 6.10, SJNB may pay to its shareholders its
regular cash dividend in amounts and in a manner consistent with past
practices;   (c) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any capital stock or
other securities of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or any rights, options,
or securities to acquire any capital stock or other securities of SJNB or the
SJNB Subsidiaries;   (d) except as may be required to effect the
transactions contemplated herein, amend its Articles of Incorporation or
Association, as the case may be, or Bylaws;   (e) grant any general or
uniform increase in the rate of pay of employees or employee benefits;  
(f) grant any increase in salary, incentive compensation or employee benefits
or pay any bonus to any Person or voluntarily accelerate the vesting of any
employee benefits, other than payments of bonuses consistent with
past practice pursuant to plans in effect on the date hereof and disclosed in
the SJNB Disclosure Letter and increases in salary consistent with past
practice to Persons eligible for such salary increases on the anniversary
dates of their employment, provided that the percentage increase in salaries
for all such Persons shall not exceed 4% on average;   (g) make any capital
expenditure or commitments with respect thereto in excess of $50,000 in the
aggregate, except for ordinary repairs, renewals and replacements;   (h)
compromise or otherwise settle or adjust any assertion or claim of a
deficiency in taxes (or interest thereon or penalties in
connection therewith), extend the statute of limitations with any tax
authority or file any pleading in court in any tax litigation or any appeal
from an asserted deficiency, or file or amend any federal, foreign, state or
local tax return, or make any tax election that is inconsistent with SJNB\'s
current tax election practices;   (i) grant or commit to grant any
extension of credit if such extension of credit, together with all other
credit then outstanding to the same Person and all Affiliated Persons, would
exceed $2,000,000, except that the grant, renewal or commitment to grant or
renew any Classified Credits (as defined herein) shall be subject to GBB\'s
prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed
(consent shall be deemed granted if within two Business Days of written
notice, together with all relevant documents, delivered to GBB\'s Chief
Credit Officer, written notice of objection is not received by SJNB);   (j)
change its tax or accounting policies and procedures or any method or period
of accounting unless required by generally accepted accounting principles or
a Governmental Entity;  42    (k) grant or commit to grant any extension
of credit or amend the terms of any such credit outstanding on the date
hereof to any executive officer, director or holder of 10% or more of the
outstanding SJNB Stock, or any Affiliate of such Person;   (l) close any
offices at which business is conducted or open any new offices;   (m) adopt
or enter into any new employment agreement or other employee benefit plan or
arrangement or amend or modify any employment agreement or employee benefit
plan or arrangement of any such type except for such amendments as are
required by law;   (n) initiate, solicit or encourage (including by way of
furnishing information or assistance), or take any other action to
facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal which constitutes, or
may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Competing Transaction (as such
term is defined below), or negotiate with any person in furtherance of such
inquiries or to obtain a Competing Transaction, or agree to or endorse any
Competing Transaction, or authorize any of its or the SJNB Subsidiaries\'
officers, directors or employees or any investment banker, financial advisor,
attorney, accountant or any other representative retained by it or any of its
Affiliates (the "Representatives") to take any such action, and SJNB will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Representatives not to take
any such action, and SJNB shall promptly notify GBB (orally and in writing)
of all of the relevant details relating to all inquiries and proposals which
it may receive relating to any of such matters. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Competing Transaction" shall mean any of the following involving
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries: any merger, consolidation, share exchange or
other business combination; a sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge,
transfer or other disposition of assets of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries
representing 25% or more of the consolidated assets of SJNB; a sale of shares
of capital stock (or securities convertible or exchangeable into or otherwise
evidencing, or any agreement or instrument evidencing, the right to acquire
capital stock), representing 25% or more of the voting power of SJNB or the
SJNB Subsidiaries; a tender offer or exchange offer for at least 25% of the
outstanding shares of SJNB; or a public announcement of an unsolicited bona
fide proposal, plan, or intention to do any of the foregoing. SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any
existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties (other than
GBB) conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing. SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries shall take the necessary steps to inform promptly the
appropriate individuals or entities referred to above of the obligations
undertaken in this Section. SJNB shall notify GBB within one Business Day of
the receipt of any such inquiries, proposals or offers, the request for any
such information, or the initiation or continuation of any such negotiations
or discussions with SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries. SJNB shall promptly
request each other person, other than GBB, that has, since April 5, 2001,
executed a confidentiality agreement in connection with its consideration of
entering into a business combination with SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries
to return all confidential information heretofore furnished to such person by
or on behalf of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries and enforce any such
confidentiality agreements. Notwithstanding any other provision in this
Section 6.1(n), nothing in this Agreement shall prevent SJNB from (i)
engaging in any discussions or negotiations with, or providing any
information to, any Person in response to an unsolicited bona fide written
proposal concerning a Competing Transaction by any such Person or (ii)
recommending such an  43   unsolicited bona fide written proposal
concerning a Competing Transaction to the holders of SJNB Stock if and only
if, prior to participating in any of the foregoing, (A) the Board of
Directors of SJNB concludes in good faith that the Competing Transaction, if
consummated, would result, or has a reasonable likelihood of resulting, in a
transaction more favorable to holders of SJNB Stock than the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement (any such more favorable Competing Transaction
being referred to in this Agreement as a "Superior Proposal"); (B) the Board
of Directors of SJNB determines in good faith (following consultation with
outside counsel) that failure to do so is, or would be reasonably likely to
be, inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law; and (C) at
least forty-eight (48) hours prior to providing any information or data to
any person or entering into discussions or negotiations with any Person, the
Board of Directors of SJNB notifies GBB of such inquiries, proposals or
offers received by, any such information requested from, or any such
discussions or negotiations sought to be initiated or continued with SJNB and
the SJNB Subsidiaries. Nothing in this Section 6.1(n) shall prohibit SJNB
or its Board of Directors from taking and disclosing to the SJNB shareholders
a position with respect to a Competing Transaction to the extent required
under the Exchange Act or from making such disclosure to the SJNB
shareholders which, after consultation with outside counsel, the Board
determines is otherwise required under applicable law;   (o) change any
basic policies and practices with respect to liquidity management and cash
flow planning, marketing, deposit origination, lending, budgeting, profit and
tax planning, personnel practices or any other material aspect of SJNB\'s or
the SJNB Subsidiaries\' business or operations, except such changes as may be
required in the opinion of SJNB\'s or the SJNB Subsidiaries\' management to
respond to economic or market conditions or as may be required by any
Governmental Entity;   (p) grant any Person a power of attorney or similar
authority;   (q) make any investment by purchase of stock or securities
(including an Investment Security), contributions to capital, property
transfers or otherwise in any other Person, except for federal funds,
obligations of the United States Treasury or an agency of the United States
Government the obligations of which are entitled to or implied to have the
full faith and credit of the United States government and which have an
original maturity not in excess of one year, bank qualified investment grade
municipal bonds, in any case, in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices and which are not designated as trading (consent shall be
deemed granted if within three Business Days of written notice together with
all relevant documents delivered to GBB\'s Chief Financial Officer or
Controller, written notice of objection is not received by SJNB);   (r)
amend or modify any Scheduled Contract or enter into any agreement or
contract that would be a Scheduled Contract under Section 4.16;   (s) sell,
transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any assets or release or
waive any claim, except in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practices;  44    (t) take any action which would or is
reasonably likely to (i) adversely affect the ability of GBB or SJNB to
obtain any necessary approval of any Governmental Entity required for the
transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) adversely affect SJNB\'s ability to
perform its covenants and agreements under this Agreement; or (iii) result in
any of the conditions to the performance of GBB\'s or SJNB\'s obligations
hereunder, as set forth in Articles 9, 10 or 11 herein not being
satisfied;   (u) make any special or extraordinary distributions to any
Person;   (v) reclassify any Investment Security from held-to-maturity
or available for sale to trading, unless required by changes in GAAP or
regulatory accounting requirements applicable to banks and their holding
companies generally;   (w) sell any security other than in the ordinary
course of business, or engage in gains trading;   (x) take title to any
real property without conducting prior thereto an environmental
investigation, which investigation shall disclose the absence of any
suspected environmental contamination;   (y) take or cause to be taken any
action which would disqualify the Merger as a 368 Reorganization or prevent
GBB from accounting for the business combination to be effected by the Merger
as a pooling-of-interests;   (z) settle any material claim, action or
proceeding involving any material liability for monetary damages or enter
into any settlement agreement containing material obligations;   (aa) make,
acquire a participation in, or reacquire an interest in a participation sold
of, any loan that is not in compliance with its normal credit underwriting
standards, policies and procedures as in effect on December 31, 2000; or
renew, extend the maturity of, or alter any of the material terms of any such
loan for a period of greater than six months;   (bb) incur any indebtedness
for borrowed money or assume, guaranty, endorse or otherwise as an
accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other person,
except for (i) in connection with banking transactions with banking customers
in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) short-term borrowings made at
prevailing market rates and terms; or   (cc) agree or make any commitment to
take any actions prohibited by this Section 6.1.   6.2 Affirmative Conduct
Prior to Effective Time of the Merger. Between 
--------------------------------------------------------- the date hereof and
the Effective Time of the Merger, SJNB shall (and shall cause the SJNB
Subsidiaries to):  45    (a) use its commercially reasonable efforts
consistent with this Agreement to maintain and preserve intact its present
business organization and to maintain and preserve its relationships and
goodwill with account holders, borrowers, employees and others having
business relationships with SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries;   (b) use its
commercially reasonable efforts to keep in full force and effect all of the
existing material permits and licenses of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries;  
(c) use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain insurance coverage at
least equal to that now in effect on all properties which it owns or leases
and on its business operations;   (d) perform its material contractual
obligations and not become in material default on any such obligations;  
(e) duly observe and conform in all material respects to all
lawful requirements applicable to its business;   (f) maintain its assets
and properties in good condition and repair, normal wear and tear
excepted;   (g) promptly upon learning of such information, advise GBB in
writing of any event or any other transaction within its knowledge whereby
any Person or Related Group of Persons acquires, directly or indirectly,
record or beneficial ownership or control (as defined in Rule 13d-3
promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act) of 5% or more of the
outstanding SJNB Stock prior to the record date fixed for the SJNB
Shareholders\' Meeting or any adjourned meeting thereof to approve this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein;   (h) promptly notify
GBB regarding receipt from any tax authority of any notification of the
commencement of an audit, any request to extend the statute of limitations,
any statutory notice of deficiency, any revenue agent\'s report, any notice
of proposed assessment, or any other similar notification of potential
adjustments to the tax liabilities of SJNB, or any actual or threatened
collection enforcement activity by any tax authority with respect to tax
liabilities of SJNB;   (i) make available to GBB monthly unaudited balance
sheets and income statements of SJNB within 25 days after the close of each
calendar month;   (j) not later than the 30th day of each calendar month,
amend or supplement the SJNB Disclosure Letter and the SJNB Lists prepared
and delivered pursuant to Article 4 to ensure that the information set forth
in the SJNB Disclosure Letter and the SJNB Lists accurately reflects the
then-current status of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries;   (k) use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any third party consent with
respect to any contract, agreement, lease, license, arrangement, permit or
release that is material to the business of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries on
a consolidated basis or that is  46   contemplated in this Agreement as
required in connection with the Merger; provided, however, that no such third
party consent need be obtained if a -------- ------- material amount of
monetary consideration is required;   (l) maintain an allowance for loan and
lease losses consistent with practices and methodology as in effect on the
date of the execution of this Agreement; and   (m) furnish to Manatt,
Phelps and Phillips, LLP promptly upon its written request written
representations and certificates as deemed reasonably necessary or
appropriate for purposes of enabling Manatt, Phelps and Phillips, LLP to render
the tax opinion referred to in Section 11.16 hereof.   6.3 Access to
Information .  ---------------------   (a) SJNB will afford, upon
reasonable notice, to GBB and its representatives, counsel, accountants,
agents and employees reasonable access during normal business hours to all of
their business, operations, properties, books, files and records and will do
everything reasonably necessary to enable GBB and its representatives,
counsel, accountants, agents and employees to make a complete examination of
the financial statements, business, assets and properties of SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries and the condition thereof and to update such examination at
such intervals as GBB shall deem appropriate. Such examination shall be
conducted in cooperation with the officers of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries
and in such a manner as to minimize any disruption of, or interference with,
the normal business operations of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries. Upon the
request of GBB, SJNB will request KPMG to provide reasonable access to
representatives of PwC working on behalf of GBB to auditors\' work papers
with respect to the business and properties of SJNB and the SJNB
Subsidiaries, including tax accrual work papers prepared for SJNB and the
SJNB Subsidiaries during the preceding 60 months, other than (a)
books, records and documents covered by the attorney-client privilege, or
that are attorneys\' work product, and (b) books, records and documents that
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries are legally obligated to keep confidential. No
examination or review conducted under this section shall constitute a waiver
or relinquishment on the part of GBB of the right to rely upon the
representations and warranties made by SJNB herein; provided, that GBB shall
disclose to SJNB any fact or circumstance it may discover which GBB believes
renders any representation or warranty made by SJNB hereunder incorrect in
any respect. GBB covenants and agrees that it, its Subsidiaries, and their
respective representatives, counsel, accountants, agents and employees will
hold in strict confidence all documents and information concerning SJNB and
the SJNB Subsidiaries so obtained from any of them (except to the extent that
such documents or information are a matter of public record or require
disclosure in the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus or any of the public
information of any applications required to be filed with any Governmental
Entity to obtain the approvals and consents required to effect the
transactions contemplated hereby), and if the transactions
contemplated herein are not consummated, such confidence shall be maintained
and all such documents shall be returned to SJNB.   (b) A representative of
GBB, selected by GBB in its sole discretion, shall be authorized and
permitted to review each loan, lease, or other credit funded or renewed by
SJNB  47   or the SJNB Subsidiaries after the date hereof, and all
information associated with such loan, lease or other credit, such review to
take place, if possible, on SJNB\'s premises.   (c) A representative of
GBB, selected by GBB in its sole discretion, shall be permitted by SJNB and
the SJNB Subsidiaries to attend all regular and special Board of Directors
and committee meetings of SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries from the date hereof
until the Effective Time of the Merger; provided, however, that the
attendance of such representative shall not be permitted (i) at any meeting,
or portion thereof, for the sole purpose of discussing the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the obligations of SJNB under this
Agreement or (ii) during the course of any meeting upon the determination of
the Board of Directors (following consultation with outside counsel) that
such attendance would be inappropriate or in violation of the directors\'
fiduciary duties.   6.4 Filings. SJNB agrees that through the Effective Time
of the Merger,  ------- each of SJNB\'s or the SJNB Subsidiary\'s reports,
registrations, statements and other filings required to be filed with any
applicable Governmental Entity will comply in all material respects with all
the applicable statutes, rules and regulations enforced or promulgated by the
Governmental Entity with which it will be filed and none will contain any
untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Any financial
statement contained in any such report, registration, statement or other
filing that is intended to present the financial position of the entity to
which it relates will fairly present the financial position of such entity
and will be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles or applicable banking regulations consistently applied during the
periods involved.   6.5 Notices; Reports. SJNB will promptly notify GBB of
any event of  ---------------- which SJNB obtains knowledge which has had or
may have a Material Adverse Effect on SJNB, or in the event that SJNB
determines that it is unable to fulfill any of the conditions to the
performance of GBB\'s obligations hereunder, as set forth in Articles 9 or 11
herein, and SJNB will furnish GBB (i) as soon as available, and in any event
within one Business Day after it is mailed or delivered to the Board of
Directors of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or committees thereof, any report
by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries for submission to the Board of Directors of
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or committees thereof, provided, however, that
SJNB need not furnish to GBB communications of SJNB\'s legal counsel
regarding SJNB\'s rights and obligations under this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby, or books, records and documents covered by
confidentiality agreements or the attorney-client privilege, or which are
attorneys\' work product, (ii) as soon as available, all proxy statements,
information statements, financial statements, reports, letters and
communications sent by SJNB to its shareholders or other security
holders, and all reports filed by SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries with the SEC,
FRB or the OCC, and (iii) such other existing reports as GBB may reasonably
request relating to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries.   6.6 SJNB
Shareholders\' Meeting. Subject to the provisions of Section 
-------------------------- 6.1(n) and 13.1, as promptly as practicable after
the execution of this Agreement, SJNB will take action necessary in
accordance with applicable law and its Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
to convene a meeting of its shareholders to consider and vote upon this
Agreement and the  48   transactions contemplated hereby so as to permit
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Board of
Directors of SJNB shall recommend that its shareholders approve this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that
the Board of Directors may withdraw, modify or  -------- ------- change its
recommendation to the shareholders if the Board determines in good faith,
following consultation with its outside counsel as to legal matters,
that failure to do so would be reasonably likely to constitute or result in a
breach of its fiduciary duties. Subject to the proviso of the immediately
preceding sentence, SJNB will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
the requisite affirmative vote of the holders of the outstanding SJNB Stock
for the approval of this Agreement and the Merger.   6.7 Certain Loans and
Other Extensions of Credit. SJNB will promptly 
-------------------------------------------- inform GBB of the amounts and
categories of any loans, leases or other extensions of credit that have been
classified by any bank regulatory authority (and so advised to SJNB by such
authority) or by any unit of SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries or by any other
Person as "Criticized," "Specially Mentioned," "Substandard," "Doubtful,"
"Loss" or any comparable classification ("Classified Credits"). SJNB will
furnish GBB, as soon as practicable, and in any event within 20 days after
the end of each calendar month, schedules including the following: (a)
Classified Credits (including with respect to each credit its classification
category and the originating unit); (b) nonaccrual credits (including the
originating unit); (c) accrual exception credits that are delinquent 90 or
more days and have not been placed on nonaccrual status (including its
originating unit); (d) credits delinquent as to payment of principal or
interest (including its originating unit), including an aging into current-
to-29, 30-59, 60-89, and 90+ day categories; (e) participating loans
and leases, stating, with respect to each, whether it is purchased or sold
and the originating unit; (f) loans or leases (including any commitments) by
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries to any SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries director,
officer at or above the senior vice president level, or shareholder holding
10% or more of the capital stock of SJNB, including with respect to each such
loan or lease the identity and, to the knowledge of SJNB, the relation of the
borrower to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries, and the outstanding and undrawn
amounts; (g) letters of credit (including the originating unit); (h) loans or
leases wholly or partially charged off during the previous month (including
with respect to each loan or lease, the originating amount, the write-off
amount and its originating unit); and (i) other real estate or assets
acquired in satisfaction of debt.   6.8 Applications. Subject to Section
7.5, SJNB will promptly prepare or  ------------ cause to be prepared the
portions of the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus as it pertains to SJNB
or the SJNB Subsidiaries and any other applications necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby, and further agrees to provide any
information requested by GBB for the preparation of any applications
necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. SJNB shall
afford GBB a reasonable opportunity to review the portions of the Joint Proxy
Statement and Prospectus pertaining to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries and all
such applications and all amendments and supplements thereto before
the filing thereof. SJNB covenants and agrees that, with respect to the
information relating to SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries, the Joint Proxy
Statement and Prospectus will comply in all material respects with the
provisions of applicable law, and will not contain any untrue statement of
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. SJNB will use
its  49   commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all approvals or
consents of Governmental Entities necessary to effect the Merger and the
transactions contemplated herein.   6.9 Affiliate Agreements. Concurrently
with the execution of this  -------------------- Agreement, (a) SJNB shall
deliver to GBB a letter identifying all persons who are then "affiliates" of
SJNB for purposes of ASR 130 and 135 and Rule 145 under the Securities Act
and (b) SJNB shall advise the persons identified in such letter of the resale
restrictions imposed by applicable securities laws and shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from each person identified in such
letter a written agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B. SJNB shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
--------- obtain from any person who becomes an affiliate of SJNB after
SJNB\'s delivery of the letter referred to above, and on or prior to the date
of the SJNB Shareholders\' Meeting to approve this Agreement, a written
agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto as soon as
practicable  --------- after such person attains such status.   6.10
Coordination of Dividends. SJNB shall coordinate with GBB the 
------------------------- declaration of any dividends that may be allowed
pursuant to Section 6.1(b) hereof, and the record date and the payment dates
relating thereto, it being the intention of the parties that holders of SJNB
Stock shall not receive two dividends, or fail to receive one dividend, for
any applicable dividend period with respect to their shares of SJNB Stock and
any shares of GBB Stock any such holder will receive in exchange therefor in
the Merger.    ARTICLE 7.   COVENANTS OF GBB  ----------------- 
PENDING EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER 
------------------------------------   GBB covenants and agrees with SJNB as
follows:   7.1. Limitation on Conduct Prior to Effective Time of the
Merger.  ----------------------------------------------------------- Between
the date hereof and the Effective Time of the Merger, except as contemplated
by this Agreement and subject to requirements of law and regulation generally
applicable to bank holding companies and banks, each of GBB and
its Subsidiaries shall not, without the prior written consent of SJNB, which
consent SJNB shall not unreasonably withhold or delay:   (a) take any
action which would or is reasonably likely to (i) adversely affect the
ability of GBB to obtain any necessary approvals of any Governmental Entity
required for the transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) adversely affect
GBB\'s ability to perform its covenants and agreements under this Agreement;
or (iii) result in any of the conditions to the performance of GBB\'s or
SJNB\'s obligations hereunder, as set forth in Articles 9, 10 or 11 herein
not being satisfied;   (b) take or cause to be taken any action which would
disqualify the Merger as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368
of the Code or prevent GBB from accounting for the business combination to be
effected by the Merger as a pooling-of-interests;  50    (c) amend its
articles of incorporation in any respect which would materially and adversely
affect the rights and privileges attendant to the GBB Stock; or   (d) agree
or make any commitment to take any actions prohibited by this Section
7.1.   7.2. Affirmative Conduct of GBB and Subsidiaries Prior to Effective
Time of 
---------------------------------------------------------------------- the
Merger. Between the date hereof and the Effective Time of the Merger,
GBB ---------- shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to):   (a) duly
observe and conform in all material respects to all lawful requirements
applicable to the business of GBB or any subsidiary of GBB;   (b) use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any third party consent with
respect to any contract, agreement, lease, license, arrangement, permit or
release that is material to the business of GBB on a consolidated basis or
that is contemplated in this Agreement as required in connection with the
Merger;   (c) not later than the 20th day of each calendar month, amend
or supplement the GBB Lists prepared and delivered pursuant to Article 5 to
ensure that the information set forth in the GBB Lists accurately reflects
the then- current status of GBB and its Subsidiaries. GBB shall further amend
or supplement the GBB Disclosure Letter as of the Closing Date if necessary
to reflect any additional information that needs to be included in the
GBB Disclosure Letter; and   (d) furnish to Pillsbury Winthrop LLP promptly
upon its written request written representations and certificates as deemed
reasonably necessary or appropriate for purposes of enabling Pillsbury
Winthrop LLP to render the tax opinion referred to in Section 10.6   7.3.
Access to Information. Upon reasonable request by SJNB, GBB shall 
--------------------- (i) make its Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Administrative Officer/Chief Financial Officer, Chief Credit Officer and
Controller available to discuss with SJNB and its representatives GBB\'s
operations; and (ii) shall provide SJNB with written information which is (a)
similar to the written information that SJNB reviewed in connection with this
Agreement, and (b) related to GBB\'s business condition, operations and
prospects on a consolidated basis. No examination or review conducted under
this section shall constitute a waiver or relinquishment on the part of SJNB
of the right to rely upon the representations and warranties made by GBB
herein; provided, that SJNB shall disclose to GBB any fact or circumstance it
may discover which SJNB believes renders any representation or warranty made
by GBB hereunder incorrect in any respect. SJNB covenants and agrees that it
and its representatives, counsel, accountants, agents and employees will hold
in strict confidence all documents and information concerning GBB so obtained
(except to the extent that such documents or information are a matter of
public record or require disclosure in the Joint Proxy Statement and
Prospectus or any of the public information of any applications required to
be filed with any Governmental Entity to obtain the approvals and consents
required to effect the transactions contemplated hereby), and if the
transactions  51   contemplated herein are not consummated, such
confidence shall be maintained and all such documents shall be returned to
GBB.   7.4. Filings. GBB agrees that through the Effective Time of the
Merger,  ------- each of its reports, registrations, statements and other
filings required to be filed with any applicable Governmental Entity will
comply in all material respects with all the applicable statutes, rules and
regulations enforced or promulgated by the Governmental Entity with which it
will be filed and none will contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. Any financial statement contained in any such
report, registration, statement or other filing that is intended to present
the financial position of the entities or entity to which it relates will
fairly present the financial position of such entities or entity and will be
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or
applicable banking regulations consistently applied during the periods
involved.   7.5. Applications. GBB will, as promptly as practicable, prepare
and  ------------ file or cause to be prepared and filed (i) an application
for approval of the Merger with the FRB; (ii) in conjunction with SJNB, the
Registration Statement on Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement and
Prospectus as it pertains to GBB; and (iii) any other applications necessary
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. GBB shall afford SJNB a
reasonable opportunity to review the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus and
all such applications and all amendments and supplements thereto before the
filing thereof. GBB shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the
SEC declare the Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective as soon as
possible after it is filed with the SEC. GBB covenants and agrees that the
Registration Statement on Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement and
Prospectus and all applications to the appropriate regulatory agencies for
approval or consent to the Merger, with respect to information relating to
GBB or its Subsidiaries, will comply in all material respects with the
provisions of applicable law, and will not contain any untrue statement of
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. GBB will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all approvals or consents
of Governmental Entities necessary to effect the Merger.   7.6. Blue Sky.
GBB agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to have  -------- the
shares of GBB Stock to be issued in connection with the Merger qualified
or registered for offer and sale, to the extent required, under the
securities laws of each jurisdiction in which shareholders of SJNB
reside.   7.7. Notices; Reports. GBB will promptly notify SJNB of any event
of  ---------------- which GBB obtains knowledge which has had or may have a
material adverse affect on the financial condition, operations, business or
prospects of GBB on a consolidated basis or in the event that GBB determines
that it is unable to fulfill any of the conditions to the performance of
SJNB\'s obligations hereunder, as set forth in Articles 9 or 10 herein.  
7.8. Removal of Conditions. In the event of the imposition of a 
--------------------- condition to any approvals of Governmental Entities
which GBB deems to materially adversely affect it or to
be  52   materially burdensome, GBB shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain the removal of such condition.   7.9. Stock Options. 
-------------   (a) At and as of the Effective Time of the Merger, each SJNB
Stock Option that is outstanding and unexercised shall be assumed by GBB and
converted into an option to purchase such number of shares of GBB Stock at an
exercise price determined as provided below (and otherwise having the same
duration and other terms as the SJNB Stock Option pursuant to the SJNB Stock
Option Plan). Each SJNB Stock Option shall be exercisable for that number of
whole shares of GBB Stock equal to the product of (A) the number of shares of
SJNB Stock that were purchasable under such SJNB Stock Option immediately
prior to the Effective Time of the Merger multiplied by (B) the Conversion
Ratio, with such product rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares
of GBB Stock; and (ii) the per share exercise price for the shares of GBB
Stock issuable upon exercise of such SJNB Stock Option shall be equal to the
quotient determined by dividing (A) the exercise price per share of SJNB
Stock at which such SJNB Stock Option was exercisable immediately prior to
the Effective Time of the Merger by (B) the Conversion Ratio, with such
quotient rounded up to the nearest cent. After the Effective Time of the
Merger, GBB shall issue to each holder of an outstanding SJNB Stock Option a
document evidencing the assumption of such SJNB Stock Option by GBB pursuant
to this Section 7.9.   (b) GBB shall comply with the terms of the SJNB Stock
Option Plan and cause, to the extent required by, and subject to the
provisions of, such Plan and the Code, the SJNB Stock Options which qualify
as incentive stock options prior to the Effective Time of the Merger to
continue to qualify as incentive stock options of GBB after the Effective
Time of the Merger.   (c) At or prior to the Effective Time of the Merger,
GBB shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a
sufficient number of shares of GBB Stock for delivery upon exercise of SJNB
Stock Options assumed by it in accordance with this Section 7.9. At the
Effective Time of the Merger, or as soon as practicable thereafter, GBB
shall, if necessary, file a registration statement on Form S-8 (or any
successor or other appropriate form) with respect to the shares of GBB Stock
subject to such options and shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement (and maintain the current status
of the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein) for so long as such
options remain outstanding.   7.10 Reservation, Issuance and Registration of
GBB Stock. GBB shall 
--------------------------------------------------- reserve and make
available for issuance in connection with the Merger and in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement such number of shares of GBB Stock
to be issued to the shareholders of SJNB in the Merger pursuant to Article 2
hereof.   7.11 Nasdaq Listing. GBB shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to  -------------- cause the shares of GBB Stock to be issued in the
Merger to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market System,
subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger.  53    7.12 GBB Shareholders\' Meeting. As promptly as
practicable after the  ------------------------- execution of this
Agreement, GBB will take action necessary in accordance with applicable law
and its Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws to convene a meeting of its
shareholders to consider and vote upon this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Board of Directors of GBB shall, subject to its
fiduciary duties, recommend that its shareholders approve this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby. The Board of Directors of GBB
shall, subject to its fiduciary duties, use its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain the requisite affirmative vote of the holders of the
outstanding GBB Stock for the approval of this Agreement, the Merger and the
transactions contemplated hereby.   7.13 Indemnification and Insurance. 
-----------------------------   (a) GBB shall, for six years from and after
the Effective Time of the Merger, maintain, as continuing obligations of GBB
for the benefit of the individuals who on or at any time prior to the
Effective Time of the Merger were entitled to rights thereunder with respect
to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, the
indemnification, expense advancement and exculpation obligations set forth in
SJNB\'s or any SJNB Subsidiary\'s Articles of Incorporation or Association
and By-Laws, as amended, in each case as of the date of this Agreement,
irrespective of any amendment, repeal or modification thereof after the
Effective Time of the Merger. In addition, GBB agrees that the
indemnification and advancement obligations of SJNB or any SJNB Subsidiary as
set forth in indemnification agreements to which it is a party shall
be continuing obligations of GBB and shall not be amended, repealed, or
otherwise modified after the Effective Time of the Merger, except as
permitted by the terms and provisions of those agreements.   (b) GBB shall
maintain in effect, for six years from and after the Effective Time of the
Merger, directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policies covering the
Covered Parties under SJNB\'s current directors\' and officers\' policies and
on terms not materially less favorable than the existing insurance coverage
with respect to matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger; provided, however, in the event the annual premium for such coverage
exceeds an amount equal to 300% of the last annual premium paid immediately
prior to the date hereof by SJNB for such coverage, GBB shall obtain as much
comparable insurance as possible for an annual premium equal to 300% of the
last annual premium paid immediately prior to the date hereof by SJNB. The
provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall be deemed to have been
satisfied if prepaid policies have been obtained by SJNB prior to the Closing
for purposes of this Section 7.13(b), which policies provide such directors
and officers with coverage for an aggregate period of six years with respect
to claims arising from facts or events that occurred on or before
the Effective Time of the Merger, including, without limitation, in respect
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, that SJNB shall
not purchase any such policies if the cost thereof would exceed the amount
specified in the preceding sentence and shall consult with GBB prior to
purchasing any such policy in order to determine the most cost-effective and
efficient means of obtaining such coverage. If such prepaid policies have
been obtained by SJNB prior to the Closing, GBB shall maintain such policies
in full force and effect, and continue to honor SJNB\'s obligations
thereunder. If GBB or any of its successors and assigns (i) consolidates with
or merges with or into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or
surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii)
transfers or  54   conveys all or substantially all of its properties and
assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, to the extent necessary,
proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of GBB
assume the obligations set forth in this Section 7.13.   (c) In addition
to, and not in lieu of the foregoing, GBB shall indemnify, defend (with
mutually acceptable counsel) and hold harmless all current and former
officers and directors of SJNB and any SJNB Subsidiary (the
"Indemnified Parties") to the fullest extent permitted by the CGCL, as
amended from time to time, from and against all liabilities (including
amounts paid in settlement; provided GBB has approved such settlement),
costs, expenses and claims (including without limitation reasonable legal
fees and disbursements).   (d) In the event that any action, suit,
proceeding or investigation relating thereto or to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement is commenced, whether before or after the
Effective Time of the Merger, the parties hereto agree to cooperate and use
their respective commercially reasonable efforts to vigorously defend against
and respond thereto.   (e) The provisions of this Section 7.13 are intended
to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Covered Party and
Indemnified Party, and their respective heirs and representatives.  
ARTICLE 8.  ADDITIONAL COVENANTS  --------------------   The parties
hereto hereby mutually covenant and agree with each other as follows:  
8.1. Commercially Reasonable Efforts. Subject to the terms and 
------------------------------- conditions of this Agreement, each party will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement as promptly as practical.  
8.2. Public Announcements. No press release or other public disclosure 
-------------------- of matters related to this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be made by GBB or SJNB unless the
other party shall have provided its prior consent to the form and substance
thereof; provided, however, that nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit
any party hereto from making any disclosure which its counsel deems necessary
or advisable in order to fulfill such party\'s disclosure obligations imposed
by law, including without limitation such disclosure as is required by
Regulation FD of the SEC.   8.3. Environmental Assessment and Remediation.
GBB may cause to be  ---------------------------------------- prepared at
GBB\'s sole cost and expense within 45 days of the date of this Agreement one
or more phase I environmental investigations with respect to the Real
Property set forth on the SJNB Real Property List. In the event any
such phase I environmental investigation report, or any such report which
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries has already obtained on any of the Real
Property set forth on SJNB\'s Real Property List, discloses facts which, in
the sole discretion of GBB,  55   warrant further investigation, GBB
shall provide written notice to SJNB, and SJNB shall be required to cause to
be completed within 60 days of such written notice, at the sole cost and
expense of GBB, a phase II environmental investigation and report with
respect to such property. The consultant engaged by SJNB to conduct such
investigation and provide such report shall be reasonably acceptable to GBB.
GBB shall have 10 days from the receipt of such investigation report to
reasonably object thereto, which objection shall be by written notice. In the
event of any such objection, GBB shall engage an environmental consultant
reasonably satisfactory to SJNB who shall provide an estimate of the cost of
taking any remedial action recommended or suggested in such phase II
environmental investigation report, or which is required by law, or which is
determined to be prudent by GBB, in its reasonable judgment. The parties will
consult in good faith with one another regarding the nature and scope of any
required remediation. If the estimated cost of such remediation is more than
$100,000 but less than $1,000,000, SJNB shall immediately commence such
remediation, all at the sole cost and expense of SJNB; provided that
such remediation shall not be required with respect to any asbestos
contamination, lead-containing paint or urea formaldehyde foam insulation
which is not required by law to be remediated at such time and the presence
of asbestos or such materials which is not so required to be remediated shall
not be a failure of condition to GBB\'s obligations to close hereunder. In
the event either of the environmental consultants determines that the
estimated cost of such remediation is in excess of $1,000,000, the Conversion
Ratio shall be determined as set forth in Section 2.2(a)(v).   GBB agrees
to keep confidential and not to disclose any nonpublic information obtained
in the course of such environmental investigation relating to environmental
contamination or suspected contamination of any property on the SJNB Real
Property List, except as required by law.   8.4 Appointment of Director. GBB
agrees to take all necessary action to  ----------------------- appoint as
contemplated by Section 2.6 hereof two members of SJNB\'s Board of Directors
to the Board of Directors of GBB effective at the Effective Time of the
Merger.   ARTICLE 9.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE MERGER 
----------------------------------   The obligations of each of the parties
hereto to consummate the transactions contemplated herein are subject to the
satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of the following conditions:  
9.1. Shareholder Approval. The Agreement and the transactions 
-------------------- contemplated hereby shall have received all requisite
approvals of the shareholders of SJNB and GBB.   9.2. No Judgments or
Orders. No judgment, decree, injunction, order or 
---------------------- proceeding shall be outstanding or threatened by any
Governmental Entity which prohibits or restricts the effectuation of, or
threatens to invalidate or set aside, the Merger substantially in the form
contemplated by this Agreement.  56    9.3. Regulatory Approvals. To the
extent required by applicable law or  -------------------- regulation, all
approvals or consents of any Governmental Entity, including, without
limitation, those of the FRB, shall have been obtained or granted for the
Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and the applicable
waiting period under all laws shall have expired. All other statutory or
regulatory requirements for the valid completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been satisfied.   9.4. Securities Laws. The
Registration Statement on Form S-4 shall have  --------------- been declared
effective by the SEC and shall not be the subject of any stop order or
proceedings seeking or threatening a stop order.   9.5 Listing. The GBB
Stock issuable in the Merger shall have been  ------- included for listing
on the Nasdaq National Market System.   9.6 Pooling of Interests. Prior to
the Effective Time of the Merger,  -------------------- GBB shall have
received from PwC a written confirmation, dated as of the Closing Date, that
the Merger will qualify for pooling-of-interests accounting treatment.
Additionally, prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, KPMG shall have
delivered a letter to SJNB, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that,
as of the Effective Time of the Merger, no conditions exist with respect to
either SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries that would preclude accounting for
the Merger as a pooling-of-interests. In making their determinations that
the Merger will qualify for such treatment, PwC and KPMG shall be entitled to
assume that cash will be paid with respect to all shares held of record by
any holder of Dissenting Shares and with respect to fractional shares in
accordance with Section 2.4.   ARTICLE 10.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE
OBLIGATIONS OF SJNB  -----------------------------------------------   All
of the obligations of SJNB to effect the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of the
following conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by SJNB:   10.1
Representations and Warranties; Performance of Covenants. All the 
-------------------------------------------------------- covenants, terms and
conditions of this Agreement to be complied with and performed by GBB on or
before the Closing Date shall have been complied with and performed in all
material respects. Each of the representations and warranties of GBB
contained in Article 5 hereof shall have been true and correct in
all material respects (except that where any statement in a representation
or warranty expressly includes a standard of materiality, such statement
shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of this
Agreement and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak
as of an earlier date or for changes expressly contemplated by this
Agreement) on and as of the Closing Date, with the same effect as though such
representations and warranties had been made on and as of the Closing Date.
It is understood and acknowledged that the representations being made on and
as of the Closing Date shall be made without giving effect to any update with
respect to the GBB Disclosure Letter and the GBB Lists in accordance with
Section 7.2(c).  57    10.2 Authorization of Merger. All actions
necessary to authorize the  ----------------------- execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the Agreement of Merger by GBB and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall have
been duly and validly taken by the Board of Directors of GBB, as required by
applicable law, and GBB shall have full power and right to merge pursuant to
the Agreement of Merger.   10.3 Absence of Certain Changes. Between the date
of this Agreement and  -------------------------- the Effective Time of the
Merger, there shall not have occurred any event that has had or could
reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on GBB, whether or not such event, change or effect
is reflected in the GBB Disclosure Letter as amended or supplemented after
the date of this Agreement.   10.4 Third Party Consents. GBB shall have
obtained all consents of other  -------------------- parties to their
respective mortgages, notes, leases, franchises, agreements, licenses and
permits as may be necessary to permit the Merger and the transactions
contemplated herein to be consummated without a material
default, acceleration, breach or loss of rights or benefits thereunder.  
10.5 Officers\' Certificate. There shall have been delivered to SJNB on 
--------------------- the Closing Date a certificate executed by the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of GBB certifying, to the
best of their knowledge, compliance with all of the provisions of Sections
10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4.   10.6 Tax Opinion. SJNB shall have received from
Pillsbury Winthrop LLP an  ----------- opinion, dated as of or prior to the
date of the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus, reasonably satisfactory to
SJNB to the effect that the Merger shall not result in the recognition of
gain or loss for federal income tax purposes to SJNB, nor shall the issuance
of the GBB Stock result in the recognition of gain or loss by the holders of
SJNB Stock who receive such stock, nor shall the substitution of options
under Section 7.9 result in any income or gain to the option holder or
disqualify any such options as incentive stock options in connection with the
Merger, and such opinion shall not have been withdrawn or modified in any
material respect.   ARTICLE 11.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF
GBB  -------------------------------------------   All of the obligations
of GBB to effect the transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the
satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of the following conditions, any
of which may be waived in writing by GBB:   11.1 Representations and
Warranties; Performance of Covenants. All the 
-------------------------------------------------------- covenants, terms and
conditions of this Agreement to be complied with and performed by SJNB at or
before  58   the Closing Date shall have been complied with and performed
in all material respects. Each of the representations and warranties of SJNB
contained in Article 4 hereof shall have been true and correct in all
material respects (except that where any statement in a representation or
warranty expressly includes a standard of materiality, such statement shall
be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of this Agreement
and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an
earlier date or for changes expressly contemplated by this Agreement) on and
as of the Closing Date, with the same effect as though such representations
and warranties had been made on and as of the Closing Date. It is understood
and acknowledged that the representations being made on and as of the Closing
Date shall be made without giving effect to any update with respect to the
SJNB Disclosure Letter and the SJNB Lists in accordance with Section
6.2(j).   11.2 Authorization of Merger. All actions necessary to authorize
the  ----------------------- execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the Agreement of Merger by SJNB and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall have been duly and validly
taken by the Board of Directors and shareholders of SJNB, as required by
applicable law, and SJNB shall have full power and right to merge pursuant to
the Agreement of Merger.   11.3 Third Party Consents. SJNB shall have
obtained all consents of  -------------------- other parties to their
respective mortgages, notes, leases, franchises, agreements, licenses and
permits as may be necessary to permit the Merger and the transactions
contemplated herein to be consummated without a material default,
acceleration, breach or loss of rights or benefits thereunder with respect to
any such item which is material to SJNB and the SJNB Subsidiaries taken as a
whole.   11.4 Absence of Certain Changes. Between the date of this Agreement
and  -------------------------- the Effective Time of the Merger, there
shall not have occurred any event that has had or could reasonably be
expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect on SJNB, whether or not such event, change or effect is reflected in
the SJNB Disclosure Letter as amended or supplemented after the date of this
Agreement.   11.5 Reserved.   11.6. Officers\' Certificate. There shall
have been delivered to GBB on  --------------------- the Closing Date a
certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer of SJNB certifying, to the best of their knowledge, compliance with
all of the provisions of Sections 11.1, 11.2, 11.3 and 11.4.   11.7.
Shareholder\'s Agreements. Concurrently with the execution of this 
------------------------ Agreement, each director of SJNB and the SJNB
Subsidiaries shall have executed and delivered to GBB agreements
substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto.  ---------   11.8.
Agreements Not to Compete. Concurrently with the execution of 
------------------------- this Agreement, the directors of SJNB and the SJNB
Subsidiaries shall have executed and delivered to GBB agreements
substantially in the form of Exhibit C  --------- hereto.  59    11.9.
Affiliates Agreements. Concurrently with the execution of this 
--------------------- Agreement, GBB shall have received from each person
named in the letter or otherwise referred to in Section 6.9 an executed copy
of an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto. 
---------   11.10. Employee Benefit Plans. GBB shall have received
satisfactory  ---------------------- evidence that all of SJNB\'s employee
benefit plans, programs and arrangements, including, without limitation, the
SJNB 401(k) Plan, have been treated as provided in Article 12 of this
Agreement.   11.11. Dissenting Shares. The number of shares of SJNB Stock
and GBB  ----------------- Stock for which demand is made to be SJNB
Perfected Dissenting Shares and GBB Perfected Dissenting Shares shall not
exceed an amount which, when combined with other amounts payable in
connection with the Merger, would result in the Merger being disqualified
from pooling of interest accounting treatment.   11.12. Reserved.   11.13.
SJNB Adjusted Book Value. At least five Business Days prior to 
------------------------ the Effective Time of the Merger, SJNB shall provide
GBB with SJNB\'s consolidated financial statements as of the close of
business on the last day of the month prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger. Such financial statements shall have been prepared in all material
respects in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
other applicable legal and accounting requirements, and reflect all period-
end accruals and other adjustments. At the close of business on the last day
of the month preceding the Effective Time of the Merger, the SJNB Adjusted
Book Value, as determined in accordance with such financial statements, shall
be not less than:   (a) $69,642,389 if the Closing Date occurs in October
2001;   (b) $69,611,147 if the Closing Date occurs in November 2001;   (c)
$70,323,372 if the Closing Date occurs in December 2001; or   (d)
$71,066,331 if the Closing Date occurs in January 2002.   11.14 Allowance
for Loan Losses. SJNB\'s allowance for loan and lease 
------------------------- losses, as reflected on the consolidated financial
statements referred to in Section 11.13, shall equal at least 1.60% of
SJNB\'s total gross loans; provided,  -------- however, that for purposes of
this Section 11.14, the loan loss provision shall ------- be greater than
zero in each month between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date,
unless GBB otherwise agrees.   11.15 Regulatory Approvals. Any and all
approvals or consents of any  -------------------- Governmental Entity which
are necessary to consummate the Merger and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been granted without the imposition of any conditions which
GBB deems, in its sole and absolute opinion, to materially adversely affect
it or be materially burdensome.   11.16 Tax Opinion. GBB shall have received
from Manatt, Phelps and  ----------- Phillips, LLP an opinion, dated as of or
prior to the date of the Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus,
reasonably  60   satisfactory to GBB to the effect that the Merger shall
not result in the recognition of gain or loss for federal income tax purposes
to GBB, and such opinion shall not have been withdrawn or modified in any
material respect.   ARTICLE 12.   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
-----------------   12.1 Employee Benefits. GBB in its sole discretion, may
elect to  ----------------- terminate the SJNB 401(k) Plan or to discontinue
contributions to the SJNB 401(k) Plan following the Effective Time of the
Merger, to cause SJNB to terminate the SJNB 401(k) Plan or to discontinue
contributions to the SJNB 401(k) Plan prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger, or to merge the SJNB 401(k) Plan with and into the GBB 401(k) Plan
after the Effective Time of the Merger. In no event shall the SJNB 401(k)
Plan be merged with and into the GBB 401(k) Plan, however, unless GBB
determines, in its reasonable judgment, that: (i) the SJNB 401(k) Plan is a
qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code, both as to the form of the
SJNB 401(k) Plan and as to its operation; and (ii) there are no facts in
existence that would be reasonably likely to adversely affect the qualified
status of the SJNB 401(k) Plan. If GBB determines in its sole discretion not
to merge the SJNB 401(k) Plan into the GBB 401(k) Plan and that the SJNB
401(k) Plan should be terminated prior to the Effective Time of the Merger,
SJNB agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the SJNB
401(k) Plan terminated prior to the Effective Time of the Merger and
to obtain an IRS determination that the SJNB 401(k) Plan continues to be
qualified upon termination.   As soon as practicable after the Effective
Time of the Merger, all other Employee Plans will be discontinued or merged
into GBB plans, in the discretion of GBB, and employees of SJNB and the SJNB
Subsidiaries shall become eligible for the employee benefit plans of GBB on
the same terms as such plans and benefits are generally offered from time to
time to employees of GBB and its Subsidiaries in comparable positions with
GBB or its Subsidiaries. For purposes of determining such employment
eligibility and vesting under the employee benefit plans of GBB, GBB shall
recognize such employees\' years of service with SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries beginning on the date such employees commenced employment with
SJNB or the SJNB Subsidiaries through the Effective Time of the Merger.  
ARTICLE 13.   TERMINATION  -----------   13.1 Termination. This Agreement
may be terminated at any time prior to  ----------- the Effective Time of
the Merger upon the occurrence of any of the following:   (a) By mutual
agreement of the parties, in writing;   (b) By SJNB (unless SJNB\'s Board of
Directors shall have withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to GBB in any
respect its recommendation of the Merger to the holders of SJNB Stock) or GBB
(unless GBB\'s Board of Directors shall have withdrawn or  61   modified
in a manner adverse to SJNB in any respect its recommendation of the Merger
to the holders of GBB Stock) upon the failure of the shareholders of SJNB or
GBB to give the requisite approval of this Agreement;   (c) By SJNB promptly
following the expiration of 30 days from delivery of written notice by SJNB
to GBB of GBB\'s breach of or failure to satisfy any condition, covenant or
agreement contained herein resulting in a material impairment of the benefit
reasonably expected to be derived by SJNB from the performance or
satisfaction of such condition, covenant or agreement (provided that such
breach has not been waived by SJNB or cured by GBB prior to expiration of
such 30 day period);   (d) By GBB promptly following the expiration of 30
days from delivery of written notice by GBB to SJNB of SJNB\'s breach of or
failure to satisfy any condition, covenant or agreement contained herein
resulting in a material impairment of the benefit reasonably expected to be
derived by GBB from the performance or satisfaction of such condition,
covenant or agreement (provided that such breach has not been waived by GBB
or cured by SJNB prior to expiration of such 30 day period);   (e) By SJNB
or GBB if any Governmental Entity which must grant a regulatory approval
required for consummation of the Merger has denied such approval and such
denial has become final and nonappealable or any Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction shall have issued a final nonappealable
order permanently enjoining or prohibiting the Merger; provided, however,
that such right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 13.1(e) shall
not be available to SJNB or GBB if either such party\'s failure to comply
with Section 6.8 or 7.5, respectively, was a cause of such action;   (f) By
SJNB or GBB if any conditions set forth in Article 9 shall not have been met
by January 31, 2002, or such earlier time as it becomes apparent that such
condition shall not be met; provided, however, that this Agreement shall not
be terminated pursuant to this Section 13.1(f) if the relevant condition
shall have failed to occur as a result of any act or omission of the party
seeking to terminate;   (g) By SJNB if any of the conditions set forth in
Article 10 shall not have been met by January 31, 2002, or such earlier time
as it becomes apparent that such condition shall not be met, provided,
however, that this Agreement shall not be terminated pursuant to this Section
13.1(g) if the relevant condition shall have failed to occur as a result of
any act or omission of SJNB;   (h) By GBB if any of the conditions set
forth in Article 11 shall not have been met by January 31, 2002, or such
earlier time as it becomes apparent that such condition shall not be met,
provided, however, that this Agreement shall not be terminated pursuant to
this Section 13.1(h) if the relevant condition shall have failed to occur as
a result of any act or omission of GBB;   (i) By GBB if SJNB or the SJNB
Subsidiaries shall have breached any of their obligations contained in
Section 6.1(n);  62    (j) By GBB, if (i) SJNB shall have exercised a
right specified in the penultimate sentence of Section 6.1(n) with respect to
any Superior Proposal and shall, directly or through agents or
representatives, continue any discussions with any third party concerning
such Superior Proposal for more than fifteen (15) Business Days following the
later to occur of (x) the tenth day following the date of this Agreement or
(y) the date of receipt of such Superior Proposal; or (ii) SJNB shall have
exercised a right specified in the penultimate sentence of Section 6.1(n)
with respect to a Superior Proposal which constitutes a tender or exchange
offer that has been commenced, publicly proposed or communicated to SJNB,
such Superior Proposal contains a proposal as to price (without regard to the
specificity of such price proposal) and SJNB shall not have rejected
such proposal within fifteen (15) Business Days following the later to occur
of (x) the tenth day following the date of this Agreement or (y) the date of
its receipt or the date its existence first becomes publicly disclosed, if
earlier;   (k) Reserved.   (l) By SJNB if the Average Closing Price is
less than $21.1429, subject to GBB\'s right to exercise the Top Up
Option;   (m) By SJNB if the Board of Directors of GBB shall have withdrawn
or modified in a manner adverse to SJNB its favorable recommendation of
this Agreement;   (n) By GBB if the Board of Directors of SJNB shall have
withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to GBB its favorable recommendation
of this Agreement or recommended any Competing Transaction to the
shareholders of SJNB;  63    (o) By SJNB if the Board of Directors of
SJNB shall concurrently with such termination authorize SJNB to enter into an
agreement with respect to a Competing Transaction; provided, however, that
SJNB may only exercise its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 13.1(o) if (i) SJNB is not in material breach of any of the terms of
this Agreement; (ii) the shareholders of SJNB have not yet approved this
Agreement; (iii) SJNB shall have complied in all material respects with
Section 6.1(n); (iv) the Board of Directors of SJNB, after consultation with
its financial advisor, determines in good faith that such Competing
Transaction is a Superior Proposal; (v) at least ten Business Days shall have
passed since GBB has received written notice from SJNB (the "Competing
Transaction Notice") advising GBB that the Board of Directors of SJNB is
prepared to accept such Competing Transaction, which notice shall specify
the identity of the other Person to the Competing Transaction and the
material terms and conditions of such Competing Transaction, and include a
copy of the definitive agreement and all other documentation relating
thereto, and if by the end of such tenth Business Day, GBB shall not have
made an offer to increase the Merger Consideration and/or revise the other
terms of this Agreement so that the Merger Consideration and such terms,
taken together as so revised, are, in the good faith judgment of the Board of
Directors of SJNB, at least as favorable to the consideration and terms of
such Competing Transaction, such that the latter is no longer a Superior
Proposal; and (v) simultaneously with such termination, SJNB shall make a
payment to GBB in the amount of $6,000,000 which shall be credited against
any amounts owing to GBB under the Stock Option Agreement. Without limiting
the foregoing, SJNB agrees and acknowledges that it cannot terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 13.1(o) in order to enter into a written
agreement referred to in this Section 13.1(o) until at least ten
(10) Business Days after receipt by GBB of the Competing Transaction Notice
and to notify GBB promptly in writing if its intention to enter into a
written agreement referred to in the Competing Transaction Notice shall
change at any time after giving such notification; or   (p) By SJNB if GBB
shall have entered into a GBB Acquisition Transaction that includes as a
condition precedent to such GBB Acquisition Transaction that GBB terminate
this Agreement.   13.2. Effect of Termination. In the event of termination
of this  --------------------- Agreement by either SJNB or GBB as provided
in Section 13.1, neither SJNB nor GBB shall have any further obligation or
liability to the other party except (a) with respect to the last sentences of
each of Section 6.3(a), Section 7.3 and Section 8.3, and Section 13.1(o) and
this Section 13.2, (b) with respect to Section 14.1; (c) to the extent such
termination results from a party\'s willful and material breach of the
warranties and representations made by it, or willful and material failure in
performance of any of its covenants, agreements or obligations hereunder; and
(d) as provided in the Stock Option Agreement, the form of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit E and which is governed by its own terms as to
termination.   13.3. Force Majeure. SJNB and GBB agree that, notwithstanding
anything  ------------- to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event this
Agreement is terminated as a result of a failure of a condition, which
failure is due to a natural disaster or other act of God, or an act of war,
and provided neither party has materially failed to observe the obligations
of such party under this  64   Agreement, neither party shall be
obligated to pay to the other party to this Agreement any expenses or
otherwise be liable hereunder.   ARTICLE 14.   MISCELLANEOUS 
-------------   14.1. Expenses.  --------   (a) GBB hereby agrees that if
this Agreement is terminated by SJNB pursuant to Section 13.1(b) with respect
to the failure of GBB shareholders to approve the Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, or pursuant to Section 13.1(c), 13.1(m) or
13.1(p), GBB shall promptly and in any event within 10 days after such
termination pay SJNB all Expenses (as defined in Section 14.1(d) below) of
SJNB, but not to exceed $250,000.   (b) SJNB hereby agrees that if the
Agreement is terminated by GBB or SJNB pursuant to Section 13.1(b) with
respect to the failure of SJNB shareholders to approve the Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, or by GBB pursuant to Section 13.1(d),
13.1(i), 13.1(j) or 13.1(n), SJNB shall promptly and in any event within 10
days after such termination pay GBB all Expenses of GBB, but not to exceed
$375,000.   (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, all Expenses incurred
by GBB and SJNB in connection with or related to the authorization,
preparation and execution of this Agreement, the solicitation of shareholder
approvals and all other matters related to the closing of the transactions
contemplated hereby, including, without limitation of the generality of the
foregoing, all fees and expenses of agents, representatives, counsel and
accountants employed by either such party or its Affiliates, shall be borne
solely and entirely by the party which has incurred the same. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, GBB and SJNB shall share equally the cost of printing the
Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus.   (d) "Expenses" as used in this
Agreement shall include all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including all
fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, experts and
consultants to the party and its Affiliates) incurred by the party or on its
behalf in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   (e) As an inducement to SJNB to enter into this
Agreement, in the event this Agreement is terminated by SJNB pursuant to
Section 13.1(p) or 13.1(m) (where GBB\'s Board has withdrawn or modified in a
manner adverse to SJNB its favorable recommendation of this Agreement due to
a proposal for a GBB Acquisition Transaction), GBB shall wire to SJNB within
three Business Days of the date of such termination $6,000,000, which amount
the parties acknowledge as representing (i) SJNB\'s Expenses incurred in
negotiating and undertaking to carry out the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including SJNB\'s management time devoted to negotiation and
preparation for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) SJNB\'s
indirect expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; and (iii) SJNB\'s loss as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement not being consummated. Any payment previously
made by GBB pursuant to Section 14.1(a)  65   hereof shall be credited
against any amount due under this Section 14.1(e). If any payment is made to
SJNB pursuant to this Section 14.1(e), GBB shall have no further obligation
to make any payment pursuant to Section 14.1(a).   14.2 Notices. Any notice,
request, instruction or other document to be  ------- given hereunder by any
party hereto to another shall be in writing and delivered personally or by
confirmed facsimile transmission or sent by a recognized overnight courier
service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, with return
receipt requested, addressed as follows:   To GBB: Greater Bay Bancorp 
2860 West Bayshore Road  Palo Alto, California 94303  Attention: Steven C.
Smith  Facsimile Number: (415) 494-9220   With a copy to: Greater Bay
Bancorp  400 Emerson Street, 3rd Floor  Palo Alto, California 94301 
Attention: Linda M. Iannone, Esq.  Facsimile Number: (650) 473-9419   To
SJNB: SJNB Financial Corp.  One North Market Street  San Jose, California
95113  Attention: James R. Kenny  Facsimile Number: (408) 298-5657   With
a copy to: Pillsbury Winthrop LLP  50 Fremont Street  San Francisco,
California 94105  Attention: Rodney R. Peck, Esq.  Patricia F. Young, Esq. 
Facsimile Number: (415) 983-1200   Any such notice, request, instruction or
other document shall be deemed received (i) on the date delivered personally
or delivered by confirmed facsimile transmission, (ii) on the next Business
Day after it was sent by overnight courier, postage prepaid; or (iii) on the
third Business Day after it was sent by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid. Any of the persons shown above may change its address for purposes
of this section by giving notice in accordance herewith.   14.3. Successors
and Assigns. All terms and conditions of this 
---------------------- Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective transferees, successors
and permitted assigns; provided, however, that this Agreement and all rights,
privileges, duties and obligations of the parties hereto may not be assigned
or delegated by any party hereto and any such attempted assignment or
delegation shall be null and void.  66    14.4. Counterparts. This
Agreement and any exhibit hereto may be  ------------ executed in one or
more counterparts, all of which, taken together, shall constitute one
original document and shall become effective when one or more counterparts
have been signed by the appropriate parties and delivered to each party
hereto.   14.5. Effect of Representations and Warranties. The
representations and  ---------------------------------------- warranties
contained in this Agreement or in any List shall terminate immediately after
the Effective Time of the Merger.   14.6. Third Parties. Each party hereto
intends that this Agreement  ------------- shall not benefit or create any
right or cause of action to any person other than parties hereto, except as
provided in Section 7.13(e). As used in this Agreement the term "parties"
shall refer only to GBB and SJNB as the context may require.   14.7. Lists;
Exhibits; Integration. Each List, exhibit and letter 
---------------------------- delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall constitute a part of the Agreement, although Lists and
letters need not be attached to each copy of this Agreement. This Agreement,
together with such Lists, exhibits and letters, constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties in
connection therewith.   14.8. Knowledge. Whenever any statement herein or in
any list,  --------- certificate or other document delivered to any party
pursuant to this Agreement is made "to the knowledge" or "to the best
knowledge" of any party or another Person, such party or other Person shall
make such statement only after conducting an investigation reasonable under
the circumstances of the subject matter thereof, and each such statement
shall constitute a representation that such investigation has been
conducted.   14.9 Governing Law. This Agreement is made and entered into in
the State  ------------- of California, except to the extent that the
provisions of federal law are mandatorily applicable, and the laws of the
State of California shall govern the validity and interpretation hereof and
the performance of the parties hereto of their respective duties and
obligations hereunder.   14.10. Captions. The captions contained in this
Agreement are for  -------- convenience of reference only and do not form a
part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation hereof.  
14.11. Severability. If any portion of this Agreement shall be deemed 
------------ by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the
remaining portions shall be valid and enforceable only if, after excluding
the portion deemed to be unenforceable, the remaining terms hereof shall
provide for the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein in
substantially the same manner as originally set forth at the date this
Agreement was executed.   14.12. Waiver and Modification; Amendment. No
waiver of any term,  ---------------------------------- provision or
condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or
more instances,  67   shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or
continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise required by law, this Agreement and the Agreement of
Merger, when executed and delivered, may be modified or amended by action of
the Boards of Directors of GBB and SJNB without action by their respective
shareholders. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by an instrument
of equal formality signed by the parties or their duly authorized agents.  
14.13 Attorneys\' Fees. If any legal action or any arbitration upon 
--------------- mutual agreement is brought for the enforcement of this
Agreement or because of an alleged dispute, controversy, breach, or default
in connection with this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover reasonable attorneys\' fees and all other reasonable costs and
expenses incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other
relief to which it may be entitled.  68    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties to this Agreement have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written.   ATTEST: GREATER BAY BANCORP    /s/ Linda M.
Iannone By: /s/ David L. Kalkbrenner --------------------
------------------------ Secretary David L. Kalkbrenner  President and Chief
Executive Officer   ATTEST: SJNB FINANCIAL CORP.    /s/ Eugene E.
Blakeslee By: /s/ James R. Kenny -----------------------
------------------ Executive Vice President James R. Kenny  President and
Chief Executive Officer  69   '

