 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER                    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  
DATED AS OF JUNE 28, 2001   AMONG   DIANON SYSTEMS, INC.,   UROCOR
ACQUISITION CORP.   AND   UROCOR, INC.          TABLE OF
CONTENTS   Page   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER; CERTAIN RELATED MATTERS  1.1
The Merger........................................................... 1.2
Closing.............................................................. 1.3
Effective Time....................................................... 1.4
Effects of the Merger................................................ 1.5
Certificate of Incorporation......................................... 1.6
Bylaws............................................................... 1.7
Effect on Capital Stock.............................................. 1.8
UroCor Stock Options................................................. 1.9
Certain Adjustments.................................................. 1.10
Associated Rights.................................................... 1.11
Officers and Directors of the Surviving Corporation..................   
ARTICLE II   EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES  2.1 Exchange
Fund........................................................ 2.2 Exchange
Procedures.................................................. 2.3
Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares..................... 2.4 No
Further Ownership Rights in UroCor Common Stock................... 2.5 No
Fractional Shares of Dianon Common Stock.......................... 2.6
Termination of Exchange Fund......................................... 2.7 No
Liability......................................................... 2.8
Investment of the Exchange Fund...................................... 2.9
Lost Certificates.................................................... 2.10
Withholding Rights................................................... 2.11
Further Assurances................................................... 2.12
Stock Transfer Books................................................. 2.13
Affiliates...........................................................   
ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  3.1 Representations and
Warranties of Dianon............................. 3.2 Representations and
Warranties of UroCor............................. 3.3 Representations and
Warranties of Dianon and Merger 
Sub..................................................................   
ARTICLE IV   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  4.1 Covenants of
Dianon.................................................. 4.2 Covenants of
UroCor.................................................. 4.3 Advice of
Changes.................................................... 4.4 Governmental
Filings.................................................    ARTICLE V  
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  5.1 Preparation of Proxy Statement; Stockholders
Meetings................ 5.2 Access to
Information/Employees...................................... 5.3 Reasonable
Efforts................................................... 5.4 Standstill
Agreement................................................. 5.5 Acquisition
Proposals................................................ 5.6 S-8
Registration Statement........................................... 5.7 Special
UroCor Employee Bonus Plan................................... 5.8 Fees and
Expenses.................................................... 5.9 Directors\'
and Officers\' Indemnification and Insurance............... 5.10 Public
Announcements................................................. 5.11
Accountant\'s Letters................................................. 5.12
Listing of Shares of Dianon Common Stock............................. 5.13
Affiliates .......................................................... 5.14
Tax Treatment........................................................ 5.15
UroCor Employee Stock Purchase Plan..................................   
ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation to Effect the 
Merger............................................................... 6.2
Additional Conditions to Obligations of Dianon and  Merger
Sub........................................................... 6.3 Additional
Conditions to Obligations of UroCor.......................    ARTICLE
VII   TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT  7.1
Termination.......................................................... 7.2
Effect of Termination................................................ 7.3
Amendment............................................................ 7.4
Extension; Waiver....................................................   
ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL PROVISIONS  8.1 Non-Survival of Representations,
Warranties and 
Agreements........................................................... 8.2
Notices.............................................................. 8.3
Interpretation....................................................... 8.4
Counterparts......................................................... 8.5
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries....................... 8.6
Governing Law........................................................ 8.7
Severability......................................................... 8.8
Assignment........................................................... 8.9
Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers.................................. 8.10
Enforcement.......................................................... 8.11
Definitions..........................................................   
LIST OF EXHIBITS  Exhibit Title  5.11 Form of Affiliate Letter 6.2(c)(1)
Form of Tax Opinion of Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft 6.2(c)(2) Form of Dianon
Representations Letter 6.2(c)(3) Form of UroCor Representations
Letter 6.3(c)(1) Form of Tax Opinion of Fulbright and Jaworski L.L.P. 6.2(f)
Form of Opinion of Fulbright and Jaworski L.L.P. 6.3(f) Form of Opinion of
Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft           AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER, dated as of June 28, 2001 (this "Agreement"), among DIANON SYSTEMS,
INC., a Delaware corporation ("DIANON"), UROCOR ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware
corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Dianon ("Merger Sub"),
and UROCOR, INC., a Delaware corporation ("UroCor").   W I T N E S S E T
H:   WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of UroCor and Dianon deem
it advisable and in the best interests of each corporation and its
respective stockholders to consummate the business combination transaction
provided for herein;   WHEREAS, the combination of UroCor and Dianon shall
be effected by the terms of this Agreement through a merger as described
below (the "Merger");   WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof, the respective
Boards of Directors of UroCor and Dianon have approved the Merger, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, pursuant to
which each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of UroCor
("UroCor Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.3), other than shares owned or held
by Dianon, or any of its Subsidiaries, or by UroCor, will be converted into
the right to receive shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
Dianon ("Dianon Common Stock") as set forth in Section 1.7; and   WHEREAS,
for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify
as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and the
regulations promulgated thereunder.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements set forth in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER;
CERTAIN RELATED MATTERS   1.1 THE MERGER.   (a) Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), Merger Sub shall be merged
with and into UroCor at the Effective Time. Following the Merger, the
separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and UroCor shall
continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation").   (b)
At any time prior to the Effective Time, Dianon, in its sole discretion, may
give written notice to UroCor to the effect that the Merger and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be restructured such
that the Merger will be effected through the merger of UroCor with and into
Dianon, with Dianon continuing as the surviving corporation, in which case
the parties hereto shall amend this Agreement to reflect such revised
transaction structure (the "Alternative Merger Structure").   1.2 CLOSING.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Article VI and the
termination rights set forth in Article VII, the closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place on the first Business Day (as defined in Section
8.11(c)) after the satisfaction or waiver (subject to applicable law) of the
conditions (excluding conditions that, by their nature, cannot be satisfied
until the Closing Date) set forth in Article VI, unless this Agreement has
been theretofore terminated pursuant to its terms or unless another time or
date is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto (the actual time and date
of the Closing being referred to herein as the "Closing Date"). The Closing
shall be held at the offices of Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft, 100 Maiden
Lane, New York, New York, 10038, unless another place is agreed to in writing
by the parties hereto.   1.3 EFFECTIVE TIME. As soon as practicable
following the satisfaction or waiver (subject to applicable law) of the
conditions set forth in Article VI, at the Closing the parties shall (i) file
a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") in such form as is
required by and executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
DGCL and (ii) make all other filings or recordings required under the DGCL.
The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger
is duly filed with the Delaware Secretary of State or at such subsequent time
as Dianon and UroCor shall agree and as shall be specified in the Certificate
of Merger (the date and time the Merger becomes effective being the
"Effective Time").   1.4 EFFECTS OF THE MERGER. At and after the Effective
Time, the Merger will have the effects set forth in the DGCL. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of
UroCor and Merger Sub shall be vested in the Surviving Corporation, and all
debts, liabilities and duties of UroCor and Merger Sub shall become the
debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   1.5
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION. The certificate of incorporation of UroCor, as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the certificate
of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law.   1.6 BYLAWS. The bylaws
of UroCor, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the
bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as
provided therein or by applicable law.   1.7 EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK.  
(a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the holder thereof, each share of UroCor Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of
UroCor Common Stock owned by Dianon or Merger Sub or held by UroCor, all of
which shall be canceled as provided in Section 1.7(c)), together with
the associated UroCor Rights (as defined in Section 3.2(b)), shall be
converted into the right to receive that number of validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Dianon Common Stock and the associated Dianon
Rights (as defined in Section 3.1(b)) (together with any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Dianon Common Stock to be paid pursuant to Section 2.5,
the "Merger Consideration") equal to the Exchange Ratio. The "Exchange Ratio"
shall be determined as follows:   (i) If the Dianon Market Price is less
than or equal to  $44.29, the Exchange Ratio shall equal 0.4064, and   (ii)
If the Dianon Market Price is greater than $44.29, the  Exchange Ratio shall
equal a quotient (rounded to four decimal  points), the numerator of which is
$18.00, and the denominator of  which is the Dianon Market Price.  For
purposes of this Agreement, "Dianon Market Price" shall mean the
average daily closing price per share of Dianon Common Stock as reported on
the Nasdaq National Market ("Nasdaq") for the Random Trading Days, "Random
Trading Days" shall mean the five trading days selected by lot out of the
fifteen trading days ending on and including the Determination Date (with
Random Trading Days selected by lot by Dianon and UroCor at 5:00 p.m. New
York time on the Determination Date), and "Determination Date" shall mean the
third Nasdaq trading day preceding the Closing Date.   (b) As a result of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders thereof, at the
Effective Time, all shares of UroCor Common Stock (together with the
associated UroCor Rights) shall cease to be outstanding and shall be canceled
and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate, which
certificate immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such
shares of UroCor Common Stock and associated UroCor Rights (a "Certificate"),
shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect to such shares of
UroCor Common Stock and associated UroCor Rights, except as provided herein
or by law.   (c) Each share of UroCor Common Stock issued and owned by
Dianon or Merger Sub or by UroCor, including any treasury shares, at the
Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger, cease to be issued or
outstanding and shall be canceled and retired and no stock of Dianon or other
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   (d) At the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
the holder thereof, each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time,
shall be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving
Corporation.   1.8 UROCOR STOCK OPTIONS. Each UroCor Stock Option (as
defined in Section 3.2(b)) that was granted pursuant to the UroCor 1992 Plan
and the UroCor 1997 Plan (each as defined in Section 3.2(b)) prior to the
Effective Time (whether vested or not vested) and which remains outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to represent a right to
acquire shares of UroCor Common Stock and shall be converted, at the
Effective Time, into an option to acquire that number of shares of Dianon
Common Stock (an "Assumed Stock Option") determined by multiplying the number
of shares of UroCor Common Stock subject to such UroCor Stock Option by the
Exchange Ratio, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole share of Dianon
Common Stock, at a price per share (rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of a
cent) equal to the per share exercise price specified in such UroCor Stock
Option divided by the Exchange Ratio; provided, however, that in the case of
any such UroCor Stock Option to which Section 421 of the Code applies by
reason of its qualification under Section 422 of the Code, the option price,
the number of shares subject to such option and the terms and conditions of
exercise of such option shall be determined in a manner consistent with the
requirements of Section 424(a) of the Code. On or prior to the Effective
Time, UroCor will take all actions necessary such that all UroCor Stock
Options outstanding prior to the Effective Time under the UroCor 1992 Plan
and the UroCor 1997 Plan are treated in accordance with the immediately
preceding sentences, including, but not limited to, precluding the holder of
each such UroCor Stock Option from receiving any cash payments in respect of
such UroCor Stock Option in connection with the Merger. Each such Assumed
Stock Option shall otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions as
in effect at the Effective Time, including the expiration date of the
option, as the related UroCor Stock Option; and, in such regard, Dianon
acknowledges and agrees that, upon the Effective Time, each outstanding
UroCor Stock Option granted under the UroCor 1992 Plan shall become fully
vested and fully exercisable regardless of the extent to which such stock
option was vested immediately prior to the Effective Time. At the Effective
Time, (i) all references to UroCor in the UroCor 1992 Plan and the UroCor
1997 Plan and in the stock option agreements evidencing the related UroCor
Stock Options shall be deemed to refer to Dianon, and (ii) Dianon shall
assume all of UroCor\'s obligations with respect to such UroCor Stock Options
as so converted into Assumed Stock Options. Dianon shall take all corporate
action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of
Dianon Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of Assumed Stock Options at
and after the Effective Time.   1.9 CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS. If, between the
date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding Dianon Common
Stock or UroCor Common Stock shall have been changed into a different number
of shares or different class by reason of any reclassification,
recapitalization, stock split, split-up, combination or exchange of shares or
a stock dividend or dividend payable in any other securities shall be
declared with a record date within such period, or any similar event shall
have occurred, the Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted to provide
to the holders of UroCor Common Stock the same economic effect as
contemplated by this Agreement prior to such event.   1.10 ASSOCIATED
RIGHTS. References in Article I and Article II of this Agreement to UroCor
Common Stock shall include, unless the context requires otherwise, the
associated UroCor Rights and references in Article I and Article II of this
Agreement to Dianon Common Stock shall include, unless the context requires
otherwise, the associated Dianon Rights.   1.11 OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF
THE SURVIVING CORPORATION. The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, and
the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the officers of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance
with the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Surviving
Corporation, in each case until their respective successors are duly elected
and qualified.   ARTICLE II   EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   2.1 EXCHANGE
FUND. Prior to the Effective Time, Dianon shall appoint a commercial bank or
trust company reasonably acceptable to UroCor to act as exchange agent
hereunder for the purpose of exchanging Certificates for the Merger
Consideration (the "Exchange Agent"). At or prior to the Effective
Time, Dianon shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit
of holders of shares of UroCor Common Stock, certificates representing the
Dianon Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.7 in exchange for
outstanding shares of UroCor Common Stock. Dianon agrees to make available to
the Exchange Agent from time to time as needed, cash sufficient to pay cash
in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends and
other distributions pursuant to Section 2.3. Any cash and certificates of
Dianon Common Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent shall hereinafter be
referred to as the "Exchange Fund."   2.2 EXCHANGE PROCEDURES. The
Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent, as promptly as
practicable after the Effective Time, to mail to each holder of a Certificate
(i) a letter of transmittal which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and which
letter shall be in customary form and have such other provisions as Dianon
may reasonably specify and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of
such Certificates in exchange for the applicable Merger Consideration.
Upon surrender of a Certificate to the Exchange Agent together with such
letter of transmittal, duly executed and completed in accordance with the
instructions thereto, and such other documents as may reasonably be required
by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor (A) one or more shares of Dianon Common Stock
(which shall be in uncertificated book-entry form unless a physical
certificate is requested) representing, in the aggregate, the whole number of
shares that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 1.7
(after taking into account all shares of UroCor Common Stock then held by
such holder) and (B) a check in the amount equal to the cash that such holder
has the right to receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article II,
including cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Dianon Common Stock
pursuant to Section 2.5 and dividends and other distributions pursuant to
Section 2.3, and in each case the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith
be cancelled. No interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash payable
pursuant to Section 2.3 or Section 2.5. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of UroCor Common Stock which is not registered in the transfer
records of UroCor, one or more shares of Dianon Common Stock evidencing, in
the aggregate, the proper number of shares of Dianon Common Stock and a check
in the proper amount of cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Dianon
Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends or other distributions
to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.3, may be issued with
respect to such UroCor Common Stock to such a transferee if the Certificate
representing such shares of UroCor Common Stock is presented to the Exchange
Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such
transfer and to evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have
been paid as the Exchange Agent may require.   2.3 DISTRIBUTIONS WITH
RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES. No dividends or other distributions declared
or made with respect to shares of Dianon Common Stock with a record date
after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Certificate with respect to the shares of Dianon Common Stock that such
holder would be entitled to receive upon surrender of such Certificate and no
cash payment in lieu of fractional shares of Dianon Common Stock shall
be paid to any such holder pursuant to Section 2.5 until such holder
shall surrender such Certificate in accordance with Section 2.2. Subject to
the effect of applicable laws, following surrender of any such Certificate,
there shall be paid to such holder of shares of Dianon Common Stock issuable
in exchange therefor, without interest, (a) promptly after the time of such
surrender, the amount of any cash payable in lieu of fractional shares of
Dianon Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.5
and the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after
the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares of
Dianon Common Stock, and (b) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time
but prior to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to such surrender
payable with respect to such shares of Dianon Common Stock.   2.4 NO
FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN UROCOR COMMON STOCK. All shares of Dianon Common
Stock issued and cash paid upon conversion of shares of UroCor Common Stock
in accordance with the terms of Article I and this Article II (including any
cash paid pursuant to Section 2.3 or 2.5) shall be deemed to have been issued
or paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of UroCor
Common Stock.   2.5 NO FRACTIONAL SHARES OF DIANON COMMON STOCK. (a) No
certificates or scrip or shares of Dianon Common Stock representing
fractional shares of Dianon Common Stock or book-entry credit of the same
shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates and such
fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to
have any rights of a stockholder of Dianon or a holder of shares of Dianon
Common Stock.   (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
each holder of shares of UroCor Common Stock exchanged pursuant to the Merger
who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of
Dianon Common Stock (after taking into account all Certificates delivered by
such holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an
amount equal to the product of (i) such fractional part of a share of Dianon
Common Stock multiplied by (ii) the closing price for a share of Dianon
Common Stock on the Nasdaq on the date of the Effective Time or, if such date
is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately following the date on
which the Effective Time occurs. Such cash consideration issued in lieu of
fractional shares will not exceed 1% of the total Merger Consideration.  
(c) As promptly as practicable after the determination of the amount of cash,
if any, to be paid to holders of fractional interests, the Exchange Agent
shall so notify Dianon, and Dianon shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
deposit such amount with the Exchange Agent and shall cause the
Exchange Agent to forward payments to such holders of fractional interests
subject to and in accordance with the terms hereof.   2.6 TERMINATION OF
EXCHANGE FUND. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed
to the holders of Certificates for six months after the Effective Time shall
be delivered to Dianon or otherwise on the instruction of Dianon, and any
holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this
Article II shall thereafter look only to Dianon for the Merger Consideration
with respect to the shares of UroCor Common Stock formerly represented
thereby to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section 1.7 and
Section 2.2, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Dianon Common Stock
to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends
or distributions with respect to shares of Dianon Common Stock to which
such holders are entitled pursuant to Section 2.3. Any such portion of the
Exchange Fund remaining unclaimed by holders of shares of UroCor Common Stock
five years after the Effective Time (or such earlier date immediately prior
to such time as such amounts would otherwise escheat to or become property of
any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 3.1(c)(iii)) shall, to the
extent permitted by law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation
free and clear of any claims or interest of any Person (as defined in Section
8.11(h)) previously entitled thereto.   2.7 NO LIABILITY. None of Dianon,
Merger Sub, UroCor, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be
liable to any Person in respect of any Merger Consideration from the Exchange
Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar law.   2.8 INVESTMENT OF THE EXCHANGE FUND. The
Exchange Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as
directed by Dianon on a daily basis; provided, that no such gain or loss
thereon shall affect the amounts payable to UroCor stockholders pursuant to
Article I and the other provisions of this Article II. Any interest and other
income resulting from such investments shall promptly be paid to Dianon.  
2.9 LOST CERTIFICATES. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or
destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if
required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond
in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate, the Exchange Agent will deliver in exchange for such lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect to the shares of UroCor Common Stock formerly represented thereby,
any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Dianon Common Stock, and unpaid
dividends and distributions on shares of Dianon Common Stock deliverable in
respect thereof, pursuant to this Agreement.   2.10 WITHHOLDING RIGHTS.
Each of the Surviving Corporation and Dianon shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement
to any holder of shares of UroCor Common Stock such amounts as it is required
to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the
Code and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any provision
of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so
withheld by the Surviving Corporation or Dianon, as the case may be, such
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the shares of UroCor Common Stock in
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by the
Surviving Corporation or Dianon, as the case may be.   2.11 FURTHER
ASSURANCES. At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of
the Surviving Corporation will be authorized to execute and deliver, in the
name and on behalf of UroCor or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale,
assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of
UroCor or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or
confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all
right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties
or assets acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result
of, or in connection with, the Merger.   2.12 STOCK TRANSFER BOOKS. The
stock transfer books of UroCor shall be closed immediately upon the Effective
Time and there shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of
UroCor Common Stock thereafter on the records of UroCor. On or after the
Effective Time, any Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent or Dianon
for any reason shall be converted into the Merger Consideration with respect
to the shares of UroCor Common Stock formerly represented thereby (including
any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Dianon Common Stock to which the
holders thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 2.5) and any dividends or
other distributions to which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to
Section 2.3.   2.13 AFFILIATES. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no certificates representing
shares of Dianon Common Stock or cash shall be delivered to a Person who may
be deemed an "affiliate" of UroCor in accordance with Section 5.13 hereof for
purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") until such Person has executed and delivered
an Affiliate Agreement (as defined in Section 5.13) to Dianon.   ARTICLE
III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   3.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF DIANON. Except as set forth in the Dianon disclosure schedule delivered by
Dianon to UroCor prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Dianon
Disclosure Schedule") (each section of which qualifies the correspondingly
numbered representation and warranty or covenant), Dianon represents and
warrants to UroCor as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power;
Subsidiaries.   (i) Each of Dianon and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined
in  Section 8.11(i)) is duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organization, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease  and
operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being  conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized, existing and  in good standing
or to have such power and authority, in the  aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect (as defined in Section
8.11(f)) on Dianon, and is  duly qualified and in good standing to do
business in each  jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
ownership or  leasing of its properties makes such qualification necessary
other  than in such jurisdictions where the failure so to qualify or to be 
in good standing, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected  to have
a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon. The copies of the  certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of Dianon which were  previously furnished or made
available to UroCor are true, complete  and correct copies of such documents
as in effect on the date of  this Agreement.   (ii) Section 3.1(a)(ii) of
the Dianon Disclosure Schedule sets  forth all of the Subsidiaries of Dianon.
All the outstanding shares  of capital stock of, or other equity interests
in, each such  Subsidiary have been validly issued and are fully paid and 
non-assessable and are, except as set forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii) of  the
Dianon Disclosure Schedule, owned directly or indirectly by  Dianon, free and
clear of all pledges, claims, liens, charges,  encumbrances, mortgages and
security interests of any kind or nature  whatsoever (collectively "Liens")
and free of any other restriction  (including any restriction on the right to
vote, sell or otherwise  dispose of such capital stock or other ownership
interests), except  for restrictions imposed by applicable securities
laws.   (b) Capital Structure.   (i) As of June 26, 2001, the authorized
capital stock of  Dianon consisted of (A) 20,000,000 shares of Dianon Common
Stock of  which 7,430,034 shares were outstanding and 10,684 shares were
held  in the treasury of Dianon and (B) 5,000,000 shares of Preferred 
Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which 100,000 shares have been 
designated Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and  reserved for
issuance upon exercise of the rights (the "Dianon  Rights") distributed to
the holders of Dianon Common Stock pursuant  to the Rights Agreement, dated
as of April 29, 1994, as amended as  of October 4, 1995, between Dianon and
American Stock and Trust  Company (the "Dianon Rights Agreement"). Since June
26, 2001 to the  date of this Agreement, there have been no issuances of
shares of  the capital stock of Dianon or any other securities of Dianon
other  than issuances of shares pursuant to options or rights outstanding 
as of June 26, 2001 under the Dianon Benefit Plans (as defined in  Section
3.1(q)) of Dianon. All issued and outstanding shares of the  capital stock of
Dianon are, and when shares of Dianon Common Stock  are issued in the Merger
or upon exercise of stock options converted  in the Merger pursuant to
Section 1.8, such shares will be, duly  authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable and free  of any preemptive rights. Except as
disclosed in Section 3.1(b)(i)  of the Dianon Disclosure Schedule, there were
outstanding as of June  13, 2001 no options, warrants or other rights to
acquire capital  stock from Dianon other than (x) the Dianon Rights and (y)
options,  restricted stock and other rights to acquire capital stock from 
Dianon representing in the aggregate the right to purchase 1,353,416  shares
of Dianon Common Stock (collectively, the "Dianon Stock  Options") under
Dianon\'s 1991 Stock Incentive Plan, 1996 Stock  Incentive Plan 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan, and 2000 Stock Incentive  Plan (collectively, the "Dianon
Stock Option Plans") and under  contractual commitments to issue options.
Section 3.1(b)(i) of the  Dianon Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete
and correct list,  as of June 26, 2001, of the number of shares of Dianon
Common Stock  subject to Dianon Stock Options or other rights to purchase
or  receive Dianon Common Stock granted under the Dianon Benefit Plans  or
otherwise, the dates of grant and the exercise prices thereof.  Except as set
forth in Section 3.1(b)(i) of the Dianon Disclosure  Schedule, no options,
warrants or other rights to acquire capital  stock from Dianon have been
issued or granted since June 26, 2001 to  the date of this Agreement. All
Dianon Stock Options are evidenced  by stock option agreements in the forms
attached as Exhibit A to  Section 3.1(b)(i) of the Dianon Disclosure
Schedule, and no stock  option agreement contains terms that are inconsistent
with such  forms.   (ii) No bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness
of  Dianon having the right to vote on any matters on which stockholders  of
Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries may vote ("Dianon Voting Debt")  are issued
or outstanding or subject to issuance.   (iii) Except as otherwise set forth
in this Section 3.1(b)  (including pursuant to the conversion or exercise of
the securities  referred to above) or as set forth in Section 3.1(b)(iii) of
the  Dianon Disclosure Schedule, (x) there are not issued, reserved for 
issuance or outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock or other  voting
securities of Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries (other than  shares of
capital stock or other voting securities of such  Subsidiaries that are
directly or indirectly owned by Dianon), (B)  any securities of Dianon or any
of its Subsidiaries convertible into  or exchangeable or exercisable for
shares of capital stock or other  voting securities of, or other ownership
interests in, Dianon or any  of its Subsidiaries or (C) any warrants, calls,
options or other  rights to acquire from Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries,
and no  obligation of Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any 
capital stock or other voting securities of, or other ownership  interests
in, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or  exercisable for
any capital stock or other voting securities of, or  other ownership
interests in, Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries and  (y) there are not any
outstanding obligations of Dianon or any of  its Subsidiaries to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any such  securities or to issue, deliver or
sell, or cause to be issued,  delivered or sold, any such securities. Dianon
is not a party to any  voting agreement with respect to the voting of any
such securities.  Other than the capital stock of, or other equity interests
in, its  Subsidiaries, or as set forth in Section 3.1(b)(iii) of the Dianon 
Disclosure Schedule, Dianon does not directly or indirectly  beneficially own
any securities or other beneficial ownership  interests in any other
entity.   (c) Authority; No Conflicts.   (i) Dianon has all requisite
corporate power and authority to  enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions  contemplated hereby, subject to obtaining the requisite
stockholder  approval of the issuance of the shares of Dianon Common Stock to
be  issued in the Merger (the "Share Issuance"), and in the event the 
Alternative Merger Structure is implemented, the adoption of this  Agreement
and approval of the merger of UroCor with and into Dianon  by a majority of
the outstanding shares of Dianon Common Stock (such  stockholder approval of
(i) the Share Issuance and (ii) this  Agreement if the Alternative Merger
Structure is implemented,  together the "Dianon Stockholder Approvals"). The
execution and  delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary  corporate action on the part of Dianon, subject to obtaining the 
Dianon Stockholder Approvals. This Agreement has been duly executed  and
delivered by Dianon and constitutes a valid and binding  agreement of Dianon,
enforceable against it in accordance with its  terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,  insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws relating to  or affecting creditors generally or
by general equity principles  (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a  proceeding in equity or at law).   (ii) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Dianon  does not or will not, as the case may
be, and the consummation by  Dianon of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby  will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of,
or  constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or  both)
under, or give rise to a right of, or result by its terms in,  termination,
amendment, cancellation or acceleration of any  obligation or the loss of a
material benefit under, or the creation  of a lien, pledge, security
interest, charge or other encumbrance  on, or the loss of, any assets,
including Intellectual Property  Rights (as defined in Section 3.1(k)) (any
such conflict, violation,  default, right of termination, amendment,
cancellation or  acceleration, loss or creation, a "Violation") pursuant to:
(A) any  provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Dianon
or  any Subsidiary of Dianon, or (B) except as, in the aggregate, would  not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  Dianon, subject
to obtaining or making the consents, approvals,  orders, authorizations, __
registrations, declarations and filings  referred to in paragraph (iii)
below, (x) any loan or credit  agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease or other contract,  agreement, obligation, commitment, arrangement,
understanding,  instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license or
similar  authorization (each, a "Contract") applicable to Dianon or any of 
its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, (y) any  judgment,
order or decree or (z) any statute, law, ordinance, rule  or regulation, in
each case applicable to Dianon or any of its  Subsidiaries or their
respective properties or assets.   (iii) No consent, approval, order or
authorization of, or  registration, declaration or filing with, any
supranational,  national, state, municipal, local or foreign government,
any  instrumentality, subdivision, court, administrative agency or 
commission or other authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental or  private
body exercising any regulatory, taxing, importing or other  governmental or
quasi-governmental authority (a "Governmental  Entity"), is required by or
with respect to Dianon or any Subsidiary  of Dianon in connection with the
execution and delivery of this  Agreement by Dianon or the consummation of
the Merger and the other  transactions contemplated hereby, except for those
required under or  in relation to (A) the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act  of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (B) state securities
or "blue  sky" laws (the "Blue Sky Laws"), (C) the Securities Act, (D) the 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), (E) the DGCL  with
respect to the filing of the Certificate of Merger, (F) rules  and
regulations of the Nasdaq, (G) antitrust or other competition  laws of other
jurisdictions, (H) Medicare/Medicaid, the Clinical  Laboratories Improvement
Act of 1976, as amended by the Clinical  Laboratory Improvement Amendments of
1988, the Food and Drug  Administration rules and regulations, the U.S.
Nuclear Regulatory  Commission rules and regulations or other similar laws,
rules and  regulations, and (I) such consents, approvals, orders, 
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings the failures  of
which to make or obtain, in the aggregate, would not reasonably  be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon. Consents,  approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and  filings required under or in
relation to any of the foregoing  clauses (A) through (H) are hereinafter
referred to as "Necessary  Consents."   (d) Reports and Financial
Statements.   (i) Dianon has filed all required registration statements, 
prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements and other  documents
required to be filed by it with the SEC since January 1,  1998 (collectively,
including all exhibits thereto, the "Dianon SEC  Reports"). No Subsidiary of
Dianon is required to file any form,  report, registration statement,
prospectus or other document with  the SEC. None of the Dianon SEC Reports,
as of their respective  dates (and, if amended or superseded by a filing
prior to the date  of this Agreement or the Closing Date, then on the date of
such  filing), contained or will contain any untrue statement of a  material
fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact  required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements  therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made,  not misleading. Each of the
financial statements (including the  related notes) included in the Dianon
SEC Reports presents fairly,  in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position and  consolidated results of operations and cash flows of
Dianon and its  consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates or for
the  respective periods set forth therein, all in conformity with  generally
accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") consistently  applied during the
periods involved except as otherwise noted  therein, and subject, in the case
of the unaudited interim financial  statements, to the absence of notes and
normal and recurring  year-end adjustments that have not been and are not
expected to be  material in amount. All of such Dianon SEC Reports, as of
their  respective dates (and as of the date of any amendment to the 
respective Dianon SEC Report), complied as to form in all material  respects
with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and  the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated  thereunder.   (ii) Except as
disclosed in the Dianon SEC Reports filed prior  to the date hereof, since
December 31, 2000, Dianon and its  Subsidiaries have not incurred any
liabilities that are of a nature  that would be required to be disclosed on a
balance sheet of Dianon  and its Subsidiaries or the footnotes thereto
prepared in conformity  with GAAP, other than liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of  business that, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon.   (e) Information
Supplied.   (i) None of the information supplied or to be supplied by 
Dianon for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (A) the Form  S-4 (as
defined in Section 5.1) will, at the time the Form S-4 is  filed with the
SEC, at any time it is amended or supplemented or at  the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain any  untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material  fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the  statements therein not misleading and (B)
the Joint Proxy  Statement/Prospectus (as defined in Section 5.1) will, on
the date  it is first mailed to UroCor stockholders or Dianon stockholders
or  at the time of the UroCor Stockholders Meeting or the Dianon 
Stockholders Meeting (each as defined in Section 5.1), contain any  untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material  fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the  statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they  were made, not misleading. The
Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy  Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in
all material respects  with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
Securities Act and  the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.   (ii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section  3.1(e), no
representation or warranty is made by Dianon with respect  to statements made
or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or  the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus based on information supplied  by UroCor for inclusion
or incorporation by reference therein.   (f) Board Approval. The Board of
Directors of Dianon, by resolutions duly adopted by unanimous vote of those
voting at a meeting duly called and held and not subsequently rescinded or
modified in any way (the "Dianon Board Approval"), has duly (i) determined
that this Agreement and the Merger are advisable and are fair to and in the
best interests of Dianon and its stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement,
the Merger, and the Share Issuance and (iii) recommended that the
stockholders of Dianon approve the Share Issuance and directed that the Share
Issuance be submitted for consideration by Dianon\'s stockholders at the
Dianon Stockholders Meeting. The Dianon Board Approval constitutes approval
of this Agreement and the Merger for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL. To
the knowledge of Dianon, except for Section 203 of the DGCL (which has been
rendered inapplicable), no state takeover statute is applicable to this
Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (g)
Vote Required. The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast
by the holders of Dianon Common Stock, provided that the total votes cast
represents a majority of the outstanding shares of Dianon Common Stock, is
the only vote necessary to approve the Share Issuance. In the event the
Alternative Merger Structure is implemented, the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Dianon Common Stock to
adopt this Agreement and approve the merger of UroCor with and into Dianon is
the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Dianon capital stock
necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve such merger.   (h)
Litigation; Compliance with Laws.   (i) Except as disclosed in the Dianon
SEC Reports filed prior  to the date of this Agreement, there are no (a)
suits, actions or  proceedings (collectively "Actions") pending or, to the
knowledge of  Dianon, threatened, against or affecting Dianon or any
Subsidiary of  Dianon which, in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected
to have  a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon, or (b) judgments, decrees, 
injunctions, rules or orders of any Governmental Entity or  arbitrator
outstanding against Dianon or any Subsidiary of Dianon  which, in the
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect on
Dianon.   (ii) Except as disclosed in the Dianon SEC Reports filed prior 
to the date of this Agreement and except as, in the aggregate, would  not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  Dianon, Dianon
and its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses,  variances, exemptions,
orders and approvals of all Governmental  Entities which are necessary for
the operation of the businesses of  Dianon and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole (the "Dianon  Permits"). Dianon and its Subsidiaries are in compliance
with the  terms of the Dianon Permits, except where the failures to so
comply,  in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect on Dianon. Except as disclosed in the Dianon  SEC
Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, neither  Dianon nor any of
its Subsidiaries is in violation of, and Dianon  and its Subsidiaries have
not received any notices of violations  with respect to, any laws, ordinances
or regulations of any  Governmental Entity, except for violations which, in
the aggregate,  would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect  on Dianon.   (i) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except for
liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, except as disclosed in the Dianon SEC Reports filed
prior to the date of this Agreement, and except as permitted by Section 4.1,
since December 31, 2000, (i) Dianon and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
business only in the ordinary course and (ii) there has not been any action
taken by Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries during the period from December
31, 2000 through the date of this Agreement that, if taken during the period
from the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, would constitute
a breach of Section 4.1. Except as disclosed in the Dianon SEC Reports filed
prior to the date of this Agreement or as set forth in Section 3.1(i) of the
Dianon Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2000, there have not been (1)
any changes, circumstances or events which, in the aggregate, have had, or
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon, (2)
any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to any of
Dianon\'s capital stock, (3) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of
any shares of capital stock or any other securities of Dianon or any of its
Subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire such shares
or other securities, (4) any split, combination or reclassification of any of
Dianon\'s capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance
of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
shares of Dianon\'s capital stock, (5) (A) any granting by Dianon or any
of its Subsidiaries to any current or former director, consultant,
executive officer or other employee of Dianon or its Subsidiaries of any
increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits, except for normal
increases in cash compensation in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice or as was required under any employment agreements in
effect as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements
included in the Dianon SEC Reports, (B) any granting by Dianon or any of its
Subsidiaries to any such current or former director, consultant, executive
officer or employee of any increase in severance or termination pay, (C) any
amendment to, or modification of, any Dianon Stock Option or (D) any adoption
of, or amendment to, a Dianon Benefit Plan or any Dianon Benefit Agreement,
except as was required in order to comply with changes in law or applicable
regulations, (6) except insofar as may have been required by a change in
GAAP, any change in accounting methods, principles or practices by Dianon or
any of its Subsidiaries materially affecting their respective assets,
liabilities or businesses, (7) any tax election that individually or in the
aggregate would reasonably be expected to adversely affect in any
material respect the tax liability or tax attributes of Dianon or any of
its Subsidiaries, (8) any settlement or compromise of any material income
tax liability, or (9) any licensing agreement or any agreement with regard to
the acquisition or disposition of any material Intellectual Property Rights
(as defined in Section 3.1(k)) or rights thereto other than licenses by
Dianon or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice.   (j) Environmental Matters. Except as, in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon
and except as disclosed in the Dianon SEC Reports filed prior to the date of
this Agreement (i) the operations of Dianon and its Subsidiaries have been
and are in compliance with all Environmental Laws (as defined below), and
with all environmental permits and licenses possessed by Dianon, (ii) there
are no pending or, to the knowledge of Dianon, threatened, Actions under or
pursuant to Environmental Laws against Dianon or its Subsidiaries or
involving any real property currently or, to the knowledge of Dianon,
formerly owned, operated or leased by Dianon or its Subsidiaries, (iii) to
the knowledge of Dianon, Dianon and its Subsidiaries are not subject to any
Environmental Liabilities (as defined below), and, to the knowledge of
Dianon, no facts, circumstances or conditions relating to, arising from,
associated with or attributable to any real property currently or formerly
owned, operated or leased by Dianon or its Subsidiaries or operations thereon
would reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities, (iv) to
the knowledge of Dianon, all real property owned and, to the knowledge of
Dianon, all real property operated or leased by Dianon or its Subsidiaries is
free of contamination from Hazardous Material (as defined below) that would
have an adverse effect on human health or the environment or result in
Environmental Liabilities and (v) to the knowledge of Dianon, there is not
now, nor has there been in the past, on, in or under any real property owned,
leased or operated by Dianon or any of its predecessors (A) any underground
storage tanks, dikes or impoundments containing more than a reportable
quantity of any Hazardous Material, (B) any friable asbestos-containing
materials or (C) any polychlorinated biphenyls.   As used in this Agreement,
"Environmental Laws" means any and all federal, state, foreign, interstate,
local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances,
codes, enforceable requirements of any Governmental Entity, any and all
common law requirements, rules and bases of liability regulating, relating to
or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning pollution, Hazardous
Materials or protection of human health, safety or the environment, as
currently in effect, and includes the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.ss.9601, et seq., the Hazardous
Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C.ss.ss.1801, et seq., the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.ss.6901, et seq., the Clean Water
Act, 33 U.S.C.ss.ss.1251, et seq., the Clean Air Act, 33 U.S.C.ss.ss.2601, et
seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.ss.ss.2601, et seq., the
Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C.ss.ss.136, et
seq., Occupational Safety and Health Act 29 U.S.C.ss.ss.651, et seq., the
Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.ss.2011, et seq. and the Oil Pollution Act of
1990, 33 U.S.C.ss.ss.2701, et seq., as such laws have been amended or
supplemented as of the date of this Agreement, and the regulations
promulgated pursuant thereto, and all analogous state or local statutes. As
used in this Agreement, "Environmental Liabilities" with respect to any
Person means any and all liabilities of or relating to such Person or any
of its Subsidiaries (including any entity which is a predecessor of such
Person or any of such Subsidiaries), whether vested or unvested, contingent
or fixed, actual or potential, known or unknown, which (i) arise under or
relate to matters covered by Environmental Laws and (ii) relate to actions
occurring or conditions existing on or prior to the Closing Date. As used in
this Agreement, "Hazardous Materials" means any materials or wastes, defined,
listed, classified or regulated as hazardous, extremely hazardous, toxic,
solid waste, a pollutant, a contaminant or dangerous in or under any
Environmental Laws and shall include petroleum, petroleum products, medical
waste, friable asbestos, urea formaldehyde, radioactive materials (including
source, special nuclear or by-product material) and polychlorinated
biphenyls.   (k) Intellectual Property.   (i) Except as disclosed in the
Dianon SEC Reports, all  trademarks, service marks, trade names, brands,
copyrights and  patents, all applications for registration and registrations
for  such trademarks, copyrights and patents and all mask works, trade 
secrets, confidential and proprietary information, compositions of  matter,
formulas, designs, proprietary rights, know-how and  processes (all of the
foregoing collectively hereinafter referred to  as the "Intellectual Property
Rights") owned by or licensed to or  used by Dianon, and all licenses,
contracts, rights and arrangements  with respect to the foregoing, are, to
the extent material to the  conduct of the business of Dianon and its
Subsidiaries, listed and  briefly described in Section 3.1(k) of the Dianon
Disclosure  Schedule. Dianon has made available to UroCor true and complete 
copies of each of the foregoing and, to Dianon\'s knowledge, all 
Intellectual Property Rights of Dianon are valid, enforceable and in  full
force and effect. Dianon and its Subsidiaries own, free and  clear of all
Liens, or are validly licensed or otherwise have the  right to use all the
Intellectual Property Rights of Dianon which  are material to the conduct of
the business of Dianon and its  Subsidiaries.   (ii) To the knowledge of
Dianon, neither Dianon nor any of its  Subsidiaries has materially interfered
with, infringed upon,  misappropriated or otherwise come into conflict with
any  Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary information of any 
other person. Neither Dianon nor any of its Subsidiaries has  received any
written charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice  alleging any such
interference, infringement, misappropriation or  other conflict (including
any claim that Dianon or any such  Subsidiary must license or refrain from
using any Intellectual  Property Rights or other proprietary information of
any other  person) which has not been settled or otherwise fully resolved.
To  Dianon\'s knowledge, no other person has materially interfered with, 
infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise come into conflict with  any
Intellectual Property Rights of Dianon or any of its  Subsidiaries.   (iii)
As the business of Dianon and its Subsidiaries is  presently conducted and
proposed to be conducted without giving  effect to any change with respect
thereto that may be made by  UroCor, to Dianon\'s knowledge, the Surviving
Corporation\'s use after  the Closing of the Intellectual Property Rights
which are material  to the conduct of the business of Dianon and its
Subsidiaries taken  as a whole will not interfere with, infringe upon,
misappropriate or  otherwise come into conflict with the Intellectual
Property Rights  or other proprietary information of any other person.  
(l) Brokers or Finders. No agent, broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other firm or Person is or will be entitled to any broker\'s or
finder\'s fee or any other similar commission or fee in connection with any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of Dianon, except Lazard Freres and Co. LLC and J.P.
Morgan Chase HandQ;, whose fees and expenses will be paid by Dianon in
accordance with Dianon\'s agreements with such firms, copies of which have
been provided to UroCor.   (m) Opinion of Dianon Financial Advisor. Lazard
Freres and Co. LLC has delivered its oral opinion to the Board of Directors of
Dianon to the effect that, as of the date of this Agreement, the Exchange
Ratio is fair to Dianon, from a financial point of view, which opinion will
promptly after the date of this Agreement be confirmed in writing, a copy of
which opinion will be promptly delivered to UroCor.   (n) Taxes. Except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on Dianon:   (i) (A) each of Dianon and its Subsidiaries has accurately 
filed or caused to be filed in accordance with applicable law when  due all
Tax Returns (as defined below) required to have been filed  (or extensions
have been duly obtained), (B) all Tax Returns filed  by Dianon, each of its
Subsidiaries, and any Dianon consolidated  group are complete and accurate in
all respects, and (C) Dianon has  paid or caused to be paid when due all
Taxes (as defined below)  shown due on such Tax Returns or otherwise
owed.   (ii) The most recent financial statements filed in the Dianon  SEC
Reports reflect an adequate reserve for all Taxes payable by  Dianon and its
Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and portions  thereof through the date
of such financial statements. No  deficiencies for any Taxes have been
proposed, assessed, or asserted  against Dianon, any of its Subsidiaries or
any Dianon consolidated  group that are not adequately reserved for, and no
requests for  waivers of the time to assess any such Taxes have been granted
or  are pending.   (iii) The federal income Tax Returns of Dianon, each of
its  Subsidiaries and any Dianon consolidated group have been examined by 
and settled with the United States Internal Revenue Service for all  years
through December 31, 1998. All material assessments for Taxes  due with
respect to such completed and settled examinations or any  concluded
litigation have been fully paid.   (iv) Neither Dianon nor any of its
Subsidiaries has taken or  has agreed to take any action or has any knowledge
of any fact,  agreement, plan or other circumstance that is reasonably likely
to  prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the 
meaning of section 368(a) of the Code.   (v) Neither Dianon nor any of its
Subsidiaries has made a  distribution or has been the subject of a
distribution qualifying or  intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under
section 355 of the  Code (A) in the two years prior to the date of this
Agreement, or  (B) in a distribution which could otherwise constitute part of
a  "plan" or series of "related transactions" (within the meaning of 
section 355(e) of the Code) that includes the Merger.   (vi) There are no
Liens for Taxes (other than for current  Taxes not yet due and payable) on
the assets of Dianon or any of its  Subsidiaries.   (vii) None of Dianon or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to  or bound by any tax sharing agreement,
tax indemnity obligation or  similar agreement, arrangement or practice
(including any liability  for Taxes of any other person under Treasury
Regulation section  1.1502-6 or comparable provision of foreign, state or
local law)  except for any agreement or liability solely among Dianon and
its  Subsidiaries.   (viii) For purposes of this Agreement: (A) "Tax" (and
with  correlative meaning, "Taxes") means any federal, state, local or 
foreign income, gross receipts, property, sales, use, license,  estimated,
franchise, employment, payroll, withholding, alternative  or add on minimum,
ad valorem, transfer or excise tax, or any other  tax, custom, duty,
governmental fee or other like assessment or  charge of any kind whatsoever,
together with any interest, penalty,  addition to tax or additional amount
imposed by any governmental  authority or any obligation to pay Taxes imposed
on any entity for  which a party to this Agreement is liable as a result of
any  indemnification provision or other contractual obligation, and (B) 
"Tax Return" means any return, report or similar statement required  to be
filed with respect to any Tax (including any attached  schedules), including,
without limitation, any information return,  claim for refund, amended return
or declaration of estimated Tax.   (o) Contracts. Except for Contracts filed
as exhibits to Dianon\'s most recent annual report on Form 10-K or the most
recent report on Form 10-Q filed with SEC or as set forth in Section 3.1(o)
of the Dianon Disclosure Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement, none of
Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by, and none of
their properties or assets are bound by or subject to, any written or
oral:   (i) Contract not made in the ordinary course of business;   (ii)
Contract pursuant to which Dianon or any of its  Subsidiaries has agreed not
to compete with any Person or to engage  in any activity or business, or
pursuant to which any benefit is  required to be given or lost as a result of
so competing or  engaging;   (iii) Contract pursuant to which Dianon or any
of its  Subsidiaries is restricted in any material respect in the 
development, marketing or distribution of their respective products  or
services;   (iv) Contract with (A) any affiliate of Dianon or any of its 
Subsidiaries or (B) any current or former director or officer of  Dianon or
any of its Subsidiaries or of any affiliate of Dianon or  any of its
Subsidiaries or (C) any affiliate of any such Person  (other than (w)
contracts on arm\'s-length terms with companies whose  common stock is
publicly traded, (x) offer letters providing solely  for "at will"
employment, (y) invention assignment and  confidentiality agreements relating
to the assignment of inventions  to Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries not
involving the payment of  money and (z) Dianon Benefit Plans referred to in
Section 3.1(q));   (v)license or franchise granted by Dianon or any of its 
Subsidiaries pursuant to which Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries has  agreed
to refrain from granting license or franchise rights to any  other
Person;   (vi) Contract under which Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries  has
incurred any indebtedness that is currently owing or given any  guarantee in
respect of indebtedness, in each case having an  aggregate principal amount
in excess of $100,000, or granted any  pledge, mortgage or other security
interest in any property or  assets of Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries;  
(vii) Contract that is material to the conduct of the business  of Dianon and
its Subsidiaries that requires consent, approval or  waiver of or notice to a
third party in the event of or with respect  to the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by this  Agreement, including in order to
avoid termination of or a loss of  material benefit under any such
Contract;   (viii) Contract or other agreement, whether written or oral, 
that contains any guarantees as to Dianon or any of its  Subsidiaries\'
future revenues;   (ix) Contract granting a third party any license to 
Intellectual Property Rights that is not limited to the internal use  of such
third party;   (x) Contract in respect of any joint venture, partnership, 
business alliance or similar arrangement between Dianon or any of  its
Subsidiaries and any third party;   (xi) Except for the Confidentiality
Agreement, Contract  providing for a "standstill" or for confidential
treatment by Dianon  or any of its Subsidiaries of third party information
other than  non-disclosure agreements and provisions entered into by Dianon
in  the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;   (xii)
Contract granting the other party to such Contract or a  third party "most
favored nation" status that, following the Merger,  would in any way apply to
UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries (other  than Dianon and its Subsidiaries
and their products or services); or   (xiii) Contract which (i) has
aggregate future sums due from  Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries in excess
of $100,000 and is not  terminable by Dianon or any such subsidiary for a
cost of less than  $100,000 or (ii) is otherwise material to the business of
Dianon and  its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as presently conducted or
as  proposed to be conducted.   Each Contract of Dianon and its
Subsidiaries is in full force and effect and is a legal, valid and binding
agreement of Dianon or such Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of Dianon or
such Subsidiary, of each other party thereto, enforceable against Dianon or
any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, and, to the knowledge of Dianon,
against the other party or parties thereto, in each case, in accordance with
its terms, except for such failures to be in full force and effect or
enforceable that individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon. Each of
Dianon and its Subsidiaries has performed or is performing all obligations
required to be performed by it under its Contracts and is not (with or
without notice or lapse of time or both) in breach or default in any
respect thereunder, and, to the knowledge of Dianon or such subsidiary, no
other party to any of its Contracts is (with or without notice or lapse of
time or both) in breach or default in any respect thereunder except, in each
case, for such breaches that individually or in the aggregate have not had
and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Dianon.   (p) Related Party Transactions.   Except for Contracts filed as
exhibits to Dianon\'s most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with SEC
or as set forth in Section 3.1(p) of the Dianon Disclosure Schedule, no
officer, director, stockholder that is a beneficial owner (as determined in
accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of five percent or more of
Dianon Common Stock, or affiliate of Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries nor
any relative or affiliate of such officer, director or stockholder, or, to
the knowledge of Dianon, none of its key employees or the key employees of
any of its Subsidiaries, is a party to any agreement, contract, commitment,
arrangement or transaction with Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries or is
entitled to any payment or transfer of any assets from Dianon or any of
its Subsidiaries or has any material interest in any material property used
by Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries or has an interest in any customer,
supplier or provider of any services to Dianon or any of its
Subsidiaries.   (q) Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans. Since December 31,
2000, there has not been any adoption or amendment by Dianon or any of
its Subsidiaries of any collective bargaining agreement or any bonus,
pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock
ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, thrift,
savings, stock bonus, restricted stock, cafeteria, paid time off, perquisite,
fringe benefit, vacation, severance, disability, _ death benefit,
hospitalization, medical, welfare benefit or other plan, arrangement or
understanding (whether or not legally binding) maintained, contributed to or
required to be maintained or contributed to by Dianon, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any other person or entity that, together with Dianon, is
treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the
Code (a "Dianon Commonly Controlled Entity") providing benefits to any
current or former employee, officer, consultant or director of Dianon or any
of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Dianon Benefit Plans"), or any change
in any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding obligations
with respect to any Dianon Pension Plans (as defined below), or any change in
the manner in which contributions to any Dianon Pension Plans are made or the
basis on which such contributions are determined. Except for Contracts filed
as exhibits to Dianon\'s most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC, there are
no (1) employment, consulting, deferred compensation, indemnification,
severance or termination agreements or arrangements or understandings between
Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries and any current or former employee,
officer, consultant or director of Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries or (2)
agreements between Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries and any current or
former employee, officer, consultant or director of Dianon or any of its
Subsidiaries, the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which are
materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction involving Dianon
of a nature contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the "Dianon
Benefit Agreements").   (r) ERISA Compliance.   (i) Section 3.1(r)(i) of
the Dianon Disclosure Schedule  contains a list of each Dianon Benefit Plan
that is an "employee  pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of
the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) 
(sometimes referred to herein as "Dianon Pension Plans"), "employee  welfare
benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all  other Dianon
Benefit Plans and Dianon Benefit Agreements. Dianon has  made available to
UroCor true, complete and correct copies of (a)  each Dianon Benefit Plan and
Dianon Benefit Agreement (or, in the  case of any unwritten Dianon Benefit
Plan or Dianon Benefit  Agreement a description thereof), (b) the two most
recent annual  reports on Form 5500 filed with the Internal Revenue Service
with  respect to each Dianon Benefit Plan (if any such report was 
required), (c) the most recent summary plan description for each  Dianon
Benefit Plan for which such summary plan description is  required and (d)
each trust agreement and insurance or group annuity  contract relating to any
Dianon Benefit Plan.   (ii) In all material respects, each Dianon Benefit
Plan has  been administered in accordance with its terms and in accordance 
with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code, and all other 
applicable laws, including laws of foreign jurisdictions, and the  terms of
all collective bargaining agreements. All Dianon Pension  Plans intended to
be qualified have received favorable determination  letters from the Internal
Revenue Service to the effect that such  Dianon Pension Plans are qualified
and exempt from Federal income  taxes under Sections 401(a) and 501(a),
respectively, of the Code,  and no such determination letter has been revoked
nor, to the  knowledge of Dianon, has revocation been threatened, nor has
any  event occurred since the date of its most recent determination  letter
or application therefor that would adversely affect its  qualification or
materially increase its costs or require security  under Section 307 of
ERISA. All Dianon Pension Plans required to  have been approved by any
foreign Governmental Entity have been so  approved; no such approval has been
revoked (or, to the knowledge of  Dianon, has revocation been threatened) nor
has any event occurred  since the date of the most recent approval or
application therefor  relating to any such Dianon Pension Plan that would
materially  affect any such approval relating thereto or materially increase
the  costs relating thereto. Dianon has also provided to UroCor a true  and
complete list of all Dianon Pension Plan amendments as to which  a favorable
determination letter has not yet been received. There is  no pending or, to
the knowledge of Dianon, threatened litigation  relating to any Dianon
Benefit Plan.   (iii) No Dianon Pension Plan, other than any Dianon
Pension  Plan that is a "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section 
4001(a)(3) of ERISA (a "Dianon Multiemployer Pension Plan"), had, as  of the
respective last annual valuation date for each such Dianon  Pension Plan, any
"unfunded benefit liabilities" (as such term is  defined in Section
4001(a)(18) of ERISA), and there has been no  material adverse change in the
financial condition of any Dianon  Pension Plan since its last such annual
valuation date. No liability  under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA has
been or is expected  to be incurred by the Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries
with respect  to any ongoing, frozen or terminated "single-employer plan",
within  the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently or formerly 
maintained by any of them, or the single- employer plan of any  Dianon
Commonly Controlled Entity. None of Dianon, any of its  Subsidiaries, any
officer of Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries or  any of the Dianon Benefit
Plans which are subject to ERISA,  including the Dianon Pension Plans, any
trusts created thereunder or  any trustee or administrator thereof, has
engaged in a "prohibited  transaction" (as such term is defined in Section
406 of ERISA or  Section 4975 of the Code) or any other breach of fiduciary 
responsibility that could subject Dianon, any of its Subsidiaries or  any
officer of Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries to the tax on  prohibited
transactions imposed by such Section 4975 or to any  liability under Section
502(i) or 502(l) of ERISA. None of such  Dianon Benefit Plans and trusts has
been terminated, nor has there  been any "reportable event" (as that term is
defined in Section 4043  of ERISA) for which the 30-day reporting requirement
has not been  waived with respect to any Dianon Benefit Plan during the last
five  years, and no notice of a reportable event will be required to be 
filed in connection with the Merger or the other transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement. Neither Dianon nor any of its  Subsidiaries has incurred a
"complete withdrawal" or a "partial  withdrawal" (as such terms are defined
in Sections 4203 and 4205,  respectively, of ERISA) since the effective date
of such Sections  4203 and 4205 with respect to any Dianon Multiemployer
Pension Plan.  All contributions and premiums required to be made under the
terms  of any Dianon Benefit Plan as of the date hereof have been timely 
made or have been reflected on the most recent consolidated balance  sheet
filed or incorporated by reference in the Dianon SEC Reports.  Neither any
Dianon Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of any  Dianon Commonly
Controlled Entity has an "accumulated funding  deficiency" (as such term is
defined in Section 302 of ERISA or  Section 412 of the Code), whether or not
waived.   (iv) Section 3.1(r)(iv) of the Dianon Disclosure Schedule 
discloses whether each Dianon Benefit Plan that is an employee  welfare
benefit plan is (a) unfunded, (b) funded through a "welfare  benefit fund"
(as such term is defined in Section 419(e) of the  Code) or other funding
mechanism or (c) insured. Dianon and its  Subsidiaries, with respect to each
Dianon Benefit Plan that is a  "group health plan" (as such term is defined
in Section 5000(b)(1)  of the Code), comply in all material respects with the
applicable  requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code.   (v) Except as
disclosed in Section 3.1(r)(v) of the Dianon  Disclosure Schedule, none of
the execution and delivery of this  Agreement, the consummation of the Merger
or any other transaction  contemplated by this Agreement (including as a
result of any  termination of employment following the Effective Time) will
(x)  entitle any employee, officer, consultant or director of Dianon or  any
of its Subsidiaries to severance or termination pay, (y)  accelerate the time
of payment or vesting or trigger any payment or  funding (through a grantor
trust or otherwise) of compensation or  benefits under, increase the amount
payable or trigger any other  material obligation pursuant to, any of the
Dianon Benefit Plans or  Dianon Benefit Agreements or (z) result in any
breach or violation  of, or a default under, any of the Dianon Benefit Plans
or Dianon  Benefit Agreements.   (vi) Dianon and its Subsidiaries are in
compliance in all  material respects with all Federal, state, local and
foreign  requirements regarding employment. Neither Dianon nor any of its 
Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining or other labor  union
contract applicable to persons employed by Dianon or any of  its Subsidiaries
and no collective bargaining agreement is being  negotiated by Dianon or any
of its Subsidiaries. As of the date of  this Agreement, there is no labor
dispute, strike or work stoppage  against Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries
pending or, to the  knowledge of Dianon, threatened which may interfere with
the  respective business activities of Dianon or its Subsidiaries. As of 
the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge of Dianon, none of  Dianon, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective  representatives or employees
has committed an unfair labor practice  in connection with the operation of
the respective businesses of  Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries, and there is
no charge or  complaint against Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries by the
National  Labor Relations Board or any comparable governmental agency
pending  or threatened in writing.   (vii) All reports, returns and similar
documents with respect  to all Dianon Benefit Plans required to be filed with
any  Governmental Entity or distributed to any Dianon Benefit Plan 
participant have been duly and timely filed or distributed. None of  Dianon
or any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of, and to the  knowledge of
Dianon, there are no investigations by any Governmental  Entity with respect
to, termination proceedings or other claims  (except claims for benefits
payable in the normal operation of the  Dianon Benefit Plans), suits or
proceedings against or involving any  Dianon Benefit Plan or asserting any
rights or claims to benefits  under any Dianon Benefit Plan that could give
rise to any liability,  and, to the knowledge of Dianon, there are not any
facts that could  give rise to any liability in the event of any such
investigation,  claim, suit or proceeding.   (viii) None of Dianon nor any
of its Subsidiaries has any  material liability or obligations, including
under or on account of  a Dianon Benefit Plan, arising out of the hiring of
persons to  provide services to Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries and
treating  such persons as consultants or independent contractors and not as 
employees of Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries.   (s) Labor Matters. Except
where failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Dianon, Dianon is and has been in compliance with all
applicable laws of the United States, or of any state or local government or
any subdivision thereof or of any foreign government respecting employment
and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and
hours, including, without limitation, ERISA, the Code, the Immigration Reform
and Control Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the
"WARN Act"), any laws respecting employment discrimination, sexual
harassment, disability rights or benefits, equal opportunity, plant closure
issues, affirmative action, workers\' compensation, employee benefits,
severance payments, continuation of health insurance ("COBRA"), labor
relations, employee leave issues, wage and hour standards, occupational
safety and health requirements and unemployment insurance and related
matters, and is not engaged in any unfair labor practices.   3.2
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF UROCOR. Except as set forth in the UroCor
Disclosure Schedule delivered by UroCor to Dianon prior to the execution of
this Agreement (the "UroCor Disclosure Schedule") (each section of which
qualifies the correspondingly numbered representation and warranty
or covenant), UroCor represents and warrants to Dianon as follows:   (a)
Organization, Standing and Power; Subsidiaries.   (i) Each of UroCor and
each of its Subsidiaries is duly  organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of  its jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization, has the requisite  power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and to  carry on its business as now being conducted,
except where the  failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing
or to have  such power and authority, in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on UroCor, and is duly 
qualified and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction  in which
the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of  its properties
makes such qualification necessary other than in such  jurisdictions where
the failure so to qualify or to be in good  standing in the aggregate would
not reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect on UroCor. The
copies of the certificate of  incorporation and bylaws of UroCor which were
previously furnished  or made available to Dianon are true, complete and
correct copies of  such documents as in effect on the date of this
Agreement.   (ii) Section 3.2(a)(ii) of the UroCor Disclosure Schedule
sets  forth all of the Subsidiaries of UroCor. All the outstanding shares 
of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each such  Subsidiary have
been validly issued and are fully paid and  non-assessable and are, except as
set forth in Section 3.2(a)(ii) of  the UroCor Disclosure Schedule, owned
directly or indirectly by  UroCor, free and clear of all Liens and free of
any other  restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell
or  otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other ownership  interests),
except for restrictions imposed by applicable securities  laws.   (b)
Capital Structure.   (i) As of June 15, 2001, the authorized capital stock
of  UroCor consisted of (A) 20,000,000 shares of UroCor Common Stock, of 
which 9,954,113 shares were outstanding and 1,181,188 shares were  held in
the treasury of UroCor and (B) 6,000,000 shares of Preferred  Stock, par
value $0.01 per share, none of which were outstanding and  50,000 shares of
which have been designated Series I Preferred Stock  and reserved for
issuance upon exercise of the rights (the "UroCor  Rights") distributed to
the holders of UroCor Common Stock pursuant  to the Rights Agreement dated as
of August 17, 1998, between UroCor  and American Stock Transfer and Trust
Company (the "UroCor Rights  Agreement"). Since June 15, 2001 to the date of
this Agreement,  there have been no issuances of shares of the capital stock
of  UroCor or any other securities of UroCor other than issuances of  shares
(and accompanying UroCor Rights) pursuant to options or  rights outstanding
as of June 15, 2001 under the UroCor Benefit  Plans (as defined in Section
3.2(r)). All issued and outstanding  shares of the capital stock of UroCor
are duly authorized, validly  issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and no
class of capital stock  is entitled to preemptive rights. There were
outstanding as of June  15, 2001 no options, warrants or other rights to
acquire capital  stock from UroCor other than (x) the UroCor Rights and (y)
options  and other rights to acquire capital stock of UroCor representing
in  the aggregate the right to purchase 1,631,254 shares of UroCor  Common
Stock (collectively, the "UroCor Stock Options") under the  UroCor Second
Amended and Restated 1992 Stock Option Plan, as  amended (the "UroCor 1992
Plan"), and the UroCor 1997 Non-Employee  Director Stock Option Plan, as
amended (the "UroCor 1997 Plan")  (collectively, the "UroCor Stock Option
Plans") and under  contractual commitments to issue options, and (z) the
UroCor 1997  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "UroCor 1997 ESP Plan").
Section  3.2(b) of the UroCor Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and 
correct list, as of June 15, 2001, of the number of shares of UroCor  Common
Stock subject to UroCor Stock Options or other rights to  purchase or receive
UroCor Common Stock granted under the UroCor  Benefit Plans or otherwise, the
dates of grant and the exercise  prices thereof. Except as set forth in
Section 3.2(b)(i) of the  UroCor Disclosure Schedule, no options or warrants
or other rights  to acquire capital stock from UroCor have been issued or
granted  since June 15, 2001 to the date of this Agreement. All UroCor
Stock  Options are evidenced by stock option agreements in the forms 
attached as Exhibit A to Section 3.2(b)(i) of the UroCor Disclosure 
Schedule, and no stock option agreement contains terms that are  inconsistent
with such forms.   (ii) No bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness
of  UroCor having the right to vote on any matters on which stockholders  of
UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries may vote ("UroCor Voting Debt")  are issued
or outstanding or subject to issuance.   (iii) Except as otherwise set forth
in this Section 3.2(b),  (including pursuant to the conversion or exercise of
the securities  referred to above), (x) there are not issued, reserved for
issuance  or outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock or other voting 
securities of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries (other than shares  of
capital stock or other voting securities of such Subsidiaries  that are
directly or indirectly owned by UroCor), (B) any securities  of UroCor or any
of its Subsidiaries convertible into or  exchangeable or exercisable for
shares of capital stock or other  voting securities of, or other ownership
interests in, UroCor or any  of its Subsidiaries or (C) any warrants, calls,
options or other  rights to acquire from UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries,
and no  obligation of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any 
capital stock or other voting securities of, or other ownership  interests
in, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or  exercisable for
any capital stock or other voting securities of, or  other ownership
interests in, UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries and  (y) there are not any
outstanding obligations of UroCor or any of  its Subsidiaries to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any such  securities or to issue, deliver or
sell, or cause to be issued,  delivered or sold, any such securities. UroCor
is not a party to any  voting agreement with respect to the voting of any
such securities.  Other than the capital stock of, or other equity interests
in, its  Subsidiaries, or as set forth in Section 3.2(b)(iii) of the UroCor 
Disclosure Schedule, UroCor does not directly or indirectly  beneficially own
any securities or other beneficial ownership  interests in any other
entity.   (c) Authority; No Conflicts.   (i) UroCor has all requisite
corporate power and authority to  enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions  contemplated hereby, including the Alternative Merger
Structure, if  implemented, subject in the case of the consummation of the
Merger  to the adoption of this Agreement by the Required UroCor Vote (as 
defined in Section 3.2(g)). The execution and delivery of this  Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated  hereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action  on the part of UroCor, subject
in the case of the consummation of  the Merger to the adoption of this
Agreement by the Required UroCor  Vote. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by UroCor  and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of
UroCor, enforceable  against it in accordance with its terms, except as
such  enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting 
creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of  whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity  or at law).  
(ii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by UroCor  does not or will
not, as the case may be, and the consummation by  UroCor of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby  will not, conflict with, or
result in a Violation pursuant to: (A)  any provision of the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of  UroCor or any Subsidiary of UroCor or (B) except
as, in the  aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect on UroCor, subject to obtaining or making the  consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,  declarations and filings
referred to in paragraph (iii) below, (x)  any Contract applicable to UroCor
or any of its Subsidiaries or  their respective properties or assets, (y) any
judgment, order or  decree or (z) any statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation, in  each case applicable to UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries or
their  respective properties or assets.   (iii) No consent, approval, order
or authorization of, or  registration, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is  required by or with respect to UroCor or any
Subsidiary of UroCor in  connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by  UroCor or the consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions  contemplated hereby, including the Alternative Merger
Structure, if  implemented, except for the Necessary Consents and such
consents,  approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations
and  filings the failure of which to make or obtain, in the aggregate, 
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect  on
UroCor.   (d) Reports and Financial Statements.   (i) UroCor has filed all
required registration statements,  prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other  documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since
January 1,  1998 (collectively, including all exhibits thereto, the "UroCor
SEC  Reports"). No Subsidiary of UroCor is required to file any form, 
report, registration statement or prospectus or other document with  the SEC.
None of the UroCor SEC Reports, as of their respective  dates (and, if
amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date  of this Agreement or the
Closing Date, then on the date of such  filing), contained or will contain
any untrue statement of a  material fact or omitted or will omit to state a
material fact  required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made,  not misleading. Each of the financial statements (including the 
related notes) included in the UroCor SEC Reports presents fairly,  in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position and  consolidated
results of operations and cash flows of UroCor and its  consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the respective dates or for the  respective periods set
forth therein, all in conformity with GAAP  consistently applied during the
periods involved except as otherwise  noted therein, and subject, in the case
of the unaudited interim  financial statements, to the absence of notes and
normal and  recurring year-end adjustments that have not been and are not 
expected to be material in amount. All of such UroCor SEC Reports,  as of
their respective dates (and as of the date of any amendment to  the
respective UroCor SEC Report), complied as to form in all  material respects
with the applicable requirements of the Securities  Act and the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated  thereunder.   (ii) Except as
disclosed in the UroCor SEC Reports filed prior  to the date hereof, since
December 31, 2000, UroCor and its  Subsidiaries have not incurred any
liabilities that are of a nature  that would be required to be disclosed on a
balance sheet of UroCor  and its Subsidiaries or the footnotes thereto
prepared in conformity  with GAAP, other than liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of  business that, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect on UroCor.   (iii) The total
amount of UroCor\'s long term debt outstanding  as of May 31, 2001 was
$1,100,000, consisting of the non-current  portion of lease obligations and
deferred compensation, and such  amount will not exceed $1,100,000 as of the
Effective Time.   (e) Information Supplied.   (i) None of the information
supplied or to be supplied by  UroCor for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in (A) the Form  S-4 will, at the time the Form S-4 is filed with
the SEC, at any  time it is amended or supplemented or at the time it
becomes  effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement
of  a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be 
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading,
and (B) the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, on  the date it is first
mailed to UroCor stockholders or Dianon  stockholders or at the time of the
UroCor Stockholders Meeting or  the Dianon Stockholders Meeting, contain any
untrue statement of a  material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be  stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein,  in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading. The UroCor Proxy Statement included in the Form S-4 and  in the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in  all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and  the Securities Act
and the rules and regulations of the SEC  thereunder.   (ii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section  3.2(e), no
representation or warranty is made by UroCor with respect  to statements made
or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or  the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus based on information supplied  by Dianon or Merger Sub
for inclusion or incorporation by reference  therein.   (f) Board Approval.
The Board of Directors of UroCor, by resolutions duly adopted by unanimous
vote of those voting at a meeting duly called and held and not subsequently
rescinded or modified in any way (the "UroCor Board Approval"), has duly (i)
determined that this Agreement and the Merger are advisable and are fair to
and in the best interests of UroCor and its stockholders, (ii) approved this
Agreement and the Merger and (iii) recommended that the stockholders of
UroCor adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and directed that this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby be submitted for
consideration by UroCor\'s stockholders at the UroCor Stockholders Meeting.
The UroCor Board Approval constitutes approval of this Agreement and the
Merger for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL. To the knowledge of
UroCor, except for Section 203 of the DGCL (which has been rendered
inapplicable), no state takeover statute is applicable to this Agreement, the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.   (g) Vote
Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of UroCor Common Stock to adopt this Agreement and approve
the Merger is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of UroCor
capital stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby. In the event the
Alternative Merger Structure is implemented, the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of UroCor Common Stock to
adopt this Agreement and approve the merger of UroCor with and into Dianon is
the only vote of the holders of any class or series of UroCor capital stock
necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve such merger. As used herein,
the "Required UroCor Vote" shall mean the vote described in the first
sentence of this Section 3.2(g), unless the Alternative Merger Structure is
implemented, in which case such term shall mean the vote described in the
second sentence of this Section 3.2(g).   (h) Litigation; Compliance with
Laws.   (i) Except as disclosed in the UroCor SEC Reports filed prior  to
the date of this Agreement, there are no (a) Actions pending or,  to the
knowledge of UroCor, threatened, against or affecting UroCor  or any
Subsidiary of UroCor which, in the aggregate, would  reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on UroCor,  or (b) judgments, decrees,
injunctions, rules or orders of any  Governmental Entity or arbitrator
outstanding against UroCor or any  Subsidiary of UroCor which, in the
aggregate, would reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
UroCor.   (ii) Except as disclosed in the UroCor SEC Reports filed prior 
to the date of the Agreement and except as would, in the aggregate,  not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  UroCor, UroCor
and its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses,  variances, exemptions,
orders and approvals of all Governmental  Entities necessary for the
operation of the businesses of UroCor and  its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole
(the "UroCor Permits"). UroCor  and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with
the terms of the UroCor  Permits, except where the failures to so comply, in
the aggregate,  would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect  on UroCor. Except as disclosed in the UroCor SEC Reports filed
prior  to the date of this Agreement, neither UroCor nor its Subsidiaries 
is in violation of, and UroCor and its Subsidiaries have not  received any
notices of violations with respect to, any laws,  ordinances or regulations
of any Governmental Entity, except for  violations which, in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected  to have a Material Adverse Effect on
UroCor.   (i) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except for liabilities 
incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions  contemplated
hereby, or as disclosed in the UroCor SEC Reports filed prior  to the date of
this Agreement or as set forth in Section 3.2(i) of the  UroCor Disclosure
Schedule, or as permitted by Section 4.2, since December  31, 2000, (i)
UroCor and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business  only in the
ordinary course and (ii) there has not been any action taken  by UroCor or
any of its Subsidiaries during the period from December 31,  2000 through the
date of this Agreement that, if taken during the period  from the date of
this Agreement through the Effective Time, would  constitute a breach of
Section 4.2. Except as disclosed in the UroCor SEC  Reports filed prior to
the date of this Agreement, since December 31,  2000, there has not been (1)
any changes, circumstances or events which,  in the aggregate, have had, or
would reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect on UroCor,
(2) any declaration, setting aside or  payment of any dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or  property) with respect to any of
UroCor\'s capital stock, (3) any purchase,  redemption or other acquisition
of any shares of capital stock or any  other securities of UroCor or any of
its Subsidiaries or any options,  warrants, calls or rights to acquire such
shares or other securities, (4)  any split, combination or reclassification
of any of UroCor\'s capital  stock or any issuance or the authorization of
any issuance of any other  securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
substitution for shares of  UroCor\'s capital stock, (5) (A) any granting by
UroCor or any of its  Subsidiaries to any current or former director,
consultant, executive  officer or other employee of UroCor or its
Subsidiaries of any increase in  compensation, bonus or other benefits,
except for normal increases in cash  compensation in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past  practice or as was required under any
employment agreements in effect as  of the date of the most recent audited
financial statements included in  the UroCor SEC Reports, (B) any granting by
UroCor or any of its  Subsidiaries to any such current or former director,
consultant, executive  officer or employee of any increase in severance or
termination pay, (C)  any amendment to, or modification of, any UroCor Stock
Option, (D) any  adoption of, or amendment to, a UroCor Benefit Plan or
UroCor Benefit  Agreements, or (E) any payment of a bonus or other benefit to
any current  or former employee or director of UroCor, including, without
limitation,  pursuant to the UroCor 2001 Employee Bonus Plan (the "UroCor
2001 Bonus  Plan"), (6) except insofar as may have been required by a change
in GAAP,  any change in accounting methods, principles or practices by UroCor
or any  of its Subsidiaries materially affecting their respective assets, 
liabilities or businesses, (7) any tax election that individually or in  the
aggregate would reasonably be expected to adversely affect in any  material
respect the tax liability or tax attributes of UroCor or any of  its
Subsidiaries, (8) any settlement or compromise of any material income  tax
liability, or (9) any licensing agreement or any agreement with regard  to
the acquisition or disposition of any material Intellectual Property  Rights
or rights thereto other than licenses by UroCor or its Subsidiaries  in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   (j)
Environmental Matters. Except as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on UroCor and except as disclosed
in the UroCor SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, (i) the
operations of UroCor and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance
with all Environmental Laws and with all environmental permits and licenses
possessed by UroCor, (ii) there are no pending or, to the knowledge
of UroCor, threatened, Actions under or pursuant to Environmental Laws
against UroCor or its Subsidiaries or involving any real property currently
or, to the knowledge of UroCor, formerly owned, operated or leased by UroCor
or its Subsidiaries, (iii) to the knowledge of UroCor, UroCor and its
Subsidiaries are not subject to any Environmental Liabilities and, to the
knowledge of UroCor, no facts, circumstances or conditions relating to,
arising from, associated with or attributable to any real property currently
or formerly owned, operated or leased by UroCor or its Subsidiaries or
operations thereon would reasonably be expected to result in Environmental
Liabilities, (iv) to the knowledge of UroCor, all real property owned and all
real property operated or leased by UroCor or its Subsidiaries is free of
contamination from Hazardous Material that would have an adverse effect on
human health or the environment or result in Environmental Liability, and (v)
to the knowledge of UroCor, there is not now, nor has there been in the past,
on, in or under any real property owned, leased or operated by UroCor or any
of its predecessors (A) any underground storage tanks, dikes or impoundments
containing more than a reportable quantity of any Hazardous Material, (B) any
friable asbestos-containing materials or (c) any polychlorinated
biphenyls.   (k) Intellectual Property. (i) Except as disclosed in the
UroCor SEC Reports, no Intellectual Property Rights owned by or licensed to
or used by UroCor or licenses, contracts, rights and arrangements with
respect to the foregoing, are material to the conduct of the business of
UroCor and its Subsidiaries. To UroCor\'s knowledge, all Intellectual
Property Rights of UroCor are valid, enforceable and in full force and
effect. UroCor and its Subsidiaries own, free and clear of all Liens, or are
validly licensed or otherwise have the right to use, all the Intellectual
Property Rights of UroCor which are material to the conduct of the business
of UroCor and its Subsidiaries.   (ii) To the knowledge of UroCor, neither
UroCor nor any of its  Subsidiaries has materially interfered with, infringed
upon,  misappropriated or otherwise come into conflict with any 
Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary information of any  other
person. Neither UroCor nor any of its Subsidiaries has  received any written
charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice  alleging any such interference,
infringement, misappropriation or  other conflict (including any claim that
UroCor or any such  Subsidiary must license or refrain from using any
Intellectual  Property Rights or other proprietary information of any other 
person) which has not been settled or otherwise fully resolved. To  UroCor\'s
knowledge, no other person has materially interfered with,  infringed upon,
misappropriated or otherwise come into conflict with  any Intellectual
Property Rights of UroCor or any of its  Subsidiaries.   (iii) As the
business of UroCor and its Subsidiaries is  presently conducted and proposed
to be conducted without giving  effect to any change with respect thereto
that may be made by  Dianon, to UroCor\'s knowledge, the Surviving
Corporation\'s use after  the Closing of the Intellectual Property Rights
which are material  to the conduct of the business of UroCor and its
Subsidiaries taken  as a whole will not interfere with, infringe upon,
misappropriate or  otherwise come into conflict with the Intellectual
Property Rights  or other proprietary information of any other person.  
(l) Brokers or Finders. No agent, broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other firm or Person is or will be entitled to any broker\'s or
finder\'s fee or any other similar commission or fee in connection with any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of UroCor, except U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Inc. whose
fees and expenses will be paid by UroCor in accordance with UroCor\'s
agreements with such firm, copies of which have been provided to Dianon.  
(m) Opinion of UroCor Financial Advisor. UroCor has received the opinion of
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Inc. dated the date of this Agreement, to the
effect that, as of such date, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of UroCor Common Stock, a copy of
which opinion will promptly be provided to Dianon.   (n) Taxes. Except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on UroCor:   (i) (A) Each of UroCor and its Subsidiaries has accurately 
filed or caused to be filed in accordance with applicable law when  due all
Tax Returns required to have been filed (or extensions have  been duly
obtained), (B) all Tax Returns filed by UroCor, each of  its Subsidiaries,
and any UroCor consolidated group are complete and  accurate in all respects,
and (C) UroCor has paid or caused to be  paid when due all Taxes shown due on
such Tax Returns or otherwise  owed.   (ii) The most recent financial
statements filed in the UroCor  SEC Reports reflect an adequate reserve for
all Taxes payable by  UroCor and its Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and
portions  thereof through the date of such financial statements. No 
deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed, assessed, or asserted  against
UroCor, any of its Subsidiaries or any UroCor consolidated  group that are
not adequately reserved for, and no requests for  waivers of the time to
assess any such Taxes have been granted or  are pending.   (iii) The
federal income Tax Returns of UroCor, each of its  Subsidiaries and any
UroCor consolidated group have been examined by  and settled with the United
States Internal Revenue Service for all  years through December 31, 1998. All
material assessments for Taxes  due with respect to such completed and
settled examinations or any  concluded litigation have been fully paid.  
(iv) Neither UroCor nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken or  has agreed to
take any action or has any knowledge of any fact,  agreement, plan or other
circumstance that is reasonably likely to  prevent the Merger from qualifying
as a reorganization within the  meaning of section 368(a) of the Code.  
(v) Neither UroCor nor any of its Subsidiaries has made a  distribution or
has been the subject of a distribution qualifying or  intended to qualify for
tax-free treatment under section 355 of the  Code (A) in the two years prior
to the date of this Agreement, or  (B) in a distribution which could
otherwise constitute part of a  "plan" or series of "related transactions"
(within the meaning of  section 355(e) of the Code) that includes the
Merger.   (vi) There are no Liens for Taxes (other than for current  Taxes
not yet due and payable) on the assets of UroCor or any of its 
Subsidiaries.   (vii) None of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to  or bound by any tax sharing agreement, tax indemnity obligation or 
similar agreement, arrangement or practice (including any liability  for
Taxes of any other person under Treasury Regulation section  1.1502-6 or
comparable provision of foreign, state or local law)  except for any
agreement or liability solely among UroCor and its  Subsidiaries.   (o)
Contracts. Except for Contracts filed as exhibits to UroCor\'s most recent
annual report on Form 10-K or the most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with
SEC or as set forth in Section 3.2(o) of the UroCor Disclosure Schedule, as
of the date of this Agreement, none of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party to or bound by, and none of their properties or assets are bound by or
subject to, any written or oral:   (i) Contract not made in the ordinary
course of business;   (ii) Contract pursuant to which UroCor or any of its 
Subsidiaries has agreed not to compete with any Person or to engage  in any
activity or business, or pursuant to which any benefit is  required to be
given or lost as a result of so competing or  engaging;   (iii) Contract
pursuant to which UroCor or any of its  Subsidiaries is restricted in any
material respect in the  development, marketing or distribution of their
respective products  or services;   (iv) Contract with (A) any affiliate of
UroCor or any of its  Subsidiaries or (B) any current or former director or
officer of  UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries or of any affiliate of UroCor
or  any of its Subsidiaries or (C) any affiliate of any such Person  (other
than (w) contracts on arm\'s-length terms with companies whose  common stock
is publicly traded, (x) offer letters providing solely  for "at will"
employment, (y) invention assignment and  confidentiality agreements relating
to the assignment of inventions  to UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries not
involving the payment of  money and (z) UroCor Benefit Plans referred to in
Section 3.2(r));   (v) license or franchise granted by UroCor or any of
its  Subsidiaries pursuant to which UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries has 
agreed to refrain from granting license or franchise rights to any  other
Person;   (vi) Contract under which UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries  has
incurred any indebtedness that is currently owing or given any  guarantee in
respect of indebtedness, in each case having an  aggregate principal amount
in excess of $100,000, or granted any  pledge, mortgage or other security
interest in any property or  assets of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries;  
(vii) Contract that is material to the conduct of the business  of UroCor and
its Subsidiaries that requires consent, approval or  waiver of or notice to a
third party in the event of or with respect  to the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by this  Agreement, including in order to
avoid termination of or a loss of  material benefit under any such
Contract;   (viii) Contract or other agreement, whether written or oral, 
that contains any guarantees as to UroCor or any of its  Subsidiaries\'
future revenues;   (ix) Contract granting a third party any license to 
Intellectual Property Rights that is not limited to the internal use  of such
third party;   (x) Contract in respect of any joint venture, partnership, 
business alliance or similar arrangement between UroCor or any of  its
Subsidiaries and any third party;   (xi) except for the Confidentiality
Agreement, Contract  providing for a "standstill" or for confidential
treatment by UroCor  or any of its Subsidiaries of third party information
other than  non-disclosure agreements and provisions entered into by UroCor
in  the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;   (xii)
Contract granting the other party to such Contract or a  third party "most
favored nation" status that, following the Merger,  would in any way apply to
Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries (other  than UroCor and its Subsidiaries
and their products or services); or   (xiii) Contract which (i) has
aggregate future sums due from  UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries in excess
of $100,000 and is not  terminable by UroCor or any such subsidiary for a
cost of less than  $100,000 or (ii) is otherwise material to the business of
UroCor and  its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as presently conducted or
as  proposed to be conducted.   Each Contract of UroCor and its
Subsidiaries is in full force and effect and is a legal, valid and binding
agreement of UroCor or such subsidiary and, to the knowledge of UroCor or
such subsidiary, of each other party thereto, enforceable against UroCor or
any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, and, to the knowledge of UroCor,
against the other party or parties thereto, in each case, in accordance with
its terms, except for such failures to be in full force and effect or
enforceable that individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on UroCor. Each of
UroCor and its Subsidiaries has performed or is performing all obligations
required to be performed by it under its Contracts and is not (with or
without notice or lapse of time or both) in breach or default in any
respect thereunder, and, to the knowledge of UroCor or such subsidiary, no
other party to any of its Contracts is (with or without notice or lapse of
time or both) in breach or default in any respect thereunder except, in each
case, for such breaches that individually or in the aggregate have not had
and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
UroCor.   (p) Related Party Transactions.   Except for Contracts filed as
exhibits to UroCor\'s most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC or as set forth in Section 3.2(p) of the UroCor Disclosure Schedule, no
officer, director, stockholder that is a beneficial owner (as determined in
accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of five percent or more of
UroCor Common Stock, or affiliate of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries nor
any relative or affiliate of such officer, director or stockholder, or, to
the knowledge of UroCor, none of its key employees or the key employees of
any of its Subsidiaries, is a party to any agreement, contract, commitment,
arrangement or transaction with UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries or is
entitled to any payment or transfer of any assets from UroCor or any of
its Subsidiaries or has any material interest in any material property used
by UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries or has an interest in any customer,
supplier or provider of any services to UroCor or any of its
Subsidiaries.   (q) UroCor Stockholder Rights Plan. The Board of Directors
of UroCor has amended the UroCor Rights Agreement in accordance with its
terms to render it inapplicable to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. UroCor has delivered to Dianon a true, complete and correct copy
of the UroCor Rights Agreement, as amended, in effect as of execution and
delivery of this Agreement.   (r) Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans. Since
December 31, 2000, except for the UroCor 2001 Bonus Plan, there has not been
any adoption or amendment by UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries of any
collective bargaining agreement or any bonus, pension, profit sharing,
deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock
purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, thrift, savings, stock
bonus, restricted stock, cafeteria, paid time off, perquisite, fringe
benefit, vacation, severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization,
medical, welfare benefit or other plan, arrangement or understanding (whether
or not legally binding) maintained, contributed to or required to be
maintained or contributed to by UroCor, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other
person or entity that, together with UroCor, is treated as a single employer
under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (a "UroCor Commonly
Controlled Entity") providing benefits to any current or former employee,
officer, consultant or director of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries
(collectively, the "UroCor Benefit Plans"), or any change in any actuarial or
other assumption used to calculate funding obligations with respect to any
UroCor Pension Plans (as defined below), or any change in the manner in which
contributions to any UroCor Pension Plans are made or the basis on which such
contributions are determined. Except for Contracts filed as exhibits
to UroCor\'s most recent annual report in Form 10-K or most recent report on
Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, Contracts described in Section 3.2(r) of the
UroCor Disclosure Schedule or the UroCor 2001 Bonus Plan, there are no (1)
employment, consulting, deferred compensation, indemnification, severance or
termination agreements or arrangements or understandings between UroCor or
any of its Subsidiaries and any current or former employee, officer,
consultant or director of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries or (2) any
agreement between UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries and any current or former
employee, officer, consultant or director of UroCor or any of its
Subsidiaries, the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which are
materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction involving UroCor of
a nature contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the "UroCor Benefit
Agreements").   (s) ERISA Compliance; Excess Parachute Payments.   (i)
Section 3.2(s)(i) of the UroCor Disclosure Schedule  contains a list of each
UroCor Benefit Plan that is an "employee  pension benefit plan" (as defined
in Section 3(2) of the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended ("ERISA"))  (sometimes referred to herein as "UroCor Pension Plans"),
"employee  welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and
all  other UroCor Benefit Plans and UroCor Benefit Agreements. UroCor has 
made available to Dianon true, complete and correct copies of (a)  each
UroCor Benefit Plan and UroCor Benefit Agreement (or, in the  case of any
unwritten UroCor Benefit Plan or UroCor Benefit  Agreement a description
thereof), (b) the two most recent annual  reports on Form 5500 filed with the
Internal Revenue Service with  respect to each UroCor Benefit Plan (if any
such report was  required), (c) the most recent summary plan description for
each  UroCor Benefit Plan for which such summary plan description is 
required and (d) each trust agreement and insurance or group annuity 
contract relating to any UroCor Benefit Plan.   (ii) In all material
respects, each UroCor Benefit Plan has  been administered in accordance with
its terms and in accordance  with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the
Code, and all other  applicable laws, including laws of foreign
jurisdictions, and the  terms of all applicable collective bargaining
agreements. All UroCor  Pension Plans intended to be qualified have received
favorable  determination letters from the Internal Revenue Service to the 
effect that such UroCor Pension Plans are qualified and exempt from  Federal
income taxes under Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively,  of the Code,
and no such determination letter has been revoked nor,  to the knowledge of
UroCor, has revocation been threatened, nor has  any event occurred since the
date of its most recent determination  letter or application therefor that
would adversely affect its  qualification or materially increase its costs or
require security  under Section 307 of ERISA. All UroCor Pension Plans
required to  have been approved by any foreign Governmental Entity have been
so  approved; no such approval has been revoked (or, to the knowledge of 
UroCor, has revocation been threatened) nor has any event occurred  since the
date of the most recent approval or application therefor  relating to any
such UroCor Pension Plan that would materially  affect any such approval
relating thereto or materially increase the  costs relating thereto. UroCor
has made available to Dianon a true  and complete copy of the most recent
determination letter received  with respect to each UroCor Pension Plan, as
well as a true and  complete copy of each pending application for a
determination  letter, if any. UroCor has also made available to Dianon a
true and  complete list of all UroCor Pension Plan amendments as to which a 
favorable determination letter has not yet been received. There is  no
pending or, to the knowledge of UroCor, threatened litigation  relating to
any UroCor Benefit Plan.   (iii) No UroCor Pension Plan, other than any
UroCor Pension  Plan that is a "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of
Section  4001(a)(3) of ERISA (a "UroCor Multiemployer Pension Plan"), had,
as  of the respective last annual valuation date for each such UroCor 
Pension Plan, any "unfunded benefit liabilities" (as such term is  defined in
Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), based on actuarial  assumptions that have been
furnished to Dianon, and there has been  no material adverse change in the
financial condition of any UroCor  Pension Plan since its last such annual
valuation date. No liability  under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA has
been or is expected  to be incurred by the UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries
with respect  to any ongoing, frozen or terminated "single-employer plan",
within  the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently or formerly 
maintained by any of them, or the single- employer plan of any  UroCor
Commonly Controlled Entity. None of UroCor, any of its  Subsidiaries, any
officer of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries or  any of the UroCor Benefit
Plans which are subject to ERISA,  including the UroCor Pension Plans, any
trusts created thereunder or  any trustee or administrator thereof, has
engaged in a "prohibited  transaction" (as such term is defined in Section
406 of ERISA or  Section 4975 of the Code) or any other breach of fiduciary 
responsibility that could subject UroCor, any of its Subsidiaries or  any
officer of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries to the tax on  prohibited
transactions imposed by such Section 4975 or to any  liability under Section
502(i) or 502(l) of ERISA. None of such  UroCor Benefit Plans and trusts has
been terminated, nor has there  been any "reportable event" (as that term is
defined in Section 4043  of ERISA) for which the 30-day reporting requirement
has not been  waived with respect to any UroCor Benefit Plan during the last
five  years, and no notice of a reportable event will be required to be 
filed in connection with the Merger or the other transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement. Neither UroCor nor any of its  Subsidiaries has incurred a
"complete withdrawal" or a "partial  withdrawal" (as such terms are defined
in Sections 4203 and 4205,  respectively, of ERISA) since the effective date
of such Sections  4203 and 4205 with respect to any UroCor Multiemployer
Pension Plan.  All contributions and premiums required to be made under the
terms  of any UroCor Benefit Plan as of the date hereof have been timely 
made or have been reflected on the most recent consolidated balance  sheet
filed or incorporated by reference in the UroCor SEC Reports.  Neither any
UroCor Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of any  UroCor Commonly
Controlled Entity has an "accumulated funding  deficiency" (as such term is
defined in Section 302 of ERISA or  Section 412 of the Code), whether or not
waived.   (iv) Section 3.2(s)(iv) of the UroCor Disclosure Schedule 
discloses whether each UroCor Benefit Plan that is an employee  welfare
benefit plan is (a) unfunded, (b) funded through a "welfare  benefit fund"
(as such term is defined in Section 419(e) of the  Code) or other funding
mechanism or (c) insured. In the case of each  such UroCor Benefit Plan that
is funded through a trust, the trust  has received a favorable determination
letter determining the trust  to be tax-exempt under Section 501(c)(9) of the
Code, and such  determination letter is currently valid. UroCor has made
available  to Dianon a copy of each such determination letter. Any such
trust,  or any other "welfare benefit fund", is in compliance with all 
applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code. UroCor and its  Subsidiaries,
with respect to each UroCor Benefit Plan that is a  "group health plan" (as
such term is defined in Section 5000(b)(1)  of the Code), comply in all
material respects with the applicable  requirements of Section 4980B(f) of
the Code. Each UroCor Benefit  Plan (including any such plan covering
retirees or other former  employees) that is an employee welfare benefit plan
may be amended  or terminated without material liability to UroCor or any of
its  Subsidiaries on or at any time after the Effective Time. Except as 
required under Section 4980B of the Code, neither UroCor nor any of  its
Subsidiaries has any obligations for retiree health or retiree  life
insurance benefits under any UroCor Benefit Plan or UroCor  Benefit
Agreement.   (v) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(s)(v) of the UroCor 
Disclosure Schedule, none of the execution and delivery of this  Agreement,
the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction  contemplated by this
Agreement (including as a result of any  termination of employment following
the Effective Time) will (x)  entitle any employee, officer, consultant or
director of UroCor or  any of its Subsidiaries to severance or termination
pay, (y)  accelerate the time of payment or vesting or trigger any payment
or  funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or 
benefits under, increase the amount payable or trigger any other  material
obligation pursuant to, any of the UroCor Benefit Plans or  UroCor Benefit
Agreements or (z) result in any breach or violation  of, or a default under,
any of the UroCor Benefit Plans or UroCor  Benefit Agreements.   (vi)
Except as set forth in Section 3.2(s)(vi) of the UroCor  Disclosure Schedule,
no amount or other entitlement or economic  benefit that could be received
(whether in cash or property or the  vesting of property) as a result of the
Merger or any other  transaction contemplated by this Agreement (including as
a result of  termination of employment on or following the Effective Time) by
or  for the benefit of any employee, officer, director or consultant of 
UroCor or any of its affiliates who is a "disqualified individual"  (as such
term is defined in proposed Treasury Regulation Section  1.280G-1) under any
UroCor Benefit Plan or UroCor Benefit Agreement  or otherwise would be
characterized as an "excess parachute payment"  (as defined in Section
280G(b)(1) of the Code), and no disqualified  individual is entitled to
receive any additional payment from UroCor  or any of its Subsidiaries in the
event that the excise tax under  Section 4999 of the Code is imposed on such
disqualified individual.  Set forth in Section 3.2(s)(vi) of the UroCor
Disclosure Schedule is  (a) the estimated maximum amount that could be paid
to each such  "disqualified individual" and each other person listed in
Section  3.2(s)(vi) (each a "Primary UroCor Executive") as a result of the 
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement  (including
as a result of a termination of employment on or  following the Effective
Time) under all UroCor Benefit Plans and  UroCor Benefit Agreements and (b)
the "base amount" (as defined in  Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) for each
Primary UroCor Executive  calculated as of the date of this Agreement.  
(vii) UroCor and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all  material respects
with all Federal, state, local and foreign  requirements regarding
employment. Neither UroCor nor any of its  Subsidiaries is a party to any
collective bargaining or other labor  union contract applicable to persons
employed by UroCor or any of  its Subsidiaries and no collective bargaining
agreement is being  negotiated by UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries. As of
the date of  this Agreement, there is no labor dispute, strike or work
stoppage  against UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the 
knowledge of UroCor, threatened which may interfere with the  respective
business activities of UroCor or its Subsidiaries. As of  the date of this
Agreement, to the knowledge of UroCor, none of  UroCor, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective  representatives or employees has
committed an unfair labor practice  in connection with the operation of the
respective businesses of  UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries, and there is no
charge or  complaint against UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries by the
National  Labor Relations Board or any comparable governmental agency
pending  or threatened in writing.   (viii) All reports, returns and
similar documents with respect  to all UroCor Benefit Plans required to be
filed with any  Governmental Entity or distributed to any UroCor Benefit
Plan  participant have been duly and timely filed or distributed. None of 
UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of, and to the 
knowledge of UroCor, there are no investigations by any Governmental  Entity
with respect to, termination proceedings or other claims  (except claims for
benefits payable in the normal operation of the  UroCor Benefit Plans), suits
or proceedings against or involving any  UroCor Benefit Plan or asserting any
rights or claims to benefits  under any UroCor Benefit Plan that could give
rise to any liability,  and, to the knowledge of UroCor, there are not any
facts that could  give rise to any liability in the event of any such
investigation,  claim, suit or proceeding.   (ix) None of UroCor nor any of
its Subsidiaries has any  material liability or obligations, including under
or on account of  a UroCor Benefit Plan, arising out of the hiring of persons
to  provide services to UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries and treating  such
persons as consultants or independent contractors and not as  employees of
UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries.   (t) Labor Matters. _ Except where
failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on UroCor, UroCor is and has been in compliance with all applicable
laws of the United States, or of any state or local government or any
subdivision thereof or of any foreign government respecting employment and
employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
including, without limitation, ERISA, the Code, the Immigration Reform and
Control Act, the WARN Act, any laws respecting employment discrimination,
sexual harassment, disability rights or benefits, equal opportunity, plant
closure issues, affirmative action, workers\' compensation, employee
benefits, severance payments, COBRA, labor relations, employee leave issues,
wage and hour standards, occupational safety and health requirements and
unemployment insurance and related matters, and is not engaged in any unfair
labor practices.   (u) Other Financial Matters.   (i) All accounts
receivable of UroCor and its Subsidiaries  reflected on UroCor\'s most recent
audited financial statements filed  with the SEC, and all accounts receivable
arising subsequent to the  date of such financial statements, are the result
of bona fide  transactions in the ordinary course of business and practice, 
consistent with past custom and practice, and, except to the extent 
specifically reserved for in the most recent UroCor financial  statements
filed with the SEC are valid and collectible obligations  of the respective
makers thereof and were not and are not subject to  any offset or
counterclaim. The amount of accounts receivable in the  most recent UroCor
financial statements filed with the SEC are  reflected in accordance with
GAAP. Since December 31, 2000, there  have not been any material write-offs
as uncollectible of any  accounts receivable of UroCor.   (ii) UroCor has
made sufficient accruals in accordance with  GAAP on its most recent
financial statements filed with the SEC for  all contingent liabilities,
including sufficient accruals for  employee bonuses and the costs of
governmental investigation.  UroCor\'s billing and pricing policies are
reflected in accordance  with GAAP on the most recent UroCor financial
statements filed with  the SEC.   (v) Transaction Fees. Section 3.2(v) of
the UroCor Disclosure Schedule presents UroCor\'s best good faith estimate of
the total amount of all accounting, legal and financial advisory fees,
employee and director bonuses (including, without limitation, severance costs
or payments that become due by UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries before or
after the Effective Time to current or former UroCor employees and directors)
and incidental expenses directly or indirectly related to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement incurred to the date of this Agreement and to
be incurred after the date of this Agreement.   3.3 REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF DIANON AND MERGER SUB. Dianon and Merger Sub represent and
warrant to UroCor as follows:   (a) Organization. Merger Sub is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of Delaware. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Merger Sub have been validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and
have will not been issued in violation of any preemptive rights, and are
owned by Dianon, free and clear of all Liens and free of any other
restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or dispose
of such capital stock) except for restrictions imposed by applicable
securities laws.   (b) Corporate Authorization. Merger Sub has all requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance
by Merger Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of Merger Sub. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by Merger Sub and constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of Merger Sub, enforceable against it in accordance with
its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or
affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law).   (c) Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance
by Merger Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of
the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not contravene or
conflict with the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Merger Sub.  
(d) No Business Activities. Merger Sub has not conducted any activities other
than in connection with the organization of Merger Sub, the negotiation and
execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Merger Sub has no Subsidiaries.    ARTICLE IV  
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   4.1 COVENANTS OF DIANON. Except
as set forth in Section 4.1 of the Dianon Disclosure Schedule, as otherwise
expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as consented to in writing by
UroCor, during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, Dianon shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, carry on their
respective businesses only in the ordinary course consistent with past
practice and in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws
and regulations and, to the extent consistent therewith, use all reasonable
efforts to preserve intact their current business organizations, use
reasonable efforts to keep available the services of their current officers
and other key employees and preserve their relationships with those persons
having business dealings with them to the end that their goodwill and ongoing
businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing (but subject to the above exceptions, including
as set forth in Section 4.1 of the Dianon Disclosure Schedule), during the
period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Dianon
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to:   (i) other
than dividends and distributions _ (including  liquidating distributions) by
a Subsidiary of Dianon to its parent,  (x) declare, set aside or pay any
dividends on, or make any other  distributions (whether in cash, stock,
property or otherwise) in  respect of, any of its capital stock, (y) split,
combine or  reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the 
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in 
substitution for shares of its capital stock, or (z) purchase,  redeem or
otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of  capital stock of
Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries or any other  securities thereof or any
rights, warrants or options to acquire any  such shares or other
securities;   (ii) issue (w) any shares of its capital stock, (x) any
other  voting securities, (y) any securities convertible into, or any 
rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares, voting  securities
or convertible securities or (z) any "phantom" stock or  stock rights, SARs
or stock-based performance units other than the  issuance of Dianon Common
Stock upon the exercise of Dianon Stock  Options outstanding as of the date
hereof in accordance with their  present terms or Dianon Stock Options
granted in the ordinary course  of business after the date of this
Agreement;   (iii) amend its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or
other  comparable organizational documents;   (iv) take any action that
would, or that would reasonably be  expected to, result in (x) any of the
representations and warranties  made by Dianon in this Agreement that are
qualified as to  materiality becoming untrue, (y) any of such representations
and  warranties that are not so qualified becoming untrue in any material 
respect or (z) any condition to the Merger set forth in Article VI  not being
satisfied;   (v) authorize, or commit, resolve or agree to take, any of
the  foregoing actions; or   (vi) take any action (including any action
otherwise permitted  by this Section 4.1) that would prevent the Merger from
qualifying  as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.   4.2
COVENANTS OF UROCOR. Except as set forth in Section 4.2 of the UroCor
Disclosure Schedule, as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement or
as consented to in writing by Dianon, during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, UroCor shall, and shall cause
its Subsidiaries to, carry on their respective businesses only in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice and in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable laws and regulations and, to the extent
consistent therewith, use all reasonable efforts to preserve intact their
current business organizations, use reasonable efforts to keep available the
services of their current officers and other key employees and preserve their
relationships with those persons having business dealings with them to the
end that their goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the
Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (but subject
to the above exceptions), during the period from the date of this Agreement
to the Effective Time, UroCor shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to:   (i) other than dividends and distributions (including 
liquidating distributions) by a Subsidiary of UroCor to its parent,  (x)
declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other  distributions
(whether in cash, stock, property or otherwise) in  respect of, any of its
capital stock, (y) split, combine or  reclassify any of its capital stock or
issue or authorize the  issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in  substitution for shares of its capital stock, or (z)
purchase,  redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares
of  capital stock of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries or any other 
securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any  such
shares or other securities;   (ii) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise
encumber or  subject to any Lien (w) any shares of its capital stock, (x)
any  other voting securities, (y) any securities convertible into, or any 
rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares, voting  securities
or convertible securities or (z) any "phantom" stock or  stock rights, SARs
or stock-based performance units other than the  issuance of UroCor Common
Stock upon the exercise of UroCor Stock  Options outstanding as of the date
hereof in accordance with their  present terms;   (iii) amend its
certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other  comparable organizational
documents;   (iv) acquire or agree to acquire (A) by merging or 
consolidating with, or by purchasing assets of, or by any other  manner, any
business, division or Person or any interest therein or  (B) any assets other
than immaterial assets acquired in the ordinary  course of business
consistent with past practice;   (v) sell, lease, license, sell and
leaseback, mortgage or  otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien or
otherwise dispose of  any of its properties or assets (including
securitizations), other  than sales or licenses of finished goods or services
in the ordinary  course of business consistent with past practice;   (vi)
repurchase, prepay or incur any indebtedness for borrowed  money or guarantee
any such indebtedness of another person, issue or  sell any debt securities
or warrants or other rights to acquire any  debt securities of UroCor or any
of its Subsidiaries, guarantee any  debt securities of another person, enter
into any "keep well" or  other agreement to maintain any financial statement
condition of  another person or enter into any arrangement having the
economic  effect of any of the foregoing, except for intercompany
indebtedness  between UroCor and any of its Subsidiaries or between such 
Subsidiaries;   (vii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to,
or  investments in, any other Person, other than UroCor or Subsidiary of 
UroCor;   (viii) make or agree to make any new capital expenditures, or 
enter into any agreements providing for payments which,  individually, are in
excess of $100,000 or, in the aggregate, are in  excess of $250,000;   (ix)
(A) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims,  liabilities or obligations
(absolute, accrued, asserted or  unasserted, contingent or otherwise), or
litigation (whether or not  commenced prior to the date of this Agreement)
other than the  payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction, in the
ordinary  course of business consistent with past practice or in accordance 
with their terms, of liabilities recognized or disclosed in the most  recent
consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of  UroCor included
in the UroCor SEC Reports or incurred since the date  of such financial
statements, or (B) waive the benefits of, agree to  modify in any manner,
terminate, release any person from or fail to  enforce any confidentiality,
standstill or similar agreement to  which UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party or of which  UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries is a
beneficiary;   (x) except as required by law or contemplated hereby and 
except for labor agreements negotiated in the ordinary course, (x) 
establish, enter into, adopt or amend or terminate any UroCor  Benefit Plan
or UroCor Benefit Agreement, (y) change any actuarial  or other assumption
used to calculate funding obligations with  respect to any UroCor Pension
Plan, or change the manner in which  contributions to any UroCor Pension Plan
are made or the basis on  which such contributions are determined or (z) take
any action to  accelerate any rights or benefits, or make any material 
determinations not in the ordinary course of business consistent  with past
practice, under any collective bargaining agreement,  UroCor Benefit Plan or
UroCor Benefit Agreement;   (xi) (w) increase the compensation, bonus or
other benefits of  any current or former director, consultant, officer or
other  employee, (x) grant any current or former director, consultant, 
officer or other employee any increase in severance or termination  pay, (y)
amend or modify any UroCor Stock Option, or (z) pay any  benefit or amount
not required by a plan or arrangement as in effect  on the date of this
Agreement to any such person, other than with  respect to the UroCor 2001
Bonus Plan as provided in Section 5.7;   (xii) transfer or license to any
person or entity or otherwise  extend, amend or modify any rights to the
Intellectual Property  Rights of UroCor and its Subsidiaries other than in
the ordinary  course of business consistent with past practices; provided
that in  no event shall UroCor license on an exclusive basis or sell any 
Intellectual Property Rights of UroCor and its Subsidiaries;   (xiii) enter
into or amend any Contract of the type listed in  Section 3.2(o);   (xiv)
obtain, through acquisition, lease, sublease or  otherwise, any real property
for use as an office, warehouse or  similar facility of UroCor or any of its
Subsidiaries;   (xv) increase the headcount of employees of UroCor or its 
Subsidiaries;   (xvi) except insofar as may be required by a change in
GAAP,  make any changes in accounting methods, principles or practices;  
(xvii) take any action that would, or that would reasonably be  expected to,
result in (x) any of the representations and warranties  made by UroCor in
this Agreement that are qualified as to  materiality becoming untrue, (y) any
of such representations and  warranties that are not so qualified becoming
untrue in any material  respect or (z) any condition to the Merger set forth
in Article VI  not being satisfied;   (xviii) (x) make or change any
material Tax election, settle  or compromise any Tax claim or assessment, or
consent to any  extension or waiver of the statute of limitations period
applicable  to any Tax claim or assessment, without Dianon\'s written
consent, or  (y) take any action (including any action otherwise permitted
by  this Section 4.2) that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a 
reorganization under section 368(a) of the Code; or   (xix) authorize, or
commit, resolve or agree to take, any of  the foregoing actions.   4.3
ADVICE OF CHANGES. UroCor and Dianon shall promptly advise the other party
orally and in writing to the extent it has knowledge of (i)
any representation or warranty made by it (or any of its Subsidiaries)
contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming
untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any such representation or warranty
that is not so qualified becoming untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect, (ii) the failure by it (or any of its Subsidiaries) to comply with
or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement and (iii) any change or
event having, or which would reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect on such party or on the truth of their respective
representations and warranties or the ability of the conditions set forth in
Article VI to be satisfied; provided, however, that no such notification
shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties under this Agreement.   4.4 GOVERNMENTAL FILINGS.
UroCor and Dianon shall file all reports required to be filed by each of them
with the SEC (and all other Governmental Entities) between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time.   ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  
5.1 PREPARATION OF PROXY STATEMENT; STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS.   (a) As promptly
as practicable following the date hereof, Dianon and UroCor shall prepare and
file with the SEC mutually acceptable proxy materials which shall constitute
the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus (such proxy statement/prospectus, and
any amendments or supplements thereto, the "Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus") and Dianon shall prepare and file a
registration statement on Form S-4 with respect to the issuance of Dianon
Common Stock in the Merger (the "Form S-4"). The Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will be included in and will constitute a part of the
Form S-4 as Dianon\'s prospectus. The Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus shall comply as to form in all material respects with
the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder. Each of Dianon and UroCor shall use
reasonable efforts to have the Form S-4 declared effective by the SEC and to
keep the Form S-4 effective as long as is necessary to consummate the Merger
and the transactions contemplated thereby. Dianon and UroCor shall,
as promptly as practicable after receipt thereof, provide the other party
copies of any written comments and advise the other party of any oral
comments, with respect to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus received from
the SEC. Dianon will provide UroCor with a reasonable opportunity to review
and comment on any amendment or supplement to the Form S-4 prior to filing
such with the SEC, and will provide UroCor with a copy of all such filings
made with the SEC. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the
contrary, no amendment or supplement (including by incorporation by
reference) to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4 shall be
made without the approval of both parties, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, that with respect to documents
filed by a party which are incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, this right of approval shall apply only with
respect to information relating to the other party or its business, financial
condition or results of operations. Dianon will use reasonable efforts to
cause the Joint Proxy Statements/Prospectus to be mailed to Dianon
stockholders, and UroCor will use reasonable efforts to cause the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to UroCor\'s stockholders, in each case
after the Form S-4 is declared effective under the Securities Act. Dianon
shall also take any action (other than qualifying to do business in
any jurisdiction in which it is not now so qualified or to file a general
consent to service of process) required to be taken under any applicable
state securities laws in connection with the Share Issuance and UroCor shall
furnish all information concerning UroCor and the holders of UroCor Common
Stock as may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action. Each
party will advise the other party, promptly after it receives notice thereof,
of the time when the Form S-4 has become effective, the issuance of any stop
order, the suspension of the qualification of the Dianon Common Stock
issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC for amendment of the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4. If at any time prior to the Effective
Time any information relating to Dianon or UroCor, or any of their respective
affiliates, officers or directors, should be discovered by Dianon or UroCor
which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to any of the Form
S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus so that any of such documents
would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the party which
discovers such information shall promptly notify the other party hereto and,
to the extent required by law, rules or regulations, an appropriate amendment
or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the
SEC and disseminated to the stockholders of Dianon and UroCor.   (b) UroCor
shall duly take (subject to compliance with the provisions of Section 3.2(e)
(provided that UroCor shall have used reasonable efforts to ensure that such
representations are true and correct)) all lawful action to call, give notice
of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders on a date as soon as
reasonably practicable (the "UroCor Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of
obtaining the required approval of its stockholders with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Alternative Merger
Structure, and shall take all lawful action to solicit the adoption of this
Agreement, including the Alternative Merger Structure, by the requisite vote
of its stockholders; and the Board of Directors of UroCor shall recommend
adoption of this Agreement, including the Alternative Merger Structure, by
the stockholders of UroCor to the effect as set forth in Section 3.2(f) (the
"UroCor Recommendation"), and shall not withdraw, modify or qualify (or
propose to withdraw, modify or qualify) in any manner adverse to Dianon
such recommendation or the approval of the Merger or this Agreement or take
any action or make any statement in connection with the UroCor Stockholders
Meeting inconsistent with such recommendation or approval (collectively, a
"Change in the UroCor Recommendation"); provided the foregoing shall not
prohibit accurate disclosure (and such disclosure shall not be deemed to be a
Change in the UroCor Recommendation) of factual information regarding the
business, financial condition or results of operations of Dianon or UroCor or
the fact that an Acquisition Proposal has been made, the identity of the
party making such proposal or the material terms of such proposal (provided,
that the Board of Directors of UroCor does not withdraw, modify or qualify
(or propose to withdraw, modify or qualify) in any manner adverse to Dianon
its recommendation) in the Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
or otherwise, to the extent such information, facts, identity or terms is
required to be disclosed under applicable law; and, provided further, that
the Board of Directors of UroCor may make a Change in the UroCor
Recommendation pursuant to Section 5.5 hereof.   (c) Dianon shall duly take
(subject to compliance with the provisions of Section 3.1(e) (provided that
Dianon shall have used reasonable efforts to ensure that such representation
is true and correct)) all lawful action to call, give notice of, convene and
hold a meeting of its stockholders on a date as soon as reasonably
practicable (the "Dianon Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining
the Dianon Stockholder Approvals.   (d) For purposes of this Agreement, a
Change in the UroCor Recommendation shall be deemed to include, without
limitation, a recommendation by the UroCor Board of Directors of a third
party Acquisition Proposal with respect to UroCor.   5.2 ACCESS TO
INFORMATION/EMPLOYEES.   (a) Upon reasonable notice, UroCor shall (and shall
cause its Subsidiaries to) afford to the officers, employees, accountants,
counsel, financial advisors and other representatives of Dianon reasonable
access during normal business hours, during the period prior to the Effective
Time, to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments, records, officers
and employees and, during such period, UroCor shall (and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to Dianon (a) a copy of each report,
schedule, registration statement and other document filed, published,
announced or received by it during such period pursuant to the requirements
of Federal or state securities laws, as applicable (other than documents
which such party is not permitted to disclose under applicable law), and (b)
all other information concerning it and its business, properties and
personnel as Dianon may reasonably request (including consultation on a
regular basis with respect to litigation matters). Except as required by law
and without limiting in any way the continued efficacy of the Confidentiality
Agreement, any such information obtained pursuant to this Section 5.2(a) will
be used solely for the purpose of consideration or performance of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other agreement related
hereto and will be kept confidential by Dianon and all Persons obtaining such
information on Dianon\'s behalf or who obtain such information from Dianon.
Any investigation by Dianon shall not affect the representation
and warranties of UroCor.   (b) Upon reasonable notice, Dianon shall afford
to the senior officers and counsel of UroCor reasonable access during normal
business hours, during the period prior to the Effective Time, to all
documents reasonably requested by UroCor that Dianon has disclosed to the
Department of Justice in response to the subpoena dated November 14, 2000
issued by the United States Attorney\'s Office for Connecticut. Except as
required by law and without limiting in any way the continued efficacy of the
Confidentiality Agreement, any such information obtained pursuant to this
Section 5.2(b) will be used solely for the purpose of consideration or
performance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other
agreement related hereto and will be kept confidential by UroCor and all
Persons obtaining such information on UroCor\'s behalf or who obtain such
information from Dianon. Any investigation by UroCor shall not affect the
representation and warranties of Dianon.   5.3 REASONABLE EFFORTS.   (a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each party will use
its reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do,
or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in
doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including the Alternative Merger Structure, if implemented,
as soon as practicable after the date hereof, including using reasonable
efforts to accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all reasonable acts
necessary to cause the conditions to closing to be satisfied as promptly as
practicable; (ii) preparing and filing as promptly as practicable all
documentation to obtain all necessary applications, notices, petitions,
filings, tax ruling requests and other documents; (iii) the obtaining as
promptly as practicable of all consents, waivers, licenses, orders,
registrations, approvals, permits, tax rulings and authorizations necessary
or advisable to be obtained from any third party and/or any Governmental
Entity in order to consummate the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Alternative Merger Structure,
if implemented; and (iv) taking all reasonable steps as may be necessary to
obtain all such material consents, waivers, licenses, registrations, permits,
authorizations, tax rulings, orders and approvals.   (b) In furtherance and
not in limitation of clause (a) of this Section 5.3, each party hereto agrees
to make an appropriate filing of a pre-merger Notification and Report Form
pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
as promptly as practicable after the date hereof and to supply as promptly as
practicable any additional information and documentary material that may be
requested pursuant to the HSR Act and to take all other actions necessary to
cause the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under
the HSR Act as soon as practicable. Nothing in this Agreement shall require
any of Dianon and its Subsidiaries or UroCor or its Subsidiaries to sell,
hold separate or otherwise dispose of or conduct its business in a specified
manner, or agree to sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of or conduct
its business in a specified manner, or permit the sale, holding separate or
other disposition of, any assets of Dianon or its Subsidiaries or UroCor or
its Subsidiaries or the Surviving Corporation or the conduct of its business
in a specified manner, whether as a condition to obtaining any approval from
a Governmental Entity or any other Person or for any other reason.   5.4
STANDSTILL AGREEMENT. UroCor hereby waives the provisions of Section 5 of the
Confidentiality Agreement solely in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby. In the event that this Agreement is terminated prior to
the Effective Time, such waiver shall be revoked and considered null and
void.   5.5 ACQUISITION PROPOSALS.   (a) UroCor shall not, nor shall it
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize or permit any of
its directors, officers or employees or any investment banker, financial
advisor, attorney, accountant or other representative retained by it or any
of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly through another Person, (i)
solicit, initiate or encourage (including by way of furnishing information),
or take any other action to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any
proposal or offer other than the Merger that constitutes, or may reasonably
be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below) or (ii)
enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person any information with respect
to, or accept or implement any Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that
if, prior to the time at which the Required UroCor Vote shall have been
obtained, a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of
UroCor determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel)
that failure to do so would result in a breach of the fiduciary duties of
such Board to UroCor\'s stockholders under applicable law, UroCor may, in
response to an Acquisition Proposal (as defined below) which did not result
from a breach of this Section 5.5, and which the Board of Directors of UroCor
determines is reasonably likely to result in a Superior Proposal, and subject
to providing prior written notice of its decision to take such action to
Dianon and compliance with Section 5.5, furnish information with respect to
UroCor and its Subsidiaries to any Person making such Acquisition Proposal
pursuant to a customary confidentiality agreement (provided that if such
confidentiality agreement contains provisions that are less restrictive than
the comparable provision in, or omits restrictive provisions, contained in
the Confidentiality Agreement, then the Confidentiality Agreement shall be
deemed amended to contain only such less restrictive provisions or to omit
such restrictive provisions as applicable) and participate in discussions or
negotiations regarding such Acquisition Proposal.   For purposes of this
Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means any written proposal not solicited in
breach of this Section 5.5 by UroCor made by a third party to consummate a
tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation or similar transaction
which would result in such third party (or its stockholders) owning, directly
or indirectly, all or substantially all of the shares of UroCor Common Stock
then outstanding (or of the surviving entity in a merger) or all or
substantially all of the assets of UroCor and its Subsidiaries and otherwise
on terms which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of UroCor
determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and taking
into consideration the advice of a financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation) to be more favorable to UroCor\'s stockholders, from a financial
point of view, than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In
reaching such good faith determination, the Board of Directors of
UroCor shall give significant consideration to whether any such third party
proposal includes definitive financing and is reasonably capable of being
consummated.   For purposes of this Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" means
any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person other than Dianon relating to
any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of more than 10% of the total
assets (including without limitation stock of Subsidiaries) of UroCor and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or any shares of any class or series of
equity securities of UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries constituting more than
10% of the outstanding shares of UroCor Common Stock, any tender offer or
exchange offer involving more than 10% of the outstanding shares of UroCor
Common Stock, or any merger, reorganization, consolidation, share exchange,
business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries, other than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) Neither UroCor nor the
Board of Directors of UroCor nor any committee thereof shall (i) make a
Change in the UroCor Recommendation, (ii) approve or recommend, or propose to
approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal, (iii) approve or recommend,
or propose to approve or recommend, or execute or enter into, any letter of
intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, merger
agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement,
partnership agreement or other similar agreement (each, an "Acquisition
Agreement"), or (iv)(x) redeem the UroCor Rights, (y) waive or amend any
provisions of the UroCor Rights Agreement or (z) take any action with respect
to, or make any determination under, the UroCor Rights Agreement, in any such
case to permit or facilitate the consummation of an Acquisition Proposal, or
propose or agree to do any of the foregoing constituting or related to, or
which is intended to or would reasonably be expected to lead to, any
Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to the
time at which the Required UroCor Vote shall have been obtained, in response
to a Superior Proposal which did not result from a breach of Section 5.5(a),
the Board of Directors of UroCor may (subject to this sentence and the
definition of the term "Superior Proposal"), if a majority of the members of
the Board of Directors of UroCor determines in good faith (after consultation
with outside counsel) that failure to do so would result in a breach of the
fiduciary duties of such Board to UroCor\'s stockholders under applicable
law, subject to payment of the termination fee provided for in Section 7.2
(if applicable), (i) make a Change in the UroCor Recommendation or (ii) cause
UroCor or any of its Subsidiaries to enter into a definitive
written agreement with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, but in each case
referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), only if UroCor notifies
Dianon, in writing at least 72 hours prior to taking any such action,
promptly of its intention to take such action, specifying the material terms
of such Acquisition Proposal and identifying the Person making such
Acquisition Proposal, and Dianon does not make, on or before 5:00 p.m.,
Central Time, on the third Business Day following receipt of such written
notification, an offer that the Board of Directors of UroCor determines, in
good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors, is at least as
favorable to the stockholders of UroCor as such Acquisition Proposal, it
being understood that UroCor shall not enter into any binding agreement with
respect to such Acquisition Proposal prior to 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on the
third Business Day following Dianon\'s receipt of such written
notification.   (c) In addition to the obligations of UroCor set forth in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 5.5, UroCor shall immediately (and no
later than 24 hours thereafter) advise Dianon orally and in writing of any
request for information or of any inquiry with respect to an Acquisition
Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request, inquiry or
Acquisition Proposal and the identity of the Person making such request,
inquiry or Acquisition Proposal. UroCor will promptly keep Dianon informed of
the status and details (including amendments or changes or proposed
amendments or changes) of any such request, inquiry or Acquisition
Proposal.   (d) Nothing contained in this Section 5.5 shall prohibit UroCor
from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position contemplated by
Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or from making any
disclosure to UroCor\'s stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of a
majority of the members of the Board of Directors of UroCor, after
consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose would be
inconsistent with its obligations under applicable law; provided, however,
that, subject to Section 5.5(b), neither UroCor nor its Board of Directors
nor any committee thereof shall make a Change in the UroCor Recommendation or
approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, an Acquisition
Proposal.   (e) UroCor agrees that it will, and will cause its
officers, directors and representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations existing as of the
date of this Agreement with any parties conducted heretofore with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal. UroCor agrees that it will use reasonable efforts
to promptly inform its directors, officers, key employees, agents and
representatives of the obligations undertaken in this Section 5.5.   5.6
S-8 REGISTRATION STATEMENT. Dianon shall prepare and file with the SEC a
Registration Statement on Form S-8 (the "S-8 Registration
Statement") registering the issuance of Dianon Common Stock issuable on
exercise of the Assumed Stock Options to be converted pursuant to Section
1.8, and shall use its best efforts to cause the S-8 Registration Statement
to become effective on or prior to the Effective Time. If necessary to permit
re-offers and resales by holders of the Assumed Stock Options, Dianon also
shall prepare a "re-offer prospectus" (as that term is used in General
Instruction C-1 of Form S-8) and file the re-offer prospectus with a post-
effective amendment to the S-8 Registration Statement and cause any such
post-effective amendment to become effective and remain effective for such
period as is necessary to permit such re-offers and resales.   5.7 SPECIAL
UROCOR EMPLOYEE BONUS PLAN. Prior to the Effective Time, UroCor may pay up to
an aggregate of $1,200,000 under the UroCor 2001 Bonus Plan solely to the
employees listed in Section 5.7 of the UroCor Disclosure Schedule and
thereafter shall, prior to the Effective Time, terminate such plan.   5.8
FEES AND EXPENSES. Subject to Section 7.2, whether or not the Merger is
consummated, all Expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
Expenses. As used in this Agreement, "Expenses" includes all out-of-
pocket expenses (including, without limitation, all fees and expenses of
counsel, accountants, investment bankers, experts and consultants to a party
hereto and its affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection
with or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the solicitation of stockholder approvals and
all other matters related to the transactions contemplated hereby.   5.9
DIRECTORS\' AND OFFICERS\' INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE. (a) Dianon agrees
that all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities for acts
or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time now existing in
favor of the current or former directors or officers of UroCor and its
Subsidiaries as provided in their respective articles of organization or by-
laws and any indemnification agreements of UroCor (as each is in effect
on the date hereof and provided such indemnification agreements are disclosed
in the UroCor Disclosure Schedule), shall be assumed by the Surviving
Corporation in the Merger, without further action, as of the Effective Time
and shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in
accordance with their terms.   (b) The Surviving Corporation shall, at its
option, either (i) maintain for a period of not less than six years after the
Effective Time, UroCor\'s current directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance covering acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time
("DandO; Insurance") with respect to those Persons who are currently covered by
UroCor\'s directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy on terms with
respect to such coverage and amount no less favorable than those of such
policy in effect on the date hereof or (ii) cause to be provided coverage no
less favorable to such directors or officers, as the case may be, than the
DandO; Insurance, in each case so long as the annual premium therefor would not
be in excess of $240,000 (the "Maximum Premium"). If the existing or
substituted directors\' and officers\' liability insurance expires, is
terminated or canceled during such six-year period, the Surviving Corporation
will obtain as much DandO; Insurance as can be obtained for the remainder of
such period for an annualized premium not in excess of the Maximum Premium.
UroCor represents that the last premium it paid for DandO; Insurance prior to
the date of this Agreement was $285,000 for the two-year period
ending November 2001. At the option of Dianon, Dianon may assume the
obligations of the Surviving Corporation set forth in Sections 5.9(a) and
5.9(b), and thereafter the Surviving Corporation shall not have any further
obligations pursuant to this Section 5.9(b) for so long as Dianon continues
to so assume the obligations of the Surviving Corporation.   (c) The
provisions of this Section 5.9 are (i) intended to be for the benefit of, and
will be enforceable by, each indemnified party, his or her heirs and his or
her representatives and (ii) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any
other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such Person may have
by contract or otherwise.   5.10 PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. Dianon and UroCor
will consult with each other before issuing, and provide each other the
opportunity to review, comment upon and concur with, any press release or
other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including the Merger, and shall not issue any such press release
or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as
either party may determine is required by applicable law, the SEC, court
process or by obligations pursuant to any listing or quotation agreement with
any national securities exchange or national trading system; provided,
however, that each party may respond to inquiries from stockholders,
financial analysts and media representatives in a manner consistent with its
past practice and applicable laws and regulations. The parties agree that the
initial press release to be issued with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form heretofore agreed to by
the parties.   5.11 ACCOUNTANT\'S LETTERS. UroCor shall use reasonable
efforts to cause to be delivered to Dianon two letters from UroCor\'s
independent public accountants, one dated approximately the date on which the
Form S-4 shall become effective and one dated the Closing Date, each
addressed to UroCor and Dianon, in form reasonably satisfactory to Dianon and
customary in scope for comfort letters delivered by independent public
accountants in connection with registration statements similar to the Form
S-4. Dianon shall use reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to UroCor
two letters from Dianon\'s independent public accountants, one dated
approximately the date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective and one
dated the Closing Date, each addressed to UroCor and Dianon, in form
reasonably satisfactory to UroCor and customary in scope for comfort letters
delivered by independent public accountants in connection with registration
statements similar to the Form S-4.   5.12 LISTING OF SHARES OF DIANON
COMMON STOCK. Dianon shall use its reasonable efforts to cause the shares of
Dianon Common Stock to be issued in the Merger and the shares of Dianon
Common Stock to be reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Assumed Stock
Options to be approved for quotation on the Nasdaq, prior to the Closing
Date.   5.13 AFFILIATES . Not less than 45 days prior to the Effective
Time, UroCor shall deliver to Dianon a letter identifying all Persons who, in
the judgment of UroCor, may be deemed at the time this Agreement is submitted
for adoption by the stockholders of UroCor, "affiliates" of UroCor for
purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act and applicable SEC rules and
regulations, and such list shall be updated as necessary to reflect changes
from the date thereof. UroCor shall use reasonable efforts to cause each
Person identified on such list to deliver to Dianon not less than 30 days
prior to the Effective Time, a written agreement substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit 5.13 hereto (an "Affiliate Agreement").   5.14 TAX
TREATMENT. The parties intend the Merger to qualify as reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Code. Each party and its affiliates shall use
reasonable efforts to cause the Merger to so qualify and to obtain
the opinions of Fulbright and Jaworski L.L.P., counsel to UroCor, and
Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft, counsel to Dianon, to the effect that the
Merger will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and that
Dianon and UroCor will each be a party to that reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code. For purposes of the tax opinions
described in Sections 6.2(c) and 6.3(c) of this Agreement, each of Dianon and
UroCor shall provide representation letters substantially in the form of
Exhibits 6.2(c)(2) and 6.2(c)(3), each dated on or about the date that is no
more than two Business Days prior to the date the Proxy Statement is mailed
to the stockholders of UroCor and reissued no more than two Business Days
prior to the Closing Date. Each of Dianon and UroCor and each of their
respective affiliates shall not take any action or fail to take any action,
cause any action to be taken or not taken, or suffer to exist any condition,
which action, failure to take action or condition would prevent, or would be
reasonably likely to prevent, the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   5.15 UROCOR EMPLOYEE
STOCK PURCHASE PLAN. On or before July 1, 2001, UroCor shall take such
actions as are necessary to amend the UroCor 1997 ESP Plan to provide that
(a) at the Effective Time, the offering period under the UroCor 1997 ESP Plan
in which the Effective Time occurs shall expire, (b) no shares of UroCor
Common Stock shall be purchased with respect to such offering period and (c)
at the Effective Time, UroCor shall pay to each participant in the UroCor
1997 ESP Plan in cash an amount equal to the aggregate amount of
such participant\'s payroll deduction contributions accumulated during such
offering period through the Effective Time.   ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT   6.1 CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER.
The respective obligations of UroCor, Dianon and Merger Sub to effect the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing
Date of the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approval. (i) UroCor
shall have obtained the Required UroCor Vote and (ii) Dianon shall have
obtained the Dianon Stockholder Approvals.   (b) No Injunctions or
Restraints, Illegality. No Laws shall have been adopted or promulgated, and
no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
order issued by a court or other Governmental Entity of competent
jurisdiction shall be in effect, (i) having the effect of making the Merger
illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger or (ii) which
otherwise, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon and its Subsidiaries (including the
Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries), taken together after giving
effect to the Merger.   (c) HSR Act. The waiting period (and any extension
thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall have been
terminated or shall have expired.   (d) Governmental and Regulatory
Approvals. Other than the filing provided for under Section 1.3 and filing
pursuant to the HSR Act (which is addressed in Section 6.1(c)), all consents,
approvals and actions of, filings with and notices to any Governmental Entity
required of Dianon, UroCor or any of their Subsidiaries to consummate the
Merger, the Share Issuance and the other transactions contemplated hereby,
the failure of which to be obtained or taken, individually or in the
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Dianon and its Subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation and its
Subsidiaries), taken together after giving effect to the Merger, shall have
been obtained. No consents, approvals, actions, filings or notices related to
any antitrust requirements of any jurisdiction, except as set forth in
Section 6.1(c) hereof, shall be a condition of closing under this Section
6.1(d).   (e) Nasdaq Listing. The shares of Dianon Common Stock to be
issued in the Merger and such other shares to be reserved for issuance in
connection with the Merger, including shares of Dianon Common Stock issuable
on exercise of the Assumed Stock Options, shall have been approved for
quotation on the Nasdaq.   (f) Effectiveness of the Form S-4. The Form S-4
shall have been declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act. No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Form S-4 shall have been
issued by the SEC and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been
initiated or threatened by the SEC.   (g) No Litigation by Governmental
Entities. There shall not be pending or threatened any suit, action or
proceeding by any Governmental Entity, (i) challenging the acquisition by
Dianon or Merger Sub of any shares of UroCor Common Stock, seeking to
restrain or prohibit consummation of the Merger, seeking to place limitations
on the ownership of shares of UroCor Common Stock (or shares of common stock
of the Surviving Corporation) by Dianon or Merger Sub, (ii) seeking to
prohibit or limit the ownership or operation by UroCor or Dianon and their
respective Subsidiaries of any material portion of the business or assets of
UroCor or Dianon and their respective Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or to
compel UroCor or Dianon and their respective Subsidiaries to dispose of or
hold separate any material portion of the business or assets of UroCor or
Dianon and their respective Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as a result of the
Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or (iii) seeking to prohibit Dianon or any of its Subsidiaries from
effectively controlling in any material respect the business or operations of
UroCor or Dianon and their respective Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   6.2
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF DIANON AND MERGER SUB. The
obligations of Dianon to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction of, or waiver by Dianon, on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Each _ of the
representations and warranties of UroCor set forth in this Agreement that is
qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and
correct, and each of the representations and warranties of UroCor set forth
in this Agreement that is not so qualified shall be true and correct in all
material respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the
extent in either case that such representations and warranties speak as of
another date), and Dianon shall have received a certificate of the chief
executive officer and the chief financial officer of UroCor to such
effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of UroCor. UroCor shall
have performed or complied with all agreements and covenants required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date that are
qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect and shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all other agreements and
covenants required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to
the Closing Date that are not so qualified, and Dianon shall have received a
certificate of the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of
UroCor to such effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. Dianon shall have received from
Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft, counsel to Dianon, on or before the date the
Form S-4 shall become effective and, subsequently, on the Closing Date, a
written opinion dated as of such dates substantially in the form of Exhibit
6.2(c)(1). In rendering such opinion, counsel to Dianon shall be entitled to
rely upon information, representations and assumptions provided by Dianon and
UroCor substantially in the form of Exhibits 6.2(c)(2) and 6.2(c)(3)
(allowing for such amendments to the representations as counsel to Dianon
deems reasonably necessary).   (d) UroCor Rights Agreement. No Stock
Acquisition Date or Distribution Date (as such terms are defined in the
UroCor Rights Agreement) shall have occurred pursuant to the UroCor Rights
Agreement.   (e) Governmental Inquiry. Subsequent to the date hereof, no
event or circumstance shall have occurred relating to any governmental review
or inquiry concerning any product or business practice which is likely to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on UroCor or its prospects.   (f) Legal
Opinion. Dianon shall have received from Fulbright and Jaworski L.L.P., counsel
to UroCor, a written opinion dated as of the Closing Date opining as to the
matters set forth in Exhibit 6.2(f).   (g) No Pending Litigation. All suits,
actions, proceedings and claims described in Section 6.2(g) of the UroCor
Disclosure Schedule (the "Pending Proceedings") shall have been fully and
finally resolved, UroCor shall have entered into a definitive settlement
agreement with all parties to any such Pending Proceeding, each Pending
Proceeding shall have been dismissed with prejudice, and each Governmental
Entity to each Pending Proceeding shall have agreed to refrain maintaining
any administrative claim or action with respect to UroCor and the subject
matter of any such Pending Proceeding.   6.3 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO
OBLIGATIONS OF UROCOR. The obligations of UroCor to effect the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction of, or waiver by UroCor, on or prior to the
Closing Date of the following additional conditions:   (a) Representations
and Warranties. Each _ of the representations and warranties of Dianon set
forth in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality or Material
Adverse Effect shall be true and correct, and each of the representations and
warranties of Dianon set forth in this Agreement that is not so qualified
shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of
the Closing Date (except to the extent in either case that
such representations and warranties speak as of another date), and UroCor
shall have received a certificate of the chief executive officer and the
chief financial officer of Dianon to such effect.   (b) Performance of
Obligations of Dianon. Dianon shall have performed or complied with all
agreements and covenants required to be performed by it under this Agreement
at or prior to the Closing Date that are qualified as to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect and shall have performed or complied in all material
respects with all other agreements and covenants required to be performed by
it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date that are not so
qualified, and UroCor shall have received a certificate of the
chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of Dianon to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. UroCor shall have received from Fulbright
and Jaworski L.L.P., counsel to UroCor, on or before the date the Form S-4
shall become effective and, subsequently, on the Closing Date, a written
opinion dated as of such dates substantially in the form of Exhibit
6.3(c)(1). In rendering such opinion, counsel to UroCor shall be entitled to
rely upon information, representations and assumptions provided by Dianon and
UroCor substantially in the form of Exhibits 6.2(c)(2) and 6.2(c)(3)
(allowing for such amendments to the representations as counsel to UroCor
deems reasonably necessary).   (d) Dianon Rights Agreement. No Share
Acquisition Date or Distribution Date (as such terms are defined in the
Dianon Rights Agreement) shall have occurred pursuant to the Dianon Rights
Agreement.   (e) Governmental Inquiry. Subsequent to the date hereof, no
event or circumstance shall have occurred relating to any governmental review
or inquiry concerning any product or business practice which is likely to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on Dianon or its prospects.   (f) Legal
Opinion. UroCor shall have received from Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft,
counsel to Dianon and Merger Sub, a written opinion dated as of the Closing
Date opining as to the matters set forth in Exhibit 6.3(f).   ARTICLE
VII   TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   7.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, by action taken or
authorized by the Board of Directors of the terminating party or parties, and
except as provided below, whether before or after approval of the matters
presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of UroCor or
Dianon:   (a) by mutual written consent of Dianon and UroCor; or   (b) by
either UroCor or Dianon:   (i) if the Effective Time shall not have occurred
on or before  December 31, 2001 (the "Termination Date"); provided, however,
that  the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b)(i) 
shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any  obligation
under this Agreement (including without limitation such  party\'s obligations
set forth in Section 5.3) has been the cause of,  or resulted in, the failure
of the Effective Time to occur on or  before the Termination Date and
provided further that if on the  Termination Date the conditions to Closing
set forth in Sections  6.1(c) or 6.1(d) shall not have been fulfilled but all
other  conditions to Closing shall be fulfilled or shall be capable of 
being fulfilled on the Termination Date then the Termination Date  shall be
automatically extended to March 31, 2002; or   (ii) if any Governmental
Entity (i) shall have issued an  order, decree or ruling or taken any other
action (which the parties  shall have used their reasonable efforts to
resist, resolve or lift,  as applicable, in accordance with Section 5.3)
permanently  restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, and such order, decree, ruling
or  other action shall have become final and nonappealable or (ii) shall 
have failed to issue an order, decree or ruling or to take any other  action
(which order, decree, ruling or other action the parties  shall have used
their reasonable efforts to obtain, in accordance  with Section 5.3), in the
case of each of (i) and (ii) which is  necessary to fulfill the conditions
set forth in Sections 6.1(c) and  (d), as applicable, and such denial of a
request to issue such  order, decree, ruling or take such other action shall
have become  final and nonappealable; provided, however, that the right to 
terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not be  available to
any party whose failure to comply with Section 5.3 has  been the cause of
such action or inaction; or   (iii) if the approval of the stockholders of
either UroCor or  Dianon contemplated by this Agreement shall not have been
obtained  by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at a duly
held  meeting of stockholders or of any adjournment thereof at which the 
vote was taken; or   (iv) if the Board of Directors of UroCor, after
complying with  Section 5.5(b), authorizes UroCor to enter into a definitive
written  agreement with a third party with respect to an Acquisition
Proposal  that the Board of Directors has determined is a Superior
Proposal;  or   (c) by Dianon, if there shall have been a breach by UroCor
of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations contained
in this Agreement, which breach would result in the failure to satisfy the
conditions set forth in Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b), and in any such
case such breach shall be incapable of being cured or, if capable of being
cured, shall not have been cured within 30 days after written notice thereof
shall have been received by the party alleged to be in breach; or   (d) by
Dianon:   (i) (A) if UroCor shall have failed to make the UroCor 
Recommendation or effected a Change in the UroCor Recommendation (or 
resolved to take any such action), whether or not permitted by the  terms
hereof, or shall have materially breached its obligations  under this
Agreement by reason of a failure to call or hold the  UroCor Stockholders
Meeting in accordance with Section 5.1(b), (B)  if UroCor or any of its
directors, officers employees, investment  bankers, financial advisors,
attorney, accountant or other  representative shall have breached Section
5.5, (C) if the Board of  Directors of UroCor or any committee thereof shall
approve or  recommend, or make any disclosure to the stockholders of
UroCor,  whether or not permitted pursuant to Section 5.5, that has the 
effect of approving or recommending, to the stockholders of UroCor  an
Acquisition Proposal, (D) if, after an Acquisition Proposal shall  have been
made public, the Board of Directors of UroCor fails to  affirm its
recommendation of the Merger and this Agreement as  promptly as practicable
(but in any event within three Business  Days) after any request from Dianon
or (E) if a tender offer or  exchange offer constituting an Acquisition
Proposal is commenced,  and the Board of Directors of UroCor fails to
recommend against  acceptance of such offer by the stockholders of UroCor
(including by  taking no position with respect to the acceptance of such
offer by  the stockholders of UroCor); or   (ii) if any Person shall have
consummated a tender offer or an  exchange offer or other transaction
constituting an Acquisition  Proposal; or   (e) by UroCor, if there shall
have been a breach by Dianon of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or obligations contained in this Agreement, which breach would
result in the failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 6.3(a)
or Section 6.3(b), and in any such case such breach shall be incapable of
being cured or, if capable of being cured, shall not have been cured within
30 days after written notice thereof shall have been received by the party
alleged to be in breach.   7.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION.   (a) In the event
of termination of this Agreement by either UroCor or Dianon as provided in
Section 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability or obligation on the part of Dianon or UroCor or their respective
officers or directors except with respect to Section 3.1(l), Section 3.2(l),
the covenants set forth in Section 5.2 to keep confidential certain
information, the second sentence of Section 5.4, Section 5.8, this Section
7.2 and Article VIII, which provisions shall survive such termination, and
except that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, neither Dianon nor UroCor shall be relieved or released from
any liabilities or damages arising out of its willful material breach of
this Agreement.   (b) In the event that this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to (1) Section 7.1(b)(iii) in respect of the approval of the
stockholders of UroCor not being obtained and prior to the meeting of UroCor
stockholders at which a vote is taken to approve this Agreement any Person
shall have made or publicly announced an intention to make an Acquisition
Proposal with respect to UroCor, (2) Section 7.1(d), (3) Section 7.1(c) and
within 12 months of such termination UroCor enters into a definitive
agreement with a third party with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, or (4)
Section 7.1(b)(iv), then in any such case UroCor shall promptly, but in no
event later than the date of such termination, pay to Dianon a termination
fee equal to $5,128,000 (the "Termination Fee"), payable by wire transfer of
same day funds; provided, however, that with respect to clause (3), such fee
shall be payable only as provided above and in such case no later than three
Business Days after the date a definitive agreement with a third party with
respect to an Acquisition Proposal is executed. UroCor acknowledges that the
agreements contained in this Section 7.2(b) are an integral part of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these
agreements, Dianon would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if
UroCor fails promptly to pay the amounts due pursuant to this Section 7.2(b),
and, in order to obtain such payment, Dianon commences a suit which results
in a judgment against UroCor for the amounts set forth in this Section
7.2(b), UroCor shall pay to Dianon its reasonable costs and expenses
(including attorneys\' fees and expenses) in connection with such suit,
together with interest on the amounts set forth in this Section 7.2(b) at the
prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in effect on the date such payment was required
to be made.   (c) UroCor shall reimburse Dianon for all expenses incurred
by Dianon and Merger Sub in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement up to a maximum amount
of $1,000,000 in the event this Agreement is terminated by Dianon in
the circumstances described in Section 7.2(b), within two Business Days after
being notified by Dianon. All payments made pursuant to this Section 7.2(c)
shall be made by wire transfer of same day funds.   7.3 AMENDMENT. This
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized
by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after approval
of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of
UroCor and Dianon, but, after any such approval, no amendment shall be made
which by law or in accordance with the rules of any relevant stock exchange
requires further approval by such stockholders without such further approval.
This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed
on behalf of each of the parties hereto.   7.4 EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any
time prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or
authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, may, to the extent
legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein or in any
document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a
party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth
in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any
party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement
or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those rights.   ARTICLE
VIII   GENERAL PROVISIONS   8.1 NON-SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS,
WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS. None of the representations, warranties, covenants
and other agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of
such representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements, shall
survive the Effective Time, except for those covenants and agreements
contained herein and therein (including Section 5.9) that by their terms
apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time and
this Article VIII.   8.2 NOTICES. All notices and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date
of delivery if delivered personally, or by telecopy or telefacsimile, upon
confirmation of receipt, (b) on the first Business Day following the date of
dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the
tenth Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices
hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other
instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such
notice:   (a) if to Dianon or Merger Sub, to:  DIANON Systems, Inc.  200
Watson Boulevard  Stratford, CT 06615  Fax: (203) 381-4017  Attention:
Chief Financial Officer   with a copy to:   Cadwalader, Wickersham and
Taft  100 Maiden Lane  New York, New York 10038  Fax: (212) 504-6666 
Attention: Dennis J. Block, Esq.   (b) if to UroCor to:  UroCor, Inc.  840
Research Parkway  Oklahoma City, OK 73104  Fax: (405) 290-4059  Attention:
Chief Financial Officer   with a copy to:   Fulbright and Jaworski L.L.P. 
1301 McKinney, Suite 5100  Houston, Texas 77010  Fax: (713) 651-5246 
Attention: Robert E. Wilson, Esq.   8.3 INTERPRETATION. When a reference is
made in this Agreement to Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference
shall be to a Section of or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include",
"includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to
be followed by the words "without limitation.   8.4 COUNTERPARTS. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other parties, including by facsimile, it being understood that all
parties need not sign the same counterpart.   8.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD
PARTY BENEFICIARIES. (a) This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, and
the other agreements of the parties referred to herein constitute the entire
agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written
and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  
(b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of
each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit
or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement,
other than Section 5.9 (which is intended to be for the benefit of the
Persons covered thereby and may be enforced by such Persons). For purposes of
clarity, nothing in Sections 1.8, 5.7 and 5.9 is intended to confer upon any
UroCor employee, any benefits under any benefits plan, programs, policies or
other arrangements, including, but not limited to, the right to employment or
continued employment with Dianon for any period by reason of this
Agreement.   8.6 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without
giving effect to choice of law principles thereof).   8.7 SEVERABILITY. If
any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of
the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated
to the greatest extent possible.   8.8 ASSIGNMENT. Neither this Agreement
nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned
by any of the parties hereto, in whole or in part (whether by operation of
law or otherwise), without the prior written consent of the other party, and
any attempt to make any such assignment without such consent shall be null
and void, except that Merger Sub may assign, in its sole discretion, any or
all of its rights, interests and obligations under this Agreement to any
direct wholly owned Subsidiary of Dianon without the consent of UroCor, but
no such assignment shall relieve Merger Sub of any of its obligations under
this Agreement. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and
their respective successors and assigns.   8.9 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION;
WAIVERS. Each of Dianon, Merger Sub and UroCor irrevocably agrees that any
legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or for recognition
and enforcement of any judgment in respect hereof brought by another party
hereto or its successors or assigns may be brought and determined in the
Chancery or other Courts of the State of Delaware, and each of Dianon, Merger
Sub and UroCor hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any such action or
proceeding for itself and in respect to its property, generally and
unconditionally, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts.
Each of Dianon, Merger Sub and UroCor hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees
not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in
any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim
that it is not Personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named
courts for any reason other than the failure to lawfully serve process (b)
that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such
court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through
service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of
execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise), and (c) to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that (i) the suit, action or
proceeding in any such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the
venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper and (iii) this
Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such
courts.   8.10 ENFORCEMENT. The parties agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly
agreed that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the
terms hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity.   8.11 DEFINITIONS. As used in this
Agreement:   (a) "beneficial ownership" or "beneficially own" shall have
the meaning under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder.   (b) "Board of Directors" means the Board of
Directors of any specified Person and any committees thereof.   (c)
"Business Day" means any day on which banks are not required or authorized to
close in the City of New York.   (d) "Confidentiality Agreement" means the
Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2000, between Dianon and
UroCor.   (e) "known" or "knowledge" means, with respect to any party,
the knowledge of such party\'s executive officers after reasonable
inquiry.   (f) "Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to any entity,
any event, change, circumstance, effect, occurrence, condition, development
or state of facts that is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to
(i) the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations of
such entity and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than any event,
change, circumstance, effect, occurrence, condition, development or state of
facts relating (x) to the economy or financial markets in general or (y) in
general to the industries in which such entity operates and not specifically
relating to (or having the effect of specifically relating to or having a
materially disproportionate effect (relative to most other industry
participants) on) such entity or (ii) the ability of such entity to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. All references to
Material Adverse Effect on Dianon or its Subsidiaries contained in this
Agreement shall be deemed to refer solely to Dianon and its Subsidiaries
without including its ownership of UroCor and its Subsidiaries after the
Merger.   (g) "the other party" means, with respect to UroCor, Dianon
or Merger Sub, and with respect to Dianon or Merger Sub, UroCor.   (h)
"Person" means an individual, corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, association, trust, unincorporated organization, other entity or
group (as defined in the Exchange Act).   (i) "Subsidiary" when used with
respect to any party means any corporation or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated, (i) of which such party or any other
subsidiary of such party is a general partner (excluding partnerships, the
general partnership interests of which held by such party or any subsidiary
of such party do not have a majority of the voting interests in such
partnership) or (ii) at least a majority of the securities or other interests
of which having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of
the Board of Directors or others performing similar functions with respect to
such corporation or other organization is directly or indirectly owned or
controlled by such party or by any one or more of its subsidiaries, or by
such party and one or more of its subsidiaries.          IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, Dianon, Merger Sub and UroCor have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the
date first written above.   DIANON SYSTEMS, INC.   By: Kevin C. Johnson 
--------------------------------------  Name: Kevin C. Johnson  Title:
President and Chief  Executive Officer   UROCOR ACQUISITION CORP.   By:
Kevin C. Johnson  --------------------------------------  Name: Kevin C.
Johnson  Title: President    UROCOR, INC.   By: Michael W. George 
--------------------------------------  Name: Michael W. George  Title:
President and Chief  Executive Officer           INDEX OF DEFINED
TERMS  Acquisition
Agreement...................................................5.5(b) Acquisition
Proposal....................................................5.5(a) Actions..............................................................3.1(h)(i) affiliate.................................................................2.13 Affiliate
Agreement.......................................................5.13 Agreement.............................................................Recitals Alternative
Merger Structure............................................1.1(b) Assumed
Stock
Option.......................................................1.8  beneficial
ownership...................................................8.11(a) beneficially
own.......................................................8.11(a) Blue Sky
Laws......................................................3.1(c)(iii) Board
of
Directors.....................................................8.11(b) Business
Day...........................................................8.11(c)  Certificate.............................................................1.7(b) Certificate
of Merger......................................................1.3 Change in
the UroCor
Recommendation.....................................5.1(b) Closing....................................................................1.2 Closing
Date...............................................................1.2 COBRA...................................................................3.1(s) Code..................................................................Recitals Confidentiality
Agreement..............................................8.11(d) Contract............................................................3.1(c)(ii)  DandO;
Insurance...........................................................5.9(b) Determination
Date......................................................1.7(a) DGCL....................................................................1.1(a) Dianon................................................................Recitals Dianon
Benefit
Agreements...............................................3.1(q) Dianon
Benefit
Plans....................................................3.1(q) Dianon Board
Approval...................................................3.1(f) Dianon
Common
Stock...................................................Recitals Dianon
Commonly Controlled
Entity.......................................3.1(q) Dianon Disclosure
Schedule.................................................3.1 Dianon Market
Price.................................................1.7(a)(ii) Dianon
Multiemployer Pension
Plan..................................3.1(r)(iii) Dianon Pension
Plans.................................................3.1(r)(i) Dianon
Permits......................................................3.1(h)(ii) Dianon
Rights........................................................3.1(b)(i) Dianon
Rights
Agreement..............................................3.1(b)(i) Dianon SEC
Reports...................................................3.1(d)(i) Dianon
Stock Option
Plans............................................3.1(b)(i) Dianon Stock
Options................................................ 3.1(b)(i) Dianon
Stockholder
Approvals.........................................3.1(c)(i) Dianon
Stockholders
Meeting.............................................5.1(c) Dianon Voting
Debt................................................. 3.1(b)(ii)  Effective
Time.............................................................1.3 Environmental
Laws......................................................3.1(j) Environmental
Liabilities...............................................3.1(j) ERISA.....................................................3.1(r)(i),
3.2(s)(i) Exchange
Act.......................................................3.1(c)(iii) Exchange
Agent.............................................................2.1 Exchange
Fund..............................................................2.1 Exchange
Ratio..........................................................1.7(a) Expenses...................................................................5.8  Form
S-4................................................................5.1(a)  GAAP.................................................................3.1(d)(i) Governmental
Entity................................................3.1(c)(iii)  Hazardous
Materials.....................................................3.1(j) HSR
Act............................................................3.1(c)(iii)  Intellectual
Property Rights.........................................3.1(k)(i)  Joint
Proxy
Statement/Prospectus........................................5.1(a)  knowledge..............................................................8.11(e) known..................................................................8.11(e)  Liens...............................................................3.1(a)(ii)  Material
Adverse Effect................................................8.11(f) Maximum
Premium.........................................................5.9(b) Merger................................................................Recitals Merger
Consideration....................................................1.7(a) Merger
Sub............................................................Recitals  Nasdaq..................................................................1.7(a) Necessary
Consents.................................................3.1(c)(iii)  Pending
Proceedings.....................................................6.2(g) Person.................................................................8.11(h) Primary
UroCor
Executive............................................3.2(s)(vi)  Random
Trading
Days.....................................................1.7(a)  SEC.......................................................................2.13 Securities
Act............................................................2.13 Share
Issuance.......................................................3.1(c)(i) Subsidiary.............................................................8.11(i) Superior
Proposal.......................................................5.5(a) Surviving
Corporation...................................................1.1(a)  Tax...............................................................3.1(n)(viii) Tax
Return........................................................3.1(n)(viii) Taxes.............................................................3.1(n)(viii) Termination
Date.....................................................7.1(b)(i) Termination
Fee.........................................................7.2(b) the other
party........................................................8.11(g)  UroCor................................................................Recitals UroCor
1997 ESP
Plan.................................................3.2(b)(i) UroCor 2001
Bonus Plan..................................................3.2(i) UroCor
Benefit
Agreements...............................................3.2(r) UroCor
Benefit
Plans....................................................3.2(r) UroCor Board
Approval...................................................3.2(f) UroCor
Commonly Controlled
Entity.......................................3.2(r) UroCor Common
Stock...................................................Recitals UroCor
Disclosure
Schedule.................................................3.2 UroCor
Multiemployer Pension
Plan..................................3.2(s)(iii) UroCor Pension
Plans.................................................3.2(s)(i) UroCor
Permits......................................................3.2(h)(ii) UroCor
Recommendation...................................................5.1(b) UroCor
Rights........................................................3.2(b)(i) UroCor
Rights
Agreement..............................................3.2(b)(i) UroCor SEC
Reports...................................................3.2(d)(i) UroCor
Stock Option
Plans............................................3.2(b)(i) UroCor Stock
Options.................................................3.2(b)(i) UroCor
Stockholders
Meeting.............................................5.1(b) UroCor Voting
Debt..................................................3.2(b)(ii)  Violation...........................................................3.1(c)(ii)  WARN
Act................................................................3.1(s)      '

