 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    Exhibit
2.1           AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   DATED AS OF JULY 13,
2002   AMONG   PFIZER INC.,   PILSNER ACQUISITION SUB CORP.   AND  
PHARMACIA CORPORATION   TABLE OF CONTENTS     Page  ----  ~~  
ARTICLE I   THE MERGER; CERTAIN RELATED MATTERS  Section 1.1 The
Merger.................................................... 2 Section 1.2
Closing....................................................... 2 Section 1.3
Effective Time................................................ 2 Section 1.4
Effects of the Merger......................................... 2 Section 1.5
Certificate of Incorporation.................................. 2 Section 1.6
Bylaws........................................................ 2 Section 1.7
Officers and Directors........................................ 3 Section 1.8
Effect on Capital Stock....................................... 3 Section 1.9
Company Stock Options and Other Equity-Based Awards........... 4 Section 1.10
Certain Adjustments........................................... 5 Section 1.11
Associated Rights............................................. 6 Section 1.12
Appraisal Rights.............................................. 6    ARTICLE
II   EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES  Section 2.1 Exchange
Fund................................................. 6 Section 2.2 Exchange
Procedures........................................... 6 Section 2.3
Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares; Voting...... 7 Section 2.4
No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock........... 8 Section 2.5
No Fractional Shares of Parent Common Stock................... 8 Section 2.6
Termination of Exchange Fund.................................. 9 Section 2.7
No Liability.................................................. 9 Section 2.8
Investment of the Exchange Fund............................... 9 Section 2.9
Lost Certificates............................................. 9 Section 2.10
Withholding Rights............................................ 9 Section 2.11
Further Assurances............................................ 10 Section
2.12 Stock Transfer Books..........................................
10 Section 2.13
Affiliates.................................................... 10   
ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  Section 3.1 Representations
and Warranties of Parent...................... 10    -i-    ~~  Section
3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Company................. 20 Section
3.3 Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub....... 30   
ARTICLE IV   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  Section 4.1
Covenants of Parent........................................... 30 Section 4.2
Covenants of the Company...................................... 32 Section 4.3
Monsanto Indebtedness......................................... 36 Section 4.4
Governmental Filings.......................................... 36 Section 4.5
Control of Other Party\'s Business............................. 36 Section
4.6 Actions to Company Benefit Plans.............................. 37 Section
4.7 Exchange of Preferred Stock................................... 37   
ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  Section 5.1 Preparation of Proxy
Statement; Stockholders Meetings......... 37 Section 5.2 Access to
Information/Employees............................... 40 Section 5.3
Reasonable Best Efforts....................................... 41 Section 5.4
Acquisition Proposals......................................... 43 Section 5.5
Employee Benefits Matters..................................... 44 Section 5.6
Fees and Expenses............................................. 46 Section 5.7
Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification and Insurance........ 46 Section
5.8 Public Announcements.......................................... 47 Section
5.9 Accountant\'s Letters..........................................
47 Section 5.10 Listing of Shares of Parent Common
Stock...................... 47 Section 5.11
Dividends..................................................... 48 Section
5.12 Affiliates....................................................
48 Section 5.13 Section 16
Matters............................................ 48 Section 5.14 Tax
Treatment................................................. 48 Section 5.15
Tax Certificates.............................................. 49 Section
5.16 Completion of Spin-off or Sale of Monsanto....................
49 Section 5.17 Restructure of
Transaction.................................... 49 Section 5.18 Election to
Parent\'s Board of Directors....................... 49    ARTICLE VI  
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to
Effect the Merger.... 49 Section 6.2 Additional Conditions to Obligations of
Parent and Merger Sub. 50 Section 6.3 Additional Conditions to Obligations of
the Company........... 51    -ii-   ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION AND
AMENDMENT    ~~  Section 7.1
General....................................................... 52 Section 7.2
Obligations in Event of Termination........................... 54 Section 7.3
Amendment..................................................... 56 Section 7.4
Extension; Waiver............................................. 56 Section 7.5
No Effect on Existing Agreements.............................. 56   
ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL PROVISIONS  Section 8.1 Non-Survival of
Representations, Warranties and Agreements.... 57 Section 8.2
Notices....................................................... 57 Section 8.3
Interpretation................................................ 58 Section 8.4
Counterparts.................................................. 58 Section 8.5
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries................ 58 Section 8.6
Governing Law................................................. 58 Section 8.7
Severability.................................................. 58 Section 8.8
Assignment.................................................... 59 Section 8.9
Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers........................... 59 Section
8.10 Enforcement...................................................
59 Section 8.11
Definitions................................................... 59    
-iii-   LIST OF EXHIBITS    Exhibit Title ------- -----  ~~  1.8(b)
Certificate of Designations for Parent Convertible Preferred Stock 5.12 Form
of Affiliate Letter 5.15 Form of the Company Spin-Off Representations Letter
to Cadwalader,  Wickersham and Taft 6.2(c)(1) Form of Tax Opinion of
Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft 6.2(c)(2) Form of Parent Tax Representations
Letter 6.2(c)(3) Form of the Company Tax Representations Letter 6.3(c)(1)
Form of Tax Opinion of Sullivan and Cromwell    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER,
dated as of July 13, 2002 (this "Agreement"), among PFIZER INC., a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), PILSNER ACQUISITION SUB CORP., a Delaware corporation
and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and PHARMACIA
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Company" and collectively with
Parent and Merger Sub, the "parties").    W I T N E S S E T H:  - - - - -
- - - - -    WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of the Company
and Parent deem it advisable and in the best interests of each corporation
and its respective stockholders that the Company and Parent engage in a
business combination in order to advance the long-term strategic business
interests of the Company and Parent;    WHEREAS, the combination of the
Company and Parent shall be effected by the terms of this Agreement through a
merger as outlined below (the "Merger");    WHEREAS, in furtherance
thereof, the respective Boards of Directors of the Company and Parent have
approved the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in this Agreement, pursuant to which each share of common stock, par value
$2.00 per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock") issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined in Section
1.3), other than shares owned or held directly or indirectly by Parent or
directly or indirectly by the Company, together with the associated
Company Rights (as defined in Section 3.2(b)) will be converted into the
right to receive shares of common stock, par value $0.05 per share, of Parent
("Parent Common Stock") as set forth in Section 1.8 and each share of
preferred stock that has been issued (as contemplated and permitted by
Sections 4.2(c) and 4.7) in exchange for the then outstanding shares of
Series B Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
the Company (the currently existing preferred stock being the "Series B
Preferred Stock" and the newly issued shares of preferred stock being the
"Company Convertible Preferred Stock") issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be converted into the right to receive one
share of a new series of convertible preferred stock to be issued by Parent
at the Effective Time and to be designated as Series A Convertible Perpetual
Preferred Stock ("Parent Convertible Preferred Stock") as set forth in
Section 1.8;    WHEREAS, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended
that the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
and the regulations promulgated thereunder; and    NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:  
-1-   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER; CERTAIN RELATED MATTERS   Section 1.1 The
Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, and in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
"DGCL"), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company at the
Effective Time. Following the Merger, the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation").   Section 1.2 Closing. Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Article VI, and the
termination rights set forth in Article VII, the closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place on the first Business Day after the satisfaction
or waiver (subject to applicable law) of the conditions (excluding conditions
that, by their nature, cannot be satisfied until the Closing Date, but
subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions) set forth in
Article VI, unless this Agreement has been previously terminated pursuant to
its terms or unless another time or date is agreed to in writing by the
parties (the actual time and date of the Closing being referred to herein as
the "Closing Date"). The Closing shall be held at the offices of Cadwalader,
Wickersham and Taft, 100 Maiden Lane, New York, New York, 10038, unless another
place is agreed to in writing by the parties.   Section 1.3 Effective Time.
As soon as practicable following the satisfaction or waiver (subject to
applicable law) of the conditions set forth in Article VI, at the Closing the
parties shall (i) file a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger")
in such form as is required by, and executed in accordance with, the relevant
provisions of the DGCL and (ii) make all other filings or recordings required
under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the
Certificate of Merger is duly filed with the Delaware Secretary of State or
at such subsequent time as Parent and the Company shall agree and as shall be
specified in the Certificate of Merger (the date and time the Merger becomes
effective being the "Effective Time").   Section 1.4 Effects of the Merger.
At and after the Effective Time, the Merger will have the effects set forth
in the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject
thereto, at the Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers
and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall be vested in the Surviving
Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger
Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving
Corporation.   Section 1.5 Certificate of Incorporation. The certificate
of incorporation of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation, until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by
applicable law.   Section 1.6 Bylaws. The bylaws of Merger Sub, as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein
or by applicable law.    -2-   Section 1.7 Officers and Directors. From
and after the Effective Time, until successors are duly elected or appointed
and qualified in accordance with applicable law, (i) the directors of Merger
Sub at the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation
and (ii) the officers of the Company at the Effective Time shall be the
officers of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 1.8 Effect on Capital
Stock.   (a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without
any action on the part of the holder thereof, each share of Company Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
than shares of Company Common Stock owned by Parent or Merger Sub or held by
the Company, all of which shall be canceled as provided in Section 1.8(d)),
together with the associated Company Rights (as defined in Section 3.2(b)),
shall be converted into 1.4 validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Parent Common Stock (the "Exchange Ratio") and the associated
Parent Rights (as defined in Section 3.1(b)) (together with any cash in lieu
of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock to be paid pursuant to Section
2.5, the "Common Stock Merger Consideration").   (b) At the Effective Time,
by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof, each share of Company Convertible Preferred Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, except as provided
in Section 1.12 with respect to the shares of Company Convertible Preferred
Stock as to which appraisal rights have been exercised, be converted into the
right to receive one share of Parent Convertible Preferred Stock (the
"Preferred Merger Consideration" and together with the Common Stock Merger
Consideration, the "Merger Consideration") having terms substantially as set
forth in the form of the Series A Convertible Perpetual Preferred
Stock Certificate of Designations attached as Exhibit 1.8(b) hereto. Prior to
the Closing, Parent shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve
for issuance a sufficient number of shares of Parent Common Stock for
delivery upon conversion of the Parent Convertible Preferred Stock.   (c)
As a result of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders
thereof, at the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock (together
with the associated Company Rights) and Company Convertible Preferred Stock
shall cease to be outstanding and shall be canceled and retired and
shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate or certificates
which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such shares of
Company Common Stock ("Common Certificates") or of Company Convertible
Preferred Stock ("Preferred Certificates" and together with the Common
Certificates, the "Certificates") shall thereafter cease to have any rights
with respect to such shares of Company Common Stock (together with the
associated Company Rights) or Company Convertible Preferred Stock,
respectively, except as provided herein or by law.   (d) Each share of
Company Common Stock and Company Convertible Preferred Stock owned by Parent,
Merger Sub or any other wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent or held by the
Company at the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger, cease to be
outstanding and shall be canceled and retired and no stock of Parent or other
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.    -3-   (e) At
the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time, shall be converted into one validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable share of common stock, par value $2.00 per share, of
the Surviving Corporation.   Section 1.9 Company Stock Options and Other
Equity-Based Awards.   (a) Each Company Stock Option (as defined in Section
3.2(b)) that was granted pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans (as
defined in Section 3.2(b)) prior to the Effective Time and which remains
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to represent
a right to acquire shares of Company Common Stock and shall be converted, at
the Effective Time, into an option to acquire, on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable under the Company Stock Option (but taking into
account any changes thereto provided for in the Company Stock Option Plans or
in such option by reason of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby), that number of shares of Parent Common Stock determined by
multiplying the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such
Company Stock Option by the Exchange Ratio, rounded, if necessary, to the
nearest whole share of Parent Common Stock, at a price per share (rounded to
the nearest one-hundredth of a cent) equal to the per share exercise price
specified in such Company Stock Option divided by the Exchange Ratio;
provided, however, that in the case of any Company Stock Option to
which Section 421 of the Code applies by reason of its qualification under
Section 422 of the Code, the option price, the number of shares subject to
such option and the terms and conditions of exercise of such option shall be
determined in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 424(a) of
the Code. On or prior to the Effective Time, the Company will take all
actions necessary such that all Company Stock Options outstanding prior to
the Effective Time under the Company Stock Option Plans are treated in
accordance with the immediately preceding sentences, including, but not
limited to, precluding the holder of each Company Stock Option from receiving
any cash payments in respect of such Option in connection with the
Merger.   (b) Effective at the Effective Time, Parent shall assume
each Company Stock Option in accordance with the terms of the Company Stock
Option Plan under which it was issued and the stock option agreement by which
it is evidenced. As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, but no
later than five (5) Business Days after the Effective Time, Parent shall
deliver to the holders of Company Stock Options appropriate notices setting
forth such holders\' rights pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans
(including that, in connection with the Merger and pursuant to the terms of
the Company Stock Option Plans, the Company Stock Options of such holders
have become fully vested and exercisable) and the agreements evidencing the
grants of such Company Stock Options shall continue in effect on the same
terms and conditions. To the extent permitted by law, Parent shall comply
with the terms of the Company Stock Option Plans and shall take such
reasonable steps as are necessary or required by, and subject to the
provisions of, such Company Stock Option Plans, to have the Company
Stock Options which qualified as incentive stock options prior to the
Effective Time continue to qualify as incentive stock options of Parent after
the Effective Time.   (c) Prior to the Closing, Parent shall take all
corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of
shares of Parent Common Stock for delivery upon    -4-  exercise of
Company Stock Options or in connection with restricted shares or
in connection with the settlement of stock accounts in accordance with this
Section 1.9 or in connection with any other Company Benefit Plan for which
shares of Parent Common Stock are required to be reserved for issuance.
Promptly after the Effective Time, but no later than five (5) Business Days
after the Effective Time, Parent shall file a registration statement on Form
S-3 or Form S-8, as the case may be (or any successor or other appropriate
forms), with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock subject to such
options or restricted shares or stock accounts or Company Benefit Plans for
which registration of shares of Parent Common Stock is required and shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such
registration statement or registration statements (and maintain the current
status of the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein) for so long as
such options, restricted shares or stock accounts remain outstanding or for
so long as such registration statement is required with respect to any other
Company Benefit Plan. With respect to those individuals who subsequent to the
Merger will be subject to the reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), where
applicable, Parent shall administer the Company Stock Option Plans in a
manner consistent with the exemptions provided by Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act.   (d) Each restricted share of Company Common Stock,
and other Company stock awards granted pursuant to the Company Stock Option
Plans or Company Benefit Plans which are outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be converted, as of the Effective Time, into a number of
shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of (1) the number of
shares subject to the award and (2) the Exchange Ratio; and the number of
shares of Parent Common Stock as so determined shall be delivered to the
holder of each such award as soon as practicable following the Effective
Time. Such converted awards shall otherwise be subject to the same terms,
conditions and restrictions, if any, as were applicable to such awards under
the relevant Company Stock Option Plan or Company Benefit Plan. Similarly,
all Company Stock Option Plans and Company Benefit Plans (and awards
thereunder, including stock appreciation rights) providing for cash payments
measured by the value of Company Common Stock shall be deemed to refer to the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the result of multiplying
such number of shares of Company Common Stock by the Exchange Ratio, and such
cash payments shall otherwise be made on the same terms, conditions and
restrictions, if any, as were applicable under the relevant Company Stock
Option Plan or Company Benefit Plan.   Section 1.10 Certain Adjustments. If,
between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding
Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock shall have been changed into a
different number of shares or different class by reason of any
reclassification, recapitalization, stock split, split-up, combination or
exchange of shares or a stock dividend or dividend payable in any other
securities shall be declared with a record date within such period, or any
similar event shall have occurred, the Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately
adjusted to provide to the holders of Company Common Stock the same economic
effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such event; provided,
however, that there shall be no adjustment as a result of any dividend or
distribution to the Company\'s stockholders of the stock of Monsanto Company
("Monsanto") pursuant to the spin-off of Monsanto as described in
the Company\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2001 (the "Monsanto Spin-Off").   -5-   Section 1.11 Associated Rights.
References in Article I and Article II of this Agreement to Company Common
Stock shall include, unless the context requires otherwise, the associated
Company Rights and references in Article I and Article II of this Agreement
to Parent Common Stock shall include, unless the context requires otherwise,
the associated Parent Rights.   Section 1.12 Appraisal Rights.   (a)
Notwithstanding Section 1.8, shares of Company Convertible Preferred Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by a holder who
has not voted in favor of the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who
has demanded appraisal for such shares of Company Convertible Preferred Stock
in accordance with the DGCL shall not be converted into a right to receive
the Preferred Merger Consideration, unless such holder fails to perfect or
withdraws or otherwise loses his right to appraisal in accordance with the
DGCL. If, after the Effective Time, such holder fails to perfect or withdraws
or loses his right to appraisal, such shares of Company Convertible Preferred
Stock shall be treated as if they had been converted as of the Effective Time
into a right to receive the Preferred Merger Consideration.   (b) The
Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any demands for appraisal
received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any other
instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company and (ii)
the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect
to demands for appraisal under the DGCL. The Company shall not, except with
the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to any
demands for appraisal or offer to settle or settle any such demands.  
ARTICLE II   EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   Section 2.1 Exchange Fund. Prior
to the Effective Time, Parent shall appoint a commercial bank or trust
company to act as exchange agent hereunder (which entity shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Company) for the purpose of exchanging Certificates for the
Merger Consideration (the "Exchange Agent"). At or prior to the Effective
Time, Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit
of holders of shares of Company Common Stock and Company Convertible
Preferred Stock, certificates representing the Parent Common Stock issuable
pursuant to Section 1.8 in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock and certificates representing the Parent Convertible Preferred Stock
issuable pursuant to Section 1.8 in exchange for outstanding shares
of Company Convertible Preferred Stock. Parent agrees to make available
directly or indirectly to the Exchange Agent from time to time as needed,
cash sufficient to pay cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section
2.5 and any dividends and other distributions pursuant to Section 2.3. Any
cash and certificates of Parent Common Stock and Parent Convertible Preferred
Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent shall hereinafter be referred to as
the "Exchange Fund."   Section 2.2 Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to
mail to each holder of record of a Certificate (i) a letter of transmittal
which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the    -6-  Exchange Agent, and which letter shall be in
customary form and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably
specify (such letter to be reasonably acceptable to the Company prior to the
Effective Time) and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of such
Certificates in exchange for the applicable Merger Consideration. Upon
surrender of a Certificate to the Exchange Agent together with such letter of
transmittal, duly executed and completed in accordance with the instructions
thereto, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the
Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive
in exchange therefor (i) in the case of holders of Common Certificates (A)
one or more shares of Parent Common Stock (which shall be in uncertificated
book-entry form unless a physical certificate is requested) representing, in
the aggregate, the whole number of shares that such holder has the right to
receive pursuant to Section 1.8 (after taking into account all shares of
Company Common Stock then held by such holder) and (B) a check in the amount
equal to the cash that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the
provisions of this Article II, consisting of cash in lieu of any
fractional shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.5 and
dividends and other distributions pursuant to Section 2.3 and (ii) in the
case of holders of Preferred Certificates (A) one or more shares of Parent
Convertible Preferred Stock (which shall be in uncertificated book-entry form
unless a physical certificate is requested) representing, in the aggregate,
the number of shares that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to
Section 1.8 and (B) a check in the amount equal to the cash that such holder
has the right to receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article II,
consisting of dividends and other distributions pursuant to Section 2.3. No
interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash payable pursuant to Section
2.3 or Section 2.5. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common
Stock or Company Convertible Preferred Stock which is not registered in the
transfer records of the Company, one or more shares of Parent Common Stock or
Parent Convertible Preferred Stock evidencing, in the aggregate, the proper
number of shares of Parent Common Stock or Parent Convertible Preferred
Stock, a check in the proper amount of cash in lieu of any fractional shares
of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends or other
distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.3, may
be issued with respect to such Company Common Stock or Company Convertible
Preferred Stock to such a transferee if the Certificate representing such
shares of Company Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent,
accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer
and to evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.  
Section 2.3 Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares; Voting.   (a)
All shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Convertible Preferred Stock to
be issued pursuant to the Merger shall be deemed issued and outstanding as of
the Effective Time and whenever a dividend or other distribution is declared
by Parent in respect of the Parent Common Stock or Parent Convertible
Preferred Stock, as the case may be, the record date for which is at or after
the Effective Time, that declaration shall include dividends or other
distributions in respect of all shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement;
provided that no dividends or other distributions declared or made in respect
of the Parent Common Stock or Parent Convertible Preferred Stock, as the case
may be, with a record date that is 180 days or more after the Effective Time
shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate until the holder
of such Certificate shall surrender such Certificate in accordance with this
Article II. Subject to the effect of applicable laws, following surrender of
any such Certificate, there shall be paid to such holder of shares of Parent
Common Stock or Parent Convertible Preferred Stock    -7-  issuable in
exchange therefor, without interest, (a) promptly after the time of such
surrender, the amount of any cash payable in lieu of fractional shares
of Parent Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section
2.5 and the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares
of Parent Common Stock, and (b) at the appropriate payment date, the amount
of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective
Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to such
surrender payable with respect to such shares of Parent Common Stock. (b) For
a period of one year following the Closing, holders of unsurrendered
Certificates shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of Parent stockholders
the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Convertible
Preferred Stock represented by such Certificates, regardless of whether such
holders have exchanged their Certificates.   Section 2.4 No Further
Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All shares of Parent Common Stock
and Parent Convertible Preferred Stock issued and cash paid upon conversion
of shares of Company Common Stock or Company Convertible Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of Article I and this Article II (including any
cash paid pursuant to Section 2.3 or 2.5) shall be deemed to have been issued
or paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of
Company Common Stock and Company Convertible Preferred Stock, as the case may
be.   Section 2.5 No Fractional Shares of Parent Common Stock.   (a) No
certificates or scrip or shares of Parent Common Stock representing
fractional shares of Parent Common Stock or book-entry credit of the same
shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates and such
fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or
to have any rights of a stockholder of Parent or a holder of shares of
Parent Common Stock.   (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, each holder of shares of Company Common Stock exchanged pursuant
to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of
a share of Parent Common Stock (after taking into account all Certificates
delivered by such holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without
interest) in an amount equal to the product of (i) such fractional part of a
share of Parent Common Stock multiplied by (ii) the closing price for a share
of Parent Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. ("NYSE")
Composite Transactions Tape on the date of the Effective Time or, if such
date is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately following the date
on which the Effective Time occurs. Such payment of cash consideration in
lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock is not expected to exceed,
in the aggregate, 1% of the total Merger Consideration.   (c) As promptly
as practicable after the determination of the amount of cash, if any, to be
paid to holders of fractional interests, the Exchange Agent shall so notify
Parent, and Parent shall deposit or cause the Surviving Corporation to
deposit such amount with the Exchange Agent and shall cause the Exchange
Agent to forward payments to such holders of fractional interests subject to
and in accordance with the terms hereof.    -8-   Section 2.6 Termination
of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains
undistributed to the holders of Certificates for six months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent or otherwise on the instruction
of Parent, and any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore
complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for the
Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock or
Company Convertible Preferred Stock, as the case may be, formerly
represented thereby to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section
1.8 and Section 2.2, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common
Stock to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section 2.5 and any
dividends or distributions with respect to shares of Parent Common Stock or
Parent Convertible Preferred Stock to which such holders are entitled
pursuant to Section 2.3. Any such portion of the Exchange Fund remaining
unclaimed by holders of shares of Company Common Stock or Company Convertible
Preferred Stock five years after the Effective Time (or such earlier date
immediately prior to such time as such amounts would otherwise escheat to or
become property of any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section
3.1(c)(iii)) shall, to the extent permitted by law, become the property of
the Surviving Corporation free and clear of any claims or interest of any
Person previously entitled thereto.   Section 2.7 No Liability. None of
Parent, Merger Sub, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange
Agent shall be liable to any Person in respect of any Merger Consideration
from the Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.   Section 2.8
Investment of the Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest any cash
included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Parent on a daily basis;
provided, that no such gain or loss thereon shall affect the amounts payable
to the Company stockholders pursuant to Article I and the other provisions of
this Article II. Any interest and other income resulting from
such investments shall promptly be paid to Parent.   Section 2.9 Lost
Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving
Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount
as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent
will deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the
applicable Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common
Stock or Company Convertible Preferred Stock, as the case may be, formerly
represented thereby, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common
Stock to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section 2.5, and unpaid
dividends and distributions on shares of Parent Common Stock or
Parent Convertible Preferred Stock to which such holders are entitled
pursuant to Section 2.3, as the case may be, deliverable in respect thereof,
pursuant to this Agreement.   Section 2.10 Withholding Rights. Each of the
Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold
from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any
holder of shares of Company Common Stock, Company Convertible Preferred
Stock, Company Stock Options or any other equity rights in the Company such
amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making
of such payment under the Code and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, or any provision of state, local or foreign tax    -9-  law.
To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the Surviving Corporation
or Parent, as the case may be, such withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the
shares of Company Common Stock or Company Convertible Preferred Stock, as the
case may be, in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be.   Section 2.11
Further Assurances. After the Effective Time, the officers and directors of
the Surviving Corporation will be authorized to execute and deliver, in the
name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale,
assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of
the Company or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or
confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all
right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or
assets acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a
result of, or in connection with, the Merger.   Section 2.12 Stock Transfer
Books. The stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed immediately
upon the Effective Time and there shall be no further registration of
transfers of shares of Company Common Stock or Company Convertible Preferred
Stock thereafter on the records of the Company. On or after the Effective
Time, any Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent or Parent for any
reason shall be converted into the Merger Consideration with respect to the
shares of Company Common Stock or Company Convertible Preferred Stock, as the
case may be, formerly represented thereby (including any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Parent Common Stock to which the holders thereof are
entitled pursuant to Section 2.5) and any dividends or other distributions to
which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 2.3.   Section
2.13 Affiliates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, no certificates representing shares of
Parent Common Stock or cash shall be delivered to a Person who may be deemed
an "affiliate" of the Company in accordance with Section 5.12 hereof
for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act"), and applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") until such Person has executed
and delivered an Affiliate Agreement (as defined in Section 5.12) to
Parent.   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   Section 3.1
Representations and Warranties of Parent. Except as set forth in the Parent
disclosure schedule delivered by Parent to the Company prior to the execution
of this Agreement (the "Parent Disclosure Schedule") (each section of which
qualifies the correspondingly numbered representation and warranty or
covenant and any other representation or warranty, if the disclosure set
forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule is readily applicable to such
other representation or warranty), Parent represents and warrants to the
Company as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power;
Subsidiaries.    -10-   (i) Each of Parent and each of its Subsidiaries
(as defined in Section 8.11) is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization,
has the requisite corporate (or similar) power and authority to own, lease
and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being
conducted, except where the failures to be so organized, existing and in good
standing or to have such power and authority, in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in
Section 8.11) on Parent, and is duly qualified and in good standing to do
business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification
necessary other than in such jurisdictions where the failures so to qualify
or to be in good standing, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. The copies of the certificate
of incorporation and bylaws of Parent which were previously furnished or
made available to the Company are true, complete and correct copies of such
documents as in effect on the date of this Agreement.   (ii) Exhibit 21 to
Parent\'s Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2001
("Parent Exhibit 21") includes all the Subsidiaries of Parent which as of the
date of this Agreement are Significant Subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02
of Regulation S-X of the SEC). All the outstanding shares of capital stock
of, or other equity interests in, each such Significant Subsidiary have been
validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and are, except as set
forth in Parent Exhibit 21, owned directly or indirectly by Parent, free and
clear of all pledges, claims, liens, charges, encumbrances and
security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively "Liens")
and free of any other restriction (including any restriction on the right to
vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other ownership
interests), except for restrictions imposed by applicable securities laws.
Except as set forth in the Parent SEC Reports (as defined in Section 3.1(d))
filed prior to the date hereof, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries
directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar interest in, or any
interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business association or
entity (other than Subsidiaries), that is or would reasonably be expected to
be material to Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (b) Capital
Structure.   (i) As of March 31, 2002, the authorized capital stock of
Parent  consisted of (A) 9,000,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock of
which  6,254,532,591 shares were outstanding and 539,225,789 shares were held
in  the treasury of Parent and (B) 12,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, no 
par value, of which 3,000,000 shares have been designated Series A Junior 
Preferred Stock and reserved for issuance upon exercise of the rights (the 
"Parent Rights") distributed to the holders of Parent Common Stock  pursuant
to the Rights Agreement, dated as of October 6, 1997 between  Parent and
ChaseMellon Shareholder Services, L.L.C. (the "Parent Rights  Agreement").
Since March 31, 2002 to the date of this Agreement, there  have been no
issuances of shares of the capital stock of Parent or any  other securities
of Parent other than issuances of shares of Parent Common  Stock pursuant to
options or rights outstanding as of March 31, 2002 under  the Benefit Plans
(as defined in Section 8.11) of Parent. All issued and  outstanding   
-11-   shares of the capital stock of Parent are, and when shares of
Parent  Common Stock and Parent Convertible Preferred Stock are issued in
the  Merger or upon exercise of stock options converted in the Merger
pursuant  to Section 1.9, such shares will be, duly authorized, validly
issued,  fully paid and non-assessable and free of any preemptive rights.
There  were outstanding as of March 31, 2002 no options, warrants or other
rights  to acquire capital stock from Parent other than (x) the Parent Rights
and  (y) options, restricted stock and other rights to acquire capital
stock  from Parent representing in the aggregate the right to purchase 
approximately 475,613,737 shares of Parent Common Stock (collectively, the 
"Parent Stock Options") under Parent\'s Stock and Incentive Plan, Parent\'s 
Performance-Contingent Share Award Program, Parent\'s 2001  Performance-
Contingent Share Award Plan, Parent\'s Annual Retainer Unit  Award Plan (for
non-employee Directors), Parent\'s Nonfunded Deferred  Compensation and Unit
Award Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Parent\'s  Restricted Stock Plan
for Non-Employee Directors, the Company 1996 Stock  Plan (collectively, the
"Parent Stock Option Plans"). Section 3.1(b) of  the Parent Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list, as  of March 31, 2002, of
the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject  to Parent Stock Options
or other rights to purchase or receive Parent  Common Stock granted under the
Parent Benefit Plans or otherwise, the  dates of grant and the exercise
prices thereof. No options or warrants or  other rights to acquire capital
stock from Parent have been issued or  granted since March 31, 2002 to the
date of this Agreement.   (ii) No bonds, debentures, notes or other
indebtedness of Parent  having the right to vote (or convertible into or
exercisable for  securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which
holders of  capital stock of Parent may vote ("Parent Voting Debt") are
issued or  outstanding.   (iii) Except as otherwise set forth in this
Section 3.1(b) and as  contemplated by Section 1.8 and Section 1.9, as of the
date of this  Agreement, there are no securities, options, warrants, calls,
rights,  commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind to
which  Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them
is  bound obligating Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or 
sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of  capital
stock or other voting securities of Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries or
obligating Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to issue,  grant, extend or
enter into any such security, option, warrant, call,  right, commitment,
agreement, arrangement or undertaking. As of the date  of this Agreement,
there are no outstanding obligations of Parent or any  of its Subsidiaries to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares  of capital stock of
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. There are not  outstanding any stock-
appreciation rights, security-based performance  units, "phantom" stock or
other security rights or other agreements,  arrangements or commitments of
any character (contingent or otherwise)  pursuant to which any Person is or
may be entitled to receive any payment  or other value based on the revenues,
earnings or financial performance,  stock price performance or other
attribute of Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries or assets or calculated in
accordance therewith (other than  ordinary course payments or commissions to
sales representatives of Parent  based upon revenues generated by them
without augmentation as a result of  the transactions contemplated hereby) or
to cause Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries to file a registration statement
under    -12-   the Securities Act or which otherwise relate to the
registration of any  securities of Parents or its Subsidiaries.   (c)
Authority; No Conflicts.   (i) Parent has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter  into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated  hereby, subject to obtaining the requisite stockholder approval
of the  issuance of the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the
Merger  (the "Share Issuance") and the amendment to the Parent Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized share capital (the 
"Certificate Amendment"), in each case, by the votes set forth in Section 
3.1(g) hereof (such votes as set forth in such Section 3.1(g) collectively 
being the "Parent Stockholder Approval"). The execution and delivery of  this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated  hereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the  part of
Parent, subject to obtaining the Parent Stockholder Approval. This  Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and constitutes a  valid and
binding agreement of Parent, enforceable against it in  accordance with its
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by  bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws  relating to or
affecting creditors generally or by general equity  principles (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a  proceeding in equity or at
law).   (ii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent does
not  or will not, as the case may be, and the consummation by Parent of the 
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict 
with, or result in any violation of, or constitute a default (with or 
without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right  of,
or result by its terms in the, termination, amendment, cancellation or 
acceleration of any obligation or the loss of a material benefit under, or 
the creation of a lien, pledge, security interest, charge or other 
encumbrance on, or the loss of, any assets, including Intellectual  Property
(as defined in Section 3.1(p)) (any such conflict, violation,  default, right
of termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration,  loss or creation, a
"Violation") pursuant to: (A) any provision of the  certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of Parent or any Significant  Subsidiary (as defined
in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC) of  Parent, or (B) except as, in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent, or subject to  obtaining or making the consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations,  registrations, declarations and filings referred to
in paragraph (iii)  below, any loan or credit agreement, note, mortgage,
bond, indenture,  lease, benefit plan or other agreement, obligation,
instrument, permit,  concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree,
statute, law,  ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Parent or any
Subsidiary of  Parent or their respective properties or assets.   (iii) No
consent, approval, order or authorization of, clearance by,  or registration,
declaration or filing with, any supranational, national,  state, municipal,
local or foreign government, any instrumentality,  subdivision, court,
administrative agency or commission or other authority  thereof, or any
quasi-governmental or private body exercising any  regulatory, taxing,
importing or other governmental or quasi-governmental  authority (a
"Governmental Entity"), is required by or with respect to    -13-  
Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent in connection with the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub or the consummation of 
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, except for  those
required under or in relation to (A) the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust 
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (B) state securities 
or "blue sky" laws (the "Blue Sky Laws"), (C) the Securities Act, (D) the 
Exchange Act, (E) the DGCL with respect to the filing of the Certificate  of
Merger, (F) rules and regulations of the NYSE, (G) antitrust or other 
competition laws, of the European Union or other jurisdictions, and (H)  such
other consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, 
declarations and filings the failures of which to make or obtain, in the 
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect on Parent. Consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, 
registrations, declarations and filings required under or in relation to  any
of the foregoing clauses (A) through (G) are hereinafter referred to  as
"Necessary Consents."   (d) Reports and Financial Statements.   (i) Parent
has filed all required registration statements,  prospectuses, reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents  required to be filed by it
with the SEC since January 1, 2000  (collectively, including all exhibits
thereto, the "Parent SEC Reports").  No Subsidiary of Parent is required to
file any form, report, registration  statement, prospectus or other document
with the SEC. None of the Parent  SEC Reports, as of their respective dates
(and, if amended or superseded  by a filing prior to the date of this
Agreement or the Closing Date, then  on the date of such filing), contained
or will contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omitted or will
omit to state a material  fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not  misleading. Each of the financial statements (including the
related notes  and schedules) included or incorporated by reference in the
Parent SEC  Reports presents fairly, or will present fairly, in all material
respects,  the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of 
operations, retained earnings and cash flows of Parent and its  consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the respective dates or for the respective  periods set
forth therein, all in conformity with generally accepted  accounting
principles ("GAAP") consistently applied during the periods  involved except
as otherwise noted therein, and subject, in the case of  the unaudited
interim financial statements, to the absence of notes and  normal year-end
adjustments that have not been and are not expected to be  material in
amount. All of such Parent SEC Reports, as of their respective  dates (and as
of the date of any amendment to the respective Parent SEC  Report), complied
as to form in all material respects with the applicable  requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and  regulations
promulgated thereunder.   (ii) Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports
filed prior to  the date hereof, Parent and its Subsidiaries have not
incurred any  liabilities that are of a nature that would be required to be
disclosed on  a balance sheet of Parent and its Subsidiaries or the footnotes
thereto  prepared in conformity with GAAP, other than (A) liabilities
incurred in  the ordinary course of business or (B) liabilities that, in the
aggregate,  would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on  Parent.    -14-   (e) Information Supplied.   (i) None of
the information supplied or to be supplied by Parent for  inclusion or
incorporation by reference in (A) the Form S-4 (as defined in  Section 5.1)
will, at the time the Form S-4 is filed with the SEC, at any  time it is
amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes effective  under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact  or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading and (B) the Joint  Proxy
Statement/Prospectus (as defined in Section 5.1) will, on the date  it is
first mailed to the Company stockholders or Parent stockholders or  at the
time of the Company Stockholders Meeting or the Parent Stockholders  Meeting
(each as defined in Section 5.1), contain any untrue statement of  a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated  therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of  the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Form S-4  and
the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all  material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the  Securities Act
and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.   (ii) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section  3.1(e), no representation or
warranty is made by Parent with respect to  statements made or incorporated
by reference in the Form S-4 or the Joint  Proxy Statement/Prospectus based
on information supplied by the Company  for inclusion or incorporation by
reference therein.   (f) Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Parent,
by resolutions duly adopted by unanimous vote at a meeting duly called and
held and not subsequently rescinded or modified in any way (the "Parent Board
Approval"), has duly (i) determined that this Agreement and the Merger are
advisable and are fair to and in the best interests of Parent and its
stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger, the Certificate
Amendment and the Share Issuance and (iii) recommended that the stockholders
of Parent approve the Share Issuance and Certificate Amendment and directed
that the Share Issuance and the Certificate Amendment be submitted for
consideration by Parent\'s stockholders at the Parent Stockholders
Meeting.   (g) Vote Required. The affirmative vote of a majority of the
votes cast by the holders of Parent Common Stock, provided that the total
votes cast represents a majority of the outstanding shares of Parent Common
Stock, is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Parent
capital stock necessary to consummate the Share Issuance. The affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock is the
only vote of the holders of any class or series of Parent capital stock
necessary to consummate the Certificate Amendment. Other than the votes set
forth in this Section 3.1(g), there are no votes of the holders of any class
or series of Parent capital stock necessary to consummate any of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (h) Litigation; Compliance with
Laws.   (i) Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports filed prior to
the  date of this Agreement, there are no suits, actions or proceedings 
(collectively "Actions") pending or, to the knowledge of Parent,  threatened,
against or affecting Parent or any    -15-   Subsidiary of Parent which,
in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected  to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent, nor are there any judgments,  decrees, injunctions, rules
or orders of any Governmental Entity or  arbitrator outstanding against
Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent which,  in the aggregate, would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse  Effect on Parent.   (ii) Except as
disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports filed prior to  the date of this
Agreement and except as, in the aggregate, would not  reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, Parent  and its Subsidiaries
hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions,  orders and approvals of
all Governmental Entities which are necessary for  the operation of the
businesses of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a  whole (the "Parent
Permits"). Parent and its Subsidiaries are in  compliance with the terms of
the Parent Permits, except where the failures  to so comply, in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse
Effect on Parent. Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC  Reports filed prior
to the date of this Agreement, neither Parent nor any  of its Subsidiaries is
in violation of, and Parent and its Subsidiaries  have not received any
notices of violations with respect to, any laws,  ordinances or regulations
of any Governmental Entity, except for  violations which, in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.   (i) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except for
liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports filed
prior to the date of this Agreement, and except as permitted by Section 4.1,
since March 31, 2002, (i) Parent and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
business only in the ordinary course; (ii) through the date hereof, there has
not been any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other
distribution in cash, stock or property in respect of Parent\'s capital
stock, except for dividends or other distributions on its capital stock
publicly announced prior to the date hereof; (iii) there has not been any
action taken by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries during the period from
March 31, 2002 through the date of this Agreement that, if taken during the
period from the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time would
constitute a breach of Section 4.1; and (iv) except as required by GAAP,
there has not been any change by Parent in accounting principles, practices
or methods. Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports filed prior to the
date of this Agreement, since March 31, 2002, there have not been any
changes, circumstances or events (including changes, circumstances or events
involving, impacting or related to development stage products of Parent)
which, in the aggregate, have had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (j) Brokers or Finders. No agent,
broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or Person is or
will be entitled to any broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other similar
commission or fee in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent,
except Lazard Freres and Co. LLC and Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc., whose fees and
expenses will be paid by Parent.   (k) Opinions of Parent Financial
Advisors. Parent has received the opinions of Lazard Freres and Co. LLC and
Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc., each dated the date of this Agreement, to the
effect that, as of such date, the Exchange Ratio is fair to Parent, from
a    -16-  financial point of view, copies of which opinions will be
promptly delivered to the Company in connection with the preparation of the
necessary regulatory filings.   (l) Employee Benefit Plans. Except as
disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports, there are no Benefit Plans maintained by
Parent covering only Parent executive officers. Each Benefit Plan maintained
by Parent has been operated and administered in accordance with its terms and
applicable law, except where failure to do so would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. The execution of this
Agreement and the consummation of the Merger will not constitute an event
under any Benefit Plan maintained by Parent that will or may result in any
payment, acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution,
increase in compensation or benefits or obligation to fund benefits with
respect to any Parent employee which, in the aggregate, have had, or would
reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (m)
Foreign Corrupt Practices and International Trade Sanctions. To Parent\'s
knowledge, neither Parent, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any of their
respective directors, officers, agents, employees or any other Persons acting
on their behalf has, in connection with the operation of their
respective businesses, (i) used any corporate or other funds for unlawful
contributions, payments, gifts or entertainment, or made any unlawful
expenditures relating to political activity to government officials,
candidates or members of political parties or organizations, or established
or maintained any unlawful or unrecorded funds in violation of Section 104 of
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, (the "FCPA") or any
other similar applicable foreign, Federal or state law, (ii) paid, accepted
or received any unlawful contributions, payments, expenditures or gifts, or
(iii) violated or operated in noncompliance with any export restrictions,
anti-boycott regulations, embargo regulations or other applicable domestic or
foreign laws and regulations, except, in each case, which will not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (n) No Restrictions on the Merger;
Takeover Statutes. The Board of Directors of Parent has taken all necessary
action to render Section 203 of the DGCL, and any other potentially
applicable anti-takeover or similar statute or regulation or provision of the
certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or other organizational or
constitutive document or governing instruments of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries, inapplicable to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (o) Environmental Matters.   (i)
Except as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to  have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent and except as disclosed in the  Parent SEC
Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, (i) the  operations of
Parent and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance  with all
Environmental Laws and with all licenses required by  Environmental Laws,
(ii) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of  Parent, threatened,
Environmental Claims under or pursuant to  Environmental Laws against Parent
or its Subsidiaries or involving any  real property currently or, to the
knowledge of Parent, formerly owned,  operated or leased by Parent or its
Subsidiaries, (iii) to the knowledge  of Parent, Parent and its Subsidiaries
have not incurred any Environmental  Liabilities and no facts, circumstances
or conditions relating to, arising  from, associated    -17-   with or
attributable to any real property currently or, to the knowledge  of Parent,
formerly owned, operated or leased by Parent or its  Subsidiaries or
operations thereon would reasonably be expected to result  in Environmental
Liabilities, (iv) all real property owned and, to the  knowledge of Parent,
all real property operated or leased by Parent or its  Subsidiaries is free
of contamination from Hazardous Material that would  have an adverse effect
on human health or the environment and (v) other  than in compliance with any
Environmental Laws, there is not now, nor, to  the knowledge of Parent, has
there been in the past, on, in or under any  real property owned, leased or
operated by Parent or any of its  predecessors (A) any underground storage
tanks, regulated pursuant to 40  C.F.R. Part 280 or delegated state programs,
dikes or impoundments  containing more than a reportable quantity of
Hazardous Materials, (B) any  friable asbestos-containing materials or (c)
any polychlorinated  biphenyls.   (ii) For purposes of this Section 3.1(o)
and Section 3.2(j) the  following terms shall have the following
meanings:   "Environmental Claim" shall mean any and all administrative, 
regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters,  directives,
orders, claims, liens, investigations, requests for  information,
proceedings, or notices of noncompliance or violation  (written or oral) by
any person (including, without limitation, any  governmental authority)
alleging liability or potential liability arising  out of, based on or
resulting from (A) the presence release or disposal or  threatened release or
disposal, of any Hazardous Materials at any  location, or (B) circumstances
forming the basis of any violation or  alleged violation of any Environmental
Law or permit thereunder, or (C)  any and all claims by any third party
seeking damages, contribution,  indemnification, cost recovery, compensation
or injunctive relief  resulting from exposure to or the presence, release, or
disposal or threat  thereof of any Hazardous Materials.   "Environmental
Law" means any applicable law, regulation, code,  license, permit, order,
judgment, decree or injunction promulgated by any  Governmental Entity, (A)
for the protection of the environment (including  air, water, soil and
natural resources) or (B) regulating the use,  storage, handling, release or
disposal of any chemical, material, waste or  hazardous substance.  
"Hazardous Material" means any substance listed, defined, designated  or
regulated pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law including  petroleum
products and byproducts, asbestos and polychlorinated biphenyls.  
"Environmental Liabilities" means all liabilities, actions, remedial 
obligations, losses, damages, fines, penalties and sanctions arising under 
any Environmental Law.   (p) Intellectual Property. Except as, in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent and except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports filed prior to
the date of this Agreement, (i) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or
is licensed to use (in each case, free and clear of any Liens), all
Intellectual Property used in or necessary for the conduct of its business as
currently conducted; (ii) to the knowledge of Parent, the use of any
Intellectual Property by Parent and its Subsidiaries does not infringe on
or    -18-  otherwise violate the rights of any Person and is in
accordance with any applicable license pursuant to which Parent or any
Subsidiary acquired the right to use any Intellectual Property; (iii) to the
knowledge of Parent, no Person is challenging, infringing on or otherwise
violating any right of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any
Intellectual Property owned by and/or licensed to Parent or its Subsidiaries;
and (iv) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
notice or otherwise has knowledge of any pending claim, order or proceeding
with respect to any Intellectual Property used by Parent and its Subsidiaries
and to its knowledge no Intellectual Property owned and/or licensed by Parent
or its Subsidiaries is being used or enforced in a manner that would
reasonably be expected to result in the abandonment, cancellation or
unenforceability of such Intellectual Property. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Intellectual Property" shall mean trademarks, service marks,
brand names, certification marks, trade dress and other indications of
origin, the goodwill associated with the foregoing and registrations in any
domestic or foreign jurisdiction of, and applications in any such
jurisdiction to register, the foregoing, including any
extension, modification or renewal of any such registration or application;
inventions, discoveries and ideas, whether patentable or not, in any domestic
or foreign jurisdiction; patents, applications for patents (including,
without limitation, divisions, continuations, continuations in part and
renewal applications), and any renewals, extensions or reissues thereof, in
any such jurisdiction; nonpublic information, trade secrets and confidential
information and rights in any domestic or foreign jurisdiction to limit the
use or disclosure thereof by any person; writings and other works, whether
copyrightable or not, in any such jurisdiction; and registrations or
applications for registration of copyrights in any domestic or foreign
jurisdiction, and any renewals or extensions thereof; and any similar
intellectual property or proprietary rights.   (q) Taxes   (i) Parent and
each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed, or has  caused to be timely filed,
all Tax Returns required to be filed, and all  such Tax Returns are true,
complete and accurate, except to the extent any  failure to file or any
inaccuracies in any filed Tax Returns would not,  individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on  Parent. All Taxes shown to be
due on such Tax Returns, or otherwise owed,  have been or will be timely
paid, except to the extent that any failure to  pay, individually or in the
aggregate, has not had and would not  reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (ii) The most recent financial
statements contained in the Parent  SEC Reports reflect an adequate reserve
for all Taxes payable by Parent  and its Subsidiaries for all Taxable periods
and portions thereof through  the date of such financial statements. No
deficiency with respect to any  Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed
against Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries, and no requests for waivers of
the time to assess any such  Taxes are pending, except to the extent any such
deficiency or request for  waiver, individually or in the aggregate, has not
had and would not  reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent.   (iii) The Federal income Tax Returns of Parent and each of
its  Subsidiaries consolidated in such Returns have been examined by and 
settled with the United States Internal Revenue Service for all years 
through 1995. All material assessments for Taxes    -19-   due with
respect to such completed and settled examinations or any  concluded
litigation have been fully paid.   (iv) There are no material Liens for
Taxes (other than for current  Taxes not yet due and payable) on the assets
of Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries. Neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries is bound by any  Tax sharing agreements with third parties.  
(v) Prior to the date of this Agreement, neither Parent nor any of  its
Subsidiaries has constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a 
"controlled corporation" (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of  the
Code) in a distribution intended to qualify for tax-free treatment  under
Section 355 of the Code (i) within the one-year period ending on the  date of
this Agreement or (ii) which could otherwise constitute part of a  "plan" or
"series of related transactions" (within the meaning of Section  355(e) of
the Code) in conjunction with the Merger.   (vi) For purposes of this
Agreement:   (A) "Taxes" includes all forms of taxation, whenever created 
or imposed, and whether of the United States or elsewhere, and  whether
imposed by a local, municipal, governmental, state, foreign,  Federal or
other Governmental Entity, or in connection with any  agreement with respect
to Taxes, including all interest, penalties  and additions imposed with
respect to such amounts.   (B) "Tax Return" means all Federal, state, local,
provincial  and foreign Tax returns, declarations, statements, reports, 
schedules, forms and information returns and any amended Tax return  relating
to Taxes.   Section 3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Company.
Except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule delivered by the
Company to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Company
Disclosure Schedule") (each section of which qualifies the correspondingly
numbered representation and warranty or covenant and any other representation
or warranty, if the disclosure set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule
is readily applicable to such other representation or warranty), the Company
represents and warrants to Parent as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing
and Power; Subsidiaries.   (i) Each of the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is duly  organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its  jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has the
requisite corporate  (or similar) power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties  and to carry on its business as now being conducted,
except where the  failures to be so organized, existing and in good standing
or to have such  power and authority, in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, and is duly
qualified and  in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which
the nature  of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties
makes such  qualification necessary other than in such jurisdictions where
the  failures so to qualify or to be in good standing in the aggregate
would  not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Company.    -20-   The copies of the certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of the Company  which were previously furnished or made available to
Parent are true,  complete and correct copies of such documents as in effect
on the date of  this Agreement.   (ii) Exhibit 21 to the Company\'s Annual
Report on Form 10K for the  year ended December 31, 2001 ("Company Exhibit
21") includes all the  Subsidiaries of the Company which as of the date of
this Agreement are  Significant Subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of
Regulation S-X of the  SEC). All the outstanding shares of capital stock of,
or other equity  interests in, each such Significant Subsidiary have been
validly issued  and are fully paid and non-assessable and are, except as set
forth in  Company Exhibit 21, owned directly or indirectly by the Company,
free and  clear of all Liens and free of any other restriction (including
any  restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such 
capital stock or other ownership interests), except for restrictions  imposed
by applicable securities laws. Except as set forth in the Company  SEC
Reports (as defined in Section 3.2(d)) filed prior to the date hereof, 
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly  owns
any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into  or
exchangeable or exercisable for, any corporation, partnership, joint  venture
or other business association or entity (other than Subsidiaries),  that is
or would reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and  its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (b) Capital Structure.   (i) As of March
31, 2002, the authorized capital stock of the  Company consisted of (A)
3,000,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of  which 1,295,761,753 shares
were outstanding and 189,041,409 shares were  held in the treasury of the
Company, (B) 10,000,000 shares of Preferred  Stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of which 7,500 have been designated as  Series B Convertible Perpetual
Preferred Stock, of which 6,357 shares were  outstanding and (C) 1,500,000
shares of Preferred Stock, no par value,  which have been designated Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock  and reserved for issuance upon exercise
of the rights (the "Company  Rights") distributed to the holders of Company
Common Stock pursuant to  the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated as
of February 20, 2001,  between the Company and Mellon Investor Services LLC
(the "Company Rights  Agreement"). Since March 31, 2002 to the date of this
Agreement, there  have been no issuances of shares of the capital stock of
the Company or  any other securities of the Company other than issuances of
shares of  Company Common Stock (and accompanying Company Rights) pursuant to
options  or rights outstanding as of March 31, 2002 under the Benefit Plans
of the  Company. All issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock of
the  Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and  non-
assessable, and no class of capital stock is entitled to preemptive  rights.
There were outstanding as of March 31, 2002 no options, warrants  or other
rights to acquire capital stock from the Company other than (x)  Company
Rights and (y) options and other rights to acquire capital stock  of the
Company representing in the aggregate the right to purchase  76,396,436
shares of Company Common Stock (collectively, the "Company  Stock Options")
under The Pharmacia and Upjohn, Inc. Long-Term Incentive  Plan, The Pharmacia
Corporation Management Incentive Plan, 2000 Operations  Committee Incentive
Plan, The Pharmacia Corporation 2001 Long Term    -21-   Incentive Plan,
The Operations Committee Incentive Plan - 2001 Long Term  Incentive Plan and
the Employee Stock Purchase Plan - 2001 Long Term  Incentive Plan
(collectively, the "Company Stock Option Plans"). Section  3.2(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and  correct list, as of
March 31, 2002, of the number of shares of Company  Common Stock subject to
Company Stock Options or other rights to purchase  or receive Company Common
Stock granted under the Company Benefit Plans or  otherwise, the dates of
grant and the exercise prices thereof. No options  or warrants or other
rights to acquire capital stock from the Company have  been issued or granted
since March 31, 2002 to the date of this Agreement.   (ii) No bonds,
debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the  Company having the right to
vote (or convertible into or exercisable for  securities having the right to
vote) on any matters on which holders of  capital stock of the Company may
vote ("Company Voting Debt") are issued  or outstanding.   (iii) Except as
otherwise set forth in this Section 3.2(b), as of  the date of this
Agreement, there are no securities, options, warrants,  calls, rights,
commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings of  any kind to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by  which any of them is
bound obligating the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or
sell, or cause to be issued, delivered  or sold, additional shares of capital
stock or other voting securities of  the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or obligating the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend
or enter into any such security,  option, warrant, call, right, commitment,
agreement, arrangement or  undertaking. As of the date of this Agreement,
there are no outstanding  obligations of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to repurchase,  redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of
capital stock of the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries. There are not
outstanding any stock-appreciation  rights, security-based performance units,
"phantom" stock or other  security rights or other agreements, arrangements
or commitments of any  character (contingent or otherwise) pursuant to which
any Person is or may  be entitled to receive any payment or other value based
on the revenues,  earnings or financial performance, stock price performance
or other  attribute of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or assets or 
calculated in accordance therewith (other than ordinary course payments or 
commissions to sales representatives of the Company based upon revenues 
generated by them without augmentation as a result of the transactions 
contemplated hereby) or to cause the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to 
file a registration statement under the Securities Act or which otherwise 
relate to the registration of any securities of the Company or its 
Subsidiaries.   (c) Authority; No Conflicts.   (i) The Company has all
requisite corporate power and authority to  enter into this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated  hereby, subject in the case of the
consummation of the Merger to the  adoption of this Agreement by the Company
Stockholder Approval (as defined  in Section 3.2(g)). The execution and
delivery of this    -22-   Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby  have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of  the Company, subject in the case of the
consummation of the Merger to the  adoption of this Agreement by the Company
Stockholder Approval. This  Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
the Company and  constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company,
enforceable  against it in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may  be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and  similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or
by general  equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered  in a proceeding in equity or at law).   (ii) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company  does not or will not, as the case
may be, and the consummation by the  Company of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby will  not, conflict with, or result in a
Violation pursuant to: (A) any  provision of the certificate of incorporation
or bylaws of the Company or  any Significant Subsidiary (as defined in Rule
1-02 of Regulation S-X of  the SEC) of the Company or (B) except as, in the
aggregate, would not  reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company  or, subject to obtaining or making the consents,
approvals, orders,  authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings
referred to in  paragraph (iii) below, any loan or credit agreement, note,
mortgage, bond,  indenture, lease, benefit plan or other agreement,
obligation, instrument,  permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment,
order, decree, statute,  law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the
Company or any  Subsidiary of the Company or their respective properties or
assets.   (iii) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, clearance
by,  or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity
is  required by or with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary of the 
Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
the Company or the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions 
contemplated hereby, except the Necessary Consents and such other  consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations  and filings
the failure of which to make or obtain, in the aggregate,  would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the  Company.  
(d) Reports and Financial Statements.   (i) The Company has filed all
required registration statements,  prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents  required to be filed by it with the SEC since
January 1, 2000  (collectively, including all exhibits thereto, the "Company
SEC Reports").  No Subsidiary of the Company is required to file any form,
report,  registration statement or prospectus or other document with the SEC.
None  of the Company SEC Reports, as of their respective dates (and, if
amended  or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement or
the  Closing Date, then on the date of such filing), contained or will
contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to
state a  material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the  statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were  made, not misleading. Each of the financial statements (including the 
related notes and schedules) included or incorporated by reference in the 
Company SEC Reports presents fairly, or will present fairly, in all  material
respects, the consolidated financial position and consolidated  results of
operations, retained earnings and cash flows of the Company and    -23-  
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates or for the 
respective periods set forth therein, all in conformity with GAAP 
consistently applied during the periods involved except as otherwise noted 
therein, and subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial 
statements, to the absence of notes and normal and recurring year-end 
adjustments that have not been and are not expected to be material in 
amount. All of such Company SEC Reports, as of their respective dates (and 
as of the date of any amendment to the respective Company SEC Report), 
complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable 
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder.   (ii) Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Reports filed prior to  the date hereof, the Company and its
Subsidiaries have not incurred any  liabilities that are of a nature that
would be required to be disclosed on  a balance sheet of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or the footnotes  thereto prepared in conformity with GAAP,
other than (A) liabilities  incurred in the ordinary course of business, or
(B) liabilities that, in  the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse  Effect on the Company.   (e) Information
Supplied.   (i) None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the 
Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (A) the Form S-4 
will, at the time the Form S-4 is filed with the SEC, at any time it is 
amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes effective under the 
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to 
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make 
the statements therein not misleading, and (B) the Joint Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus will, on the date it is first mailed to the Company 
stockholders or Parent stockholders or at the time of the Company 
Stockholders Meeting or the Parent Stockholders Meeting, contain any  untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact  required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements  therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not  misleading. The
Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will  comply as to form in
all material respects with the requirements of the  Exchange Act and the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the  SEC thereunder. (ii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this  Section 3.2(e), no
representation or warranty is made by the Company with  respect to statements
made or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or  the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus based on information supplied by  Parent or Merger Sub
for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.   (f) Board Approval.
The Board of Directors of the Company, by resolutions duly adopted by
unanimous vote of those voting at a meeting duly called and held and not
subsequently rescinded or modified in any way (the "Company Board Approval"),
has duly (i) determined that this Agreement and the Merger are advisable and
are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders,
(ii) approved this Agreement and the Merger and (iii) recommended that the
stockholders of the Company adopt this Agreement and directed that   
-24-  this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby be submitted
for consideration by the Company\'s stockholders at the Company Stockholders
Meeting.   (g) Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and Company
Convertible Preferred Stock (voting together with the Company Common Stock on
an as converted basis) to adopt this Agreement (the "Company Stockholder
Approval") is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of the
Company capital stock necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.   (h) Litigation; Compliance with Laws.   (i) Except as disclosed
in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to  the date of this Agreement, there
are no Actions pending or, to the  knowledge of the Company, threatened,
against or affecting the Company or  any Subsidiary of the Company which, in
the aggregate, would reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company, nor are there  any judgments, decrees, injunctions,
rules or orders of any Governmental  Entity or arbitrator outstanding against
the Company or any Subsidiary of  the Company which, in the aggregate, would
reasonably be expected to have  a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.  
(ii) Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to  the date
of the Agreement and except as would, in the aggregate, not  reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company,  the Company and
its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances,  exemptions, orders
and approvals of all Governmental Entities which are  necessary for the
operation of the businesses of the Company and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole (the "Company Permits"). The Company and  its Subsidiaries are in
compliance with the terms of the Company Permits,  except where the failures
to so comply, in the aggregate, would not  reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.  Except as disclosed in the Company
SEC Reports filed prior to the date of  this Agreement, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in  violation of, and the Company and its
Subsidiaries have not received any  notices of violations with respect to,
any laws, ordinances or regulations  of any Governmental Entity, except for
violations which, in the aggregate,  would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the  Company.   (i) Absence of Certain Changes
or Events. Except for liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby, except as disclosed in the Company
SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, and except as
permitted by Section 4.2, since March 31, 2002, (i) the Company and its
Subsidiaries have conducted their business only in the ordinary course; (ii)
through the date hereof, there has not been any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend or other distribution in cash, stock or property in
respect of the Company\'s capital stock, except for dividends or other
distributions on its capital stock publicly announced prior to the date
hereof; (iii) there has not been any action by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries during the period from March 31, 2002 through the date of
this Agreement that, if taken during the period from the date of this
Agreement through the Effective Time would constitute a breach of Section
4.2; and (iv) except as required by GAAP,    -25-  there has not been
any change by the Company in accounting principles, practices or methods.
Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of
this Agreement, since March 31, 2002, there have not been any
changes, circumstances or events (including changes, circumstances or events
involving, impacting or related to development stage products of the Company)
which, in the aggregate, have had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (j) Environmental Matters. Except
as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company and except as disclosed in the Company SEC
Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, (i) the operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance with all
Environmental Laws and with all licenses required by Environmental Laws, (ii)
there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened,
Environmental Claims under or pursuant to Environmental Laws against the
Company or its Subsidiaries or involving any real property currently or, to
the knowledge of the Company, formerly owned, operated or leased by the
Company or its Subsidiaries, (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, the
Company and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any Environmental Liabilities
and no facts, circumstances or conditions relating to, arising
from, associated with or attributable to any real property currently or, to
the knowledge of the Company, formerly owned, operated or leased by the
Company or its Subsidiaries or operations thereon would reasonably be
expected to result in Environmental Liabilities, (iv) all real property owned
and, to the knowledge of the Company, all real property operated or leased by
the Company or its Subsidiaries is free of contamination from Hazardous
Material that would have an adverse effect on human health or the environment
and (v) other than in compliance with any Environmental Laws, there is not
now, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, has there been in the past, on, in
or under any real property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of
its predecessors (A) any underground storage tanks, regulated pursuant to 40
C.F.R. Part 280 or delegated state programs, dikes or impoundments containing
more than a reportable quantity of Hazardous Materials, (B) any friable
asbestos-containing materials or (c) any polychlorinated biphenyls.   (k)
Intellectual Property. Except as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and except as
disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of
this Agreement, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is
licensed to use (in each case, free and clear of any Liens), all Intellectual
Property used in or necessary for the conduct of its business as currently
conducted; (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, the use of any Intellectual
Property by the Company and its Subsidiaries does not infringe on or
otherwise violate the rights of any Person and is in accordance with any
applicable license pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary acquired
the right to use any Intellectual Property; (iii) to the knowledge of the
Company, no Person is challenging, infringing on or otherwise violating any
right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any
Intellectual Property owned by and/or licensed to the Company or its
Subsidiaries; and (iv) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any written notice or otherwise has knowledge of any pending claim,
order or proceeding with respect to any Intellectual Property used by the
Company and its Subsidiaries and to its knowledge no Intellectual Property
owned and/or licensed by the Company or its Subsidiaries is being used or
enforced in a manner that would reasonably be expected to result in the
abandonment, cancellation or unenforceability of such Intellectual
Property.    -26-   (l) Brokers or Finders. No agent, broker, investment
banker, financial advisor or other firm or Person is or will be entitled to
any broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other similar commission or fee in
connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, based
upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company, except Goldman, Sachs
and Co., whose fees and expenses will be paid by the Company.   (m) Opinions
of the Company Financial Advisor. The Company has received the opinion of
Goldman, Sachs and Co., dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that,
as of such date, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a financial point of view,
to the holders of Company Common Stock, copies of which opinions will
promptly be provided to Parent.   (n) Taxes.   (i) The Company and each of
its Subsidiaries has timely filed, or  has caused to be timely filed, all Tax
Returns required to be filed, and  all such Tax Returns are true, complete
and accurate, except to the extent  any failure to file or any inaccuracies
in any filed Tax Returns would  not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on  the Company. All Taxes shown to be due on such
Tax Returns, or otherwise  owed, have been or will be timely paid, except to
the extent that any  failure to pay, individually or in the aggregate, has
not had and would  not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the  Company.   (ii) The most recent financial statements
contained in the Company  SEC Reports reflect an adequate reserve for all
Taxes payable by the  Company and its Subsidiaries for all Taxable periods
and portions thereof  through the date of such financial statements. No
deficiency with respect  to any Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed
against the Company  or any of its Subsidiaries, and no requests for waivers
of the time to  assess any such Taxes are pending, except to the extent any
such  deficiency or request for waiver, individually or in the aggregate,
has  not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse  Effect on the Company.   (iii) The Federal income Tax Returns of
the Company and each of its  Subsidiaries consolidated in such Returns have
been examined by and  settled with the United States Internal Revenue Service
for all years  through 1995. All material assessments for Taxes due with
respect to such  completed and settled examinations or any concluded
litigation have been  fully paid.   (iv) There are no material Liens for
Taxes (other than for current  Taxes not yet due and payable) on the assets
of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is bound by  any Tax sharing agreements with third
parties.   (v) Prior to the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor
any  of its Subsidiaries has constituted either a "distributing corporation"
or  a "controlled corporation" (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A)
of  the Code) in a distribution intended to qualify for tax-free treatment 
under Section 355 of the Code (i) within the one-year period ending on the 
date of this Agreement or (ii) which could otherwise    -27-   constitute
part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions" (within  the meaning of
Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the Merger.   (vi) The
Company\'s aggregate adjusted Federal income tax basis in  its shares of
Monsanto common stock is currently, and at the time of the  Monsanto Spin-Off
or Monsanto Sale Transaction (as defined in Section  5.16) occurs, will be,
no less than $ 7 billion.   (o) Certain Contracts. As of the date hereof,
except as set forth in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of
this Agreement or set forth on Section 3.2(o) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or
bound by any "material contracts" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10)
of Regulation S-K of the SEC). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.2(o) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to or bound by any non-competition agreements or any other
agreements or arrangements that limit or otherwise restrict the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective affiliates or any
successor thereto or that would, after the Effective Time, to the knowledge
of the Company, limit or restrict Parent or any of its affiliates (including
the Surviving Corporation) or any successor thereto, from engaging or
competing in any line of business or in any geographic area or, in the case
of the pharmaceutical business, any therapeutic area, class of drugs or
mechanism of action, that relate to the top 25 marketed products or any
development stage product currently in Phase III.   (p) Employee Benefit
Plans. Section 3.2(p) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, sets forth all U.S.
Benefit Plans maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; all
Benefit Plans maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries outside
the U.S. will be listed on listed on Schedule 3.2(p) by the Company within
seven (7) Business Days of the date of this Agreement. Except as disclosed in
the Company SEC Reports, there are no Benefit Plans maintained by the Company
(each, a "Company Benefit Plan") covering only the Company
executive officers. Each Company Benefit Plan has been operated and
administered in accordance with its terms and applicable law, except where
failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company. The execution of this Agreement and the consummation
of the Merger will not constitute an event under any Company Benefit Plan
that will or may result in any payment, acceleration, termination,
forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in compensation
or benefits or obligation to fund benefits with respect to any Company
employee which, in the aggregate, have had, or would reasonably be expected
to have, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (q) Labor Matters.
Except where failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, the Company is and has been in
compliance with all applicable laws of the United States, or of any state or
local government or any subdivision thereof or of any foreign government
respecting employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of
employment and wages and hours, including, without limitation, ERISA, the
Code, the Immigration Reform and Control Act, the WARN Act, any
laws respecting employment discrimination, sexual harassment, disability
rights or benefits, equal opportunity, plant closure issues, affirmative
action, workers\' compensation, employee benefits, severance payments, COBRA,
labor relations, employee leave issues, wage and hour   
-28-  standards, occupational safety and health requirements and
unemployment insurance and related matters, and is not engaged in any unfair
labor practices.   (r) Foreign Corrupt Practices and International Trade
Sanctions. To the Company\'s knowledge, neither the Company, nor any of its
Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents,
employees or any other Persons acting on their behalf has, in connection with
the operation of their respective businesses, (i) used any corporate or other
funds for unlawful contributions, payments, gifts or entertainment, or made
any unlawful expenditures relating to political activity to government
officials, candidates or members of political parties or organizations, or
established or maintained any unlawful or unrecorded funds in violation of
Section 104 of the FCPA or any other similar applicable foreign, Federal or
state law, (ii) paid, accepted or received any unlawful contributions,
payments, expenditures or gifts, or (iii) violated or operated in
noncompliance with any export restrictions, anti-boycott regulations, embargo
regulations or other applicable domestic or foreign laws and regulations
except, in each case, which will not have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   (s) Company Stockholder Rights Plan. The Board of Directors of
the Company has amended the Company Rights Agreement (the "Rights
Agreement Amendment") in accordance with its terms to render it inapplicable
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company has delivered
to the Parent a true and correct copy of the Rights Agreement Amendment.  
(t) Compliance with Co-Promotion Agreements. The Company has delivered to
Parent all material documents filed with governmental authorities as required
to be provided to Parent pursuant to the terms of the U.S. Collaboration
Agreement (Second Generation), dated as of February 18, 1998, by and among,
Parent, the Company (as successor to Monsanto Company) and G.D. Searle and Co.,
the U.S. Collaboration Agreement (Celecoxib), dated as of February 18, 1998,
by and among, Parent, the Company (as successor to Monsanto Company) and G.D.
Searle and Co., and any other agreements among Parent, the Company and G.D.
Searle and Co. with respect to Cox-2 Second Generation drugs and
Celocoxib (collectively, the "Co-Promotion Agreements"). To the knowledge of
the Company, these documents comprise all information that would be material
to an evaluation of the safety and efficacy of the Cox-2 Second Generation
drugs and Celocoxib.   (u) Monsanto Documents. All material agreements
(whether written or oral) between the Company and Monsanto have been
disclosed in the Company SEC Reports and there has not been any material
amendment or change to any such agreements and the Company has not entered
into any new material agreements (whether written or oral) with Monsanto
since March 31, 2002.   (v) No Restrictions on the Merger; Takeover
Statutes. The Board of Directors of the Company has taken all necessary
action to render Section 203 of the DGCL, and any other potentially
applicable anti-takeover or similar statute or regulation or provision of the
certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or other organizational or
constitutive document or governing instruments of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, inapplicable to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.    -29-     Section 3.3 Representations and
Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub. Parent and Merger Sub represent and
warrant to the Company as follows:   (a) Organization. Merger Sub is a
corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of Delaware. Merger Sub is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent.   (b) Corporate Authorization. Merger Sub has all requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance
by Merger Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of Merger Sub. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by Merger Sub and constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of Merger Sub, enforceable against it in accordance with
its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or
affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law). The copies of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Merger Sub
which were previously furnished or made available to the Company are true,
complete and correct copies of such documents as in effect on the date of
this Agreement.   (c) Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and
performance by Merger Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by Merger
Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not contravene or
conflict with the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Merger Sub or any
law binding on Merger Sub.   (d) No Business Activities. Merger Sub has not
conducted any activities other than in connection with the organization of
Merger Sub, the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Merger Sub has no
Subsidiaries.   (e) Capitalization of Merger Sub. The authorized capital
stock of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, all of which are validly issued and outstanding. All of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of Merger Sub is, and at the Effective Time
will be, owned by Parent, and there are (i) no other shares of capital stock
or voting securities of Merger Sub, (ii) no securities of Merger Sub
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting
securities of Merger Sub and (iii) no options or other rights to acquire from
Merger Sub, and no obligations of Merger Sub to issue, any capital stock,
voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital
stock or voting securities of Merger Sub.   ARTICLE IV   COVENANTS
RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   Section 4.1 Covenants of Parent. During
the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the Effective
Time, Parent agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries    -30-   that
(except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or
as disclosed in the Parent Disclosure Schedule or as required by a
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction or to the extent that the
Company shall otherwise consent in writing):   (a) Ordinary Course. Parent
and its Subsidiaries shall carry on their respective businesses in the usual,
regular and ordinary course in all material respects, in substantially the
same manner as heretofore conducted, and shall use reasonable best efforts to
preserve intact their present lines of business, maintain their rights and
franchises and preserve their relationships with customers, suppliers and
others having business dealings with them; provided, however, that no action
by Parent or its Subsidiaries with respect to matters specifically permitted
by any other provision of this Section 4.1 shall be deemed a breach of this
Section 4.1(a) unless such action would constitute a breach of one or more of
such other provisions.   (b) Dividends. Parent shall not, and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall not propose to, declare or pay
any dividends or distributions on or make other distributions in respect of
any of its capital stock, except (i) the declaration and payment of regular
quarterly cash dividends not in excess of the amount set forth in Section
4.1(b) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule per share of Parent Common Stock
with usual record and payment dates for such dividends in accordance with
past dividend practice and (ii) for dividends by wholly owned Subsidiaries of
Parent.   (c) Governing Documents. Except to the extent required to
comply with applicable law or their obligations hereunder, Parent and Merger
Sub shall not amend or propose to so amend their respective certificates of
incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents.   (d) No Acquisitions.
Other than (i) acquisitions disclosed on the Parent Disclosure Schedule and
(ii) acquisitions for cash in existing or related lines of business of Parent
the fair market value of the total consideration (including the value of
indebtedness acquired or assumed) for which does not exceed the amount that
would be material to the business and assets of the Parent and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, Parent shall not, and shall not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating
with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a substantial
portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business (including by
acquisition of assets) or any corporation, partnership, association or
business organization or division thereof; provided, however, that
acquisitions that would otherwise be permitted under clause (ii) of
this Section 4.1(d) shall be prohibited if they, individually or in the
aggregate, present (x) a risk of making it materially more difficult to
obtain any approval or authorization required in order to meet the conditions
set forth in Sections 6.1(c) and 6.1(f) or (y) a risk of materially delaying
or impairing the consummation of the Merger; and provided, further, however,
that nothing in this Section 4.1(d) shall prohibit (x) internal
reorganizations or consolidations involving existing Subsidiaries of Parent
or (y) the creation of new Subsidiaries of Parent organized to conduct or
continue activities otherwise permitted by this Agreement. Parent and its
Subsidiaries shall not enter into any joint venture, license or alliance or
jointly promote, market or develop any products with any other Person if such
actions, individually or in the aggregate, present (x) a risk of making it
materially more difficult to obtain any approval or authorization required in
order to meet the conditions set forth    -31-   in Sections 6.1(c) and
6.1(f) or (y) a risk of materially delaying or impairing the consummation of
the Merger.   (e) Accounting Methods. Except as disclosed in Parent SEC
Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, or as required by a
Governmental Entity, Parent shall not change its methods of accounting in
effect at March 31, 2002, except as required by changes in GAAP as concurred
in by Parent\'s independent public accountants.   (f) No Related Actions.
Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, agree or
commit to do any of the foregoing. Section 4.2 Covenants of the Company.
During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the
Effective Time, the Company agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that
(except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, as
disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule or as required by a Governmental
Entity of competent jurisdiction or to the extent that Parent shall otherwise
consent in writing):   (a) Ordinary Course.   (i) The Company and its
Subsidiaries shall carry on their respective  businesses in the usual,
regular and ordinary course in all material  respects, in substantially the
same manner as heretofore conducted, and  shall use reasonable best efforts
to preserve intact their present lines  of business, maintain their rights
and franchises and preserve their  relationships with customers, suppliers
and others having business  dealings with them; provided, however, that no
action by the Company or  its Subsidiaries with respect to matters
specifically permitted by any  other provision of this Section 4.2 shall be
deemed a breach of this  Section 4.2(a)(i) unless such action would
constitute a breach of one or  more of such other provisions.   (ii) Other
than in connection with acquisitions and activities  permitted by Section
4.2(e), the Company shall not, and shall not permit  any of its Subsidiaries
to, (A) enter into any licensing agreement, except  for licensing agreements
set forth in Section 4.2(a)(ii) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule and,
subject to Section 4.2(e), any licensing  agreement relating to the non-
pharmaceutical licenses of the Company  entered into in the ordinary course
of business, (B) enter into or  terminate any "material contract" as such
term is defined in Item  601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC or agreement
or make any change in  any material lease or contract, other than in the
ordinary course of  business; (C) enter into any new line of business; (D)
incur or commit to  any capital expenditures or any obligations or
liabilities in connection  therewith other than Permitted Capital
Expenditures (as defined below) and  obligations or liabilities in connection
therewith, (E) with respect to  the pharmaceutical and consumer healthcare
businesses, enter into any  contract, agreement or other arrangement for the
sale of products or  inventories or for the furnishing of services by the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries which contract, agreement or other
arrangement involves  amounts or expenditures in excess of $20 million or
which may give rise to  commitments which may extend beyond twelve months
from the date of such  contract, agreement or arrangement, unless, such
contract, agreement or  arrangement can be terminated by the Company or its
Subsidiary,    -32-    as the case may be, by giving less than 60 days\'
notice and without  incurring an obligation to pay any material premium or
penalty or  suffering any other material detriment, or (F) with respect to
the  pharmaceutical business, enter into an agreement to provide rebates or 
discounts to public, governmental, or private entities, unless such 
agreement is able to be terminated within one year without penalty and the 
rebates or discounts therein do not differ significantly from prior 
arrangements or agreements. As used herein, a "Permitted Capital 
Expenditure" is a capital expenditure which (i) is set forth on a Capital 
Expenditure Schedule to be delivered by the Company as contemplated by the 
Company Disclosure Schedule or (ii) is (A) less than $20 million in the  case
of any single expenditure or related series of expenditures and (B)  $100
million in the aggregate for all capital expenditures incurred  pursuant to
this clause (ii) and not clause (i). The Company will deliver  to Parent on a
quarterly basis a schedule of actual capital expenditures  made.   (b)
Dividends; Changes in Share Capital. The Company shall not, and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall not propose to, (i) declare or
pay any dividends on or make other distributions in respect of any of its
capital stock, except (A) the declaration and payment of regular
quarterly cash dividends not in excess of $0.135 per share of Company Common
Stock and 6.25% of the per share stated value per annum per share of (x)
Series B Preferred Stock or (y) Company Convertible Preferred Stock, in each
case, with usual record and payment dates for such dividends in accordance
with past dividend practice; (B) dividends or distributions by wholly owned
Subsidiaries of the Company, (C) dividends or distributions from Monsanto to
the Company, and (D) any stock dividend or distribution by the Company to
effect the Monsanto Spin-Off; (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its
capital stock or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its
capital stock, except for any such transaction by a wholly owned Subsidiary
of the Company which remains a wholly owned Subsidiary after consummation of
such transaction, or (iii) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of its capital stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable for
any shares of its capital stock except (I) for the exchange of the Series B
Preferred Stock in connection with the issuance of the Company Convertible
Preferred Stock, (II) for the purchase from time to time by the Company of
Company Common Stock (and the associated Company Rights) in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice in connection with the
Company Benefit Plans and (III) for the redemption or exchange of Company
Rights in accordance with Company Rights Agreement.   (c) Issuance of
Securities. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, issue, deliver or sell, or authorize or propose the
issuance, delivery or sale of, any shares of its capital stock of any class,
any Company Voting Debt or any securities convertible into or exercisable
for, or any rights, warrants, calls or options to acquire, any such shares or
Company Voting Debt, or enter into any commitment, arrangement, undertaking
or agreement with respect to any of the foregoing, other than (i) the
issuance of Company Common Stock (and the associated Company Rights) upon the
exercise of Company Stock Options or in connection with the Company
Benefit Plans, in each case, in accordance with their present terms or
pursuant to Company Stock Options or other stock based awards granted
pursuant to clause (iii) below, (ii) issuances by a wholly owned Subsidiary
of the Company of capital stock to such Subsidiary\'s parent or another
wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) the granting of Company Stock
Options or other stock based awards to acquire shares of Company Common Stock
granted under the Company Benefit Plans in the ordinary course of
business    -33-   consistent with past practice, (iv) pursuant to
acquisitions set forth on the Company Disclosure Schedule, (v) issuances in
accordance with Company Rights Agreement or (vi) the issuance of the Company
Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms and provisions of
Section 4.7.   (d) Governing Documents. Except to the extent required to
comply with its obligations hereunder or with applicable law, the Company
shall not amend or propose to so amend its certificate of incorporation or
bylaws.   (e) No Acquisitions. Other than (i) acquisitions disclosed on
the Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) acquisitions for cash in existing
or related lines of business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, the fair
market value of the total consideration (including the value of indebtedness
acquired or assumed) for which does not exceed $20 million for any
individual acquisition, or $100 million in the aggregate for all such
acquisitions, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating
with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a substantial
portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business (including by
acquisition of assets) or any corporation, partnership, association or other
business organization or division thereof; provided, however, that the
acquisitions that would otherwise be permitted under clause (ii) of this
Section 4.2(e) shall be prohibited if they, individually or in the aggregate,
present (x) a risk of making it materially more difficult to obtain any
approval or authorization required in order to meet the conditions set forth
in Sections 6.1(c) and 6.1(f) or (y) a risk of materially delaying or
impairing the consummation of the Merger; and provided, further, however,
that nothing in this Section 4.2(e) prohibit (x) internal reorganizations or
consolidations involving existing Subsidiaries of the Company or (y) the
creation of new Subsidiaries of the Company organized to conduct or continue
activities otherwise permitted by this Agreement.   (f) No Dispositions.
Other than (i) internal reorganizations or consolidations involving existing
Subsidiaries of the Company, (ii) dispositions referred to in the Company SEC
Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, (iii) as may be required
by or in conformance with law or regulation in order to permit or facilitate
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or the transactions
disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule, (iv) the sale or disposition of
assets or stock of Monsanto, or (v) the Monsanto Spin-Off, the Company shall
not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or
otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, any of
its assets (including capital stock of Subsidiaries of the Company but
excluding inventory in the ordinary course of business), if the fair market
value of the total consideration (including the value of the indebtedness
acquired or assumed) therefor exceeds $20 million for any individual
disposition, or $100 million in the aggregate for all such dispositions.  
(g) Investments; Indebtedness. The Company shall not, and shall not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, other than in connection with actions permitted
by Section 4.2(e), (i) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to,
or investments in, any other Person, other than (x) by the Company or a
Subsidiary of the Company to or in the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company, (y) pursuant to any contract or other legal obligation of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries existing at the date of this Agreement
or (z) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in an
aggregate amount not in excess of $100    -34-   million in the
aggregate (provided that none of such transactions referred to in this clause
(z) presents a material risk of making it more difficult to obtain any
approval or authorization required in connection with the Merger
under Regulatory Laws) or (ii) create, incur, assume or suffer to exist
any indebtedness, issuances of debt securities, guarantees, loans or advances
not in existence as of the date of this Agreement except pursuant to the
credit facilities, indentures and other arrangements in existence on the date
of this Agreement or in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, in each case as such credit facilities, indentures and other
arrangements and other existing indebtedness may be amended, extended,
modified, refunded, renewed or refinanced after the date of this Agreement;
provided that any outstanding borrowings or debt under such credit
facilities, indentures and other arrangements shall not exceed $250 million,
in the aggregate.   (h) Compensation. Other than as contemplated by Sections
4.2(c) or 4.2(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company shall not
increase the amount of compensation of any director, executive officer or
employee, make any increase in or commitment to increase any employee
benefits, issue any additional Company Stock Options, adopt or make any
commitment to adopt any additional employee benefit plan or make any
contribution, other than regularly scheduled contributions, to any Company
Benefit Plan and, in the case of any of the foregoing, except, in any case,
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or as
required by an existing agreement.   (i) Accounting Methods; Income Tax
Elections. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the
date of this Agreement, or as required by a Governmental Entity, the Company
shall not change its methods of accounting in effect at March 31, 2002,
except as required by changes in GAAP as concurred in by the Company\'s
independent public accountants. The Company shall not (i) change its fiscal
year or (ii) make or change any material tax election, settle or compromise
any material tax liability or claim for refund, without the prior written
consent of Parent.   (j) Certain Agreements. The Company shall not, and
shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any agreements or
arrangements that limit or otherwise restrict the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective affiliates or any successor thereto,
or that could, after the Effective Time, limit or restrict Parent or any of
its affiliates (including the Surviving Corporation) or any successor
thereto, from engaging or competing in any line of business or in any
geographic area or, in the case of the pharmaceutical business, any
therapeutic area, class of drugs or mechanism of action which agreements or
arrangements, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent and its Subsidiaries (including
the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries), taken together, after giving
effect to the Merger.   (k) Monsanto Separation Agreements. Neither the
Company nor its Subsidiaries shall amend, modify, alter, supplement or
terminate the Separation Agreement, the Tax Sharing Agreement, the Corporate
Agreement, the Intellectual Property Transfer Agreement, the Services
Agreement or the Employee Benefits and Compensation Allocation Agreement,
each agreement dated as of September 1, 2000 and by and between the Company
and Monsanto and the Protocol Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2002, by and
among the Company, Monsanto and Solutia Inc. (collectively and each as
amended through the date hereof,    -35-   the "Separation Agreements"),
other than, in any such case, for technical or ministerial amendments
necessary or appropriate to effect the Monsanto Spin-Off.   (l) Settlement
of Litigation. The Company shall not settle or compromise any material
action, suit or claim, or enter into any consent decree, injunction or
similar restraint or form of equitable relief in settlement of any material
action, suit or claim.   (m) No Related Actions. The Company will not, and
will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, agree or commit to any of the
foregoing.   Section 4.3 Monsanto Indebtedness.   (a) The Company will use
its reasonable best efforts consistent with its obligation to effectuate the
Monsanto Spin-Off, to collect all outstanding indebtedness from Monsanto and
Monsanto\'s subsidiaries and the release of all guarantees of other Monsanto
obligations to other parties (collectively, "Monsanto Indebtedness"), other
than current obligations for services provided to Monsanto pursuant to any
agreements between the Company and Monsanto for the provision of services.
The amount of Monsanto Indebtedness as of the date hereof is not greater than
$650 million. The Company shall not invest in or lend any additional funds or
extend further guarantees to Monsanto or to third parties on behalf of
Monsanto. The Company shall not convert any Monsanto Indebtedness into equity
or extend such indebtedness or guarantees beyond the terms
currently applicable to such Monsanto Indebtedness; provided, however, to the
extent the Company is unable to collect all of the Monsanto Indebtedness
prior to the Monsanto Spin-Off, such uncollected indebtedness may be extended
to a date no later than one (1) year after the Monsanto Spin-Off.   (b)
After the Monsanto Spin-Off, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall lend any monies or extend credit to, or discount the receivables of, or
enter into any sale or leaseback arrangement or any other form of financing
with, or give any form of guarantee or indemnity in respect of, Monsanto or
any of Monsanto\'s subsidiaries, associates or affiliates.   Section 4.4
Governmental Filings. Each party shall (a) confer on a regular basis with the
other and (b) report to the other (to the extent permitted by law or
regulation or any applicable confidentiality agreement) on material
operational matters. The Company and Parent shall file all reports required
to be filed by each of them with the SEC (and all other
Governmental Entities) between the date of this Agreement and the Effective
Time and shall (to the extent permitted by law or regulation or any
applicable confidentiality agreement) deliver to the other party copies of
all such reports, announcements and publications filed with the SEC promptly
after the same are filed.   Section 4.5 Control of Other Party\'s Business.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give the Company, directly or
indirectly, the right to control or direct Parent\'s operations prior to the
Effective Time. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Parent,
directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the Company\'s
operations prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, each of
the Company and Parent shall exercise,    -36-   consistent with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over
its respective operations.   Section 4.6 Actions to Company Benefit Plans.
Except as set forth in Section 4.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, during
the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the Effective
Time, the Company agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor the Company\'s Board of Directors,
nor any committee of the Company, nor any employee of the Company shall take
or cause to be taken any action that would increase any payment,
acceleration, termination, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting,
distribution, increase in compensation or benefits or obligation to fund
benefits, or increase the number of participants, in each case, with respect
to any Company Benefit Plan disclosed in the Company SEC Reports, except, in
each case, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice.   Section 4.7 Exchange of Preferred Stock. Prior to the
Effective Time, the Company shall exchange all outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock for Company Convertible Preferred Stock on a one-for-one
basis and having the terms set forth in Section 4.7 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   Section 5.1 Preparation
of Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meetings.   (a) As promptly as reasonably
practicable following the date hereof, Parent and the Company shall prepare
and file with the SEC mutually acceptable proxy materials which shall
constitute the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus (such proxy
statement/prospectus, and any amendments or supplements thereto, the "Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus") and Parent shall prepare and file a registration
statement on Form S-4 with respect to the issuance of Parent Common Stock in
the Merger (the "Form S-4"). The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be
included in and will constitute a part of the Form S-4 as
Parent\'s prospectus. The Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
shall comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. Each of Parent and the Company shall use reasonable
best efforts to have the Form S-4 declared effective by the SEC as promptly
as practicable after the date hereof and to keep the Form S-4 effective as
long as is necessary to consummate the Merger and the transactions
contemplated thereby. Parent and the Company shall, as promptly as
practicable after receipt thereof, provide the other party copies of any
written comments and advise the other party of any oral comments, with
respect to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus received from the SEC. Parent
shall provide the Company with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment
on any amendment or supplement to the Form S-4 prior to filing such with the
SEC, and will promptly provide the Company with a copy of all such
filings made with the SEC. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the
contrary, no amendment or supplement (including by incorporation by
reference) to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4 shall be
made without the approval of both parties, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, that with respect to documents
filed by a party which are    -37-   incorporated by reference in the
Form S-4 or Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, this right of approval shall
apply only with respect to information relating to the other party or its
business, financial condition or results of operations; and provided,
further, that Parent, in connection with a Change in the
Parent Recommendation (as defined in Section 5.1(c)), and the Company, in
connection with a Change in the Company Recommendation (as defined in Section
5.1(b)), may amend or supplement the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or Form
S-4 (including by incorporation by reference) pursuant to a Qualifying
Amendment (as defined below) to effect such a Change, and in such event, this
right of approval shall apply only with respect to information relating to
the other party or its business, financial condition or results of
operations, and shall be subject to the right of each party to have its Board
of Directors\' deliberations and conclusions accurately described. A
"Qualifying Amendment" means an amendment or supplement to the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus or Form S-4 (including by incorporation by reference) to
the extent it contains (i) a Change in the Parent Recommendation or a Change
in the Company Recommendation (as the case may be), (ii) a statement of the
reasons of the Board of Directors of Parent or the Company (as the case may
be) for making such Change in the Parent Recommendation or Change in the
Company Recommendation (as the case may be) and (iii) additional information
reasonably related to the foregoing. Parent will use reasonable best efforts
to cause the Joint Proxy Statements/Prospectus to be mailed to Parent
stockholders, and the Company will use reasonable best efforts to cause the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to the Company\'s stockholders,
in each case, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Form S-4 is
declared effective under the Securities Act. Parent shall also take
any action (other than qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which
it is not now so qualified or to file a general consent to service of
process) required to be taken under any applicable state securities laws in
connection with the Share Issuance and the Company shall furnish all
information concerning the Company and the holders of Company Common Stock as
may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action. Each party
will advise the other party, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of
the time when the Form S-4 has become effective, the issuance of any stop
order, the suspension of the qualification of the Parent Common Stock
issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC for amendment of the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4. If at any time prior to the Effective
Time any information relating to Parent or the Company, or any of their
respective affiliates, officers or directors, should be discovered by Parent
or the Company which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to any
of the Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus so that any of such
documents would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the party which
discovers such information shall promptly notify the other party hereto and,
to the extent required by law, rules or regulations, an appropriate amendment
or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the
SEC and disseminated to the stockholders of Parent and the Company.   (b)
The Company shall duly take (subject to compliance with the provisions of
Section 3.1(e) and Section 3.2(e) (provided that the Company shall have used
reasonable best efforts to ensure that such representations are true and
correct)) all lawful action to call, give notice of, convene and hold
a meeting of its stockholders on a date as soon as reasonably practicable
(the "Company Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining the
Company Stockholder Approval with respect to the adoption of this Agreement
and shall take all lawful action to solicit the adoption of this Agreement by
the Company Stockholder Approval; and the    -38-   Board of Directors
of the Company shall recommend adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders
of the Company to the effect as set forth in Section 3.2(f) (the "Company
Recommendation"), and shall not withdraw, modify or qualify (or propose to
withdraw, modify or qualify) (a "Change") in any manner adverse to Parent
such recommendation or take any action or make any statement in connection
with the Company Stockholders Meeting inconsistent with such recommendation
(collectively, a "Change in the Company Recommendation"); provided the
foregoing shall not prohibit accurate disclosure (and such disclosure shall
not be deemed to be a Change in the Company Recommendation) of factual
information regarding the business, financial condition or results
of operations of Parent or the Company or the fact that an Acquisition
Proposal has been made, the identity of the party making such proposal or the
material terms of such proposal (provided, that the Board of Directors of the
Company does not withdraw, modify or qualify (or propose to withdraw, modify
or qualify) in any manner adverse to Parent its recommendation) in the Form
S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or otherwise, to the extent such
information, facts, identity or terms is required to be disclosed under
applicable law; and, provided further, that the Board of Directors of the
Company may make a Change in the Company Recommendation (x) pursuant to
Section 5.4 hereof or (y) prior to the Company Stockholders Meeting if the
Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith that a Material
Adverse Effect has occurred with respect to Parent. Notwithstanding any
Change in the Company Recommendation, this Agreement shall be submitted to
the stockholders of the Company at the Company Stockholders Meeting for the
purpose of adopting the Agreement and approving the Merger; provided that
this Agreement shall not be required to be submitted to the stockholders of
the Company at the Company Stockholders Meeting if this Agreement has been
terminated pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof.   (c) Parent shall duly take
(subject to compliance with the provisions of Section 3.2(e) and Section
3.1(e) (provided that Parent shall have used reasonable best efforts to
ensure that such representations are true and correct)) all lawful action to
call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders on a
date as soon as reasonably practicable (the "Parent Stockholders Meeting")
for the purpose of obtaining the Parent Stockholder Approval with respect to
the approval of the Share Issuance and Certificate Amendment and shall take
all lawful action to solicit the approval of the Share Issuance and
Certificate Amendment by the Parent Stockholder Approval and the Board of
Directors of Parent shall recommend approval of each of the Share Issuance
and Certificate Amendment by the stockholders of Parent to the effect as set
forth in Section 3.1(f) (the "Parent Recommendation"), and shall not Change
in any manner adverse to the Company such recommendation or take any action
or make any statement in connection with the Parent Stockholders
Meeting inconsistent with such recommendation (collectively, a "Change in the
Parent Recommendation"); provided the foregoing shall not prohibit accurate
disclosure (and such disclosure shall not be deemed to be a Change in the
Parent Recommendation) of factual information regarding the business,
financial condition or operations of Parent or the Company (provided, that
the Board of Directors of Parent does not withdraw, modify or qualify (or
propose to withdraw, modify or qualify) in any manner adverse to the Company
its recommendation) in the Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
or otherwise, to the extent such information, facts, identity or terms is
required to be disclosed under applicable law; and provided further, that the
Board of Directors of Parent may make a Change in the Parent Recommendation
prior to the Parent Stockholders Meeting if the Board of Directors of Parent
determines in good faith that a Material Adverse Effect has occurred with
respect to the Company. Notwithstanding any Change in the Parent
Recommendation, a    -39-   proposal to approve the Share Issuance and
Certificate Amendment shall be submitted to the stockholders of Parent at the
Parent Stockholders Meeting for the purpose of obtaining the Parent
Stockholder Approval; provided that this Agreement shall not be required to
be submitted to the stockholders of Parent at the Parent Stockholders Meeting
if this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof.   (d)
For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in the Company Recommendation shall
be deemed to include, without limitation, a recommendation by the Company
Board of Directors of a third party Acquisition Proposal with respect to the
Company.   Section 5.2 Access to Information/Employees.   (a) Upon
reasonable notice, each party shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to)
afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
and other authorized representatives of the other party reasonable access
during normal business hours, during the period prior to the Effective Time,
to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments, records, officers and
employees and, during such period, such party shall (and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other party (a) a copy of each
report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed, published,
announced or received by it during such period pursuant to the requirements
of Federal or state securities laws, as applicable (other than documents
which such party is not permitted to disclose under applicable law), and (b)
all other information concerning it and its business, properties
and personnel as such other party may reasonably request (including
consultation on a regular basis with such parties, agents, advisors,
attorneys and representatives with respect to litigation matters); provided,
however, that either party may restrict the foregoing access to the extent
that (i) in the reasonable judgment of such party, any law, treaty, rule or
regulation of any Governmental Entity applicable to such party requires such
party or its Subsidiaries to restrict or prohibit access to any such
properties or information (ii) in the reasonable judgment of such party, the
information is subject to confidentiality obligations to a third party (iii)
such disclosure would result in disclosure of any trade secrets of third
parties or (iv) disclosure of any such information or document could result
in the loss of attorney client privilege; provided, however, that with
respect to this clause (iv), the parties and/or counsel for the parties shall
use their reasonable best efforts to enter into such joint defense agreements
or other arrangements, as appropriate, so as to avoid the loss of attorney
client privilege. Any such information obtained pursuant to this Section 5.2
("Confidential Information") will be used solely for the purpose of
consideration or performance of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any other agreement related hereto and will be kept confidential
by the party obtaining such information and all persons obtaining such
information on such party\'s behalf or who obtain such information from such
party. Confidential Information shall not include information that (A) is or
becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of
disclosure by a party or its Representatives, or (B) is or becomes available
to a party (other than the disclosing party) or its Representatives that is
not known by the non-disclosing party to have any obligation not to disclose
such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may
be disclosed by a party (x) to its directors, officers, employees,
representatives (including, without limitation, financial advisors, attorneys
and accountants) or agents (collectively "Representatives") who need to know
such information if the party informs such Representatives of the
confidential nature of such information and directs them to treat
such information confidentially and to use such information   
-40-   for no purpose other than as specifically permitted by the Agreement
and (y) if the party is legally required to make such disclosure as a result
of a court order, subpoena or similar legal duress, provided that prior to
such disclosure, the disclosing party gives to the other party prompt written
notice of its receipt of such order or subpoena or similar document so that
the other party has a reasonable opportunity prior to disclosure to obtain a
protective order (if disclosure of Confidential Information is so required,
the disclosing party shall disclose only that portion of such information
that is so required and shall assist the other party in obtaining protective
orders or undertakings that confidential treatment will be accorded to any
such information furnished). In the event of termination of this Agreement,
each party will promptly return to the other party all Confidential
Information in its possession (including all written materials prepared or
supplied by or on its behalf containing or reflecting any Confidential
Information) and will not retain any copies, extracts or other reproductions
in whole or in part of any Confidential Information. Any work papers,
memoranda or other writings prepared by a party or its Representatives
derived from or incorporating any Confidential Information shall be destroyed
promptly upon termination of this Agreement, with such destruction confirmed
to the other party in writing. Any oral Confidential Information will
continue to be subject to the terms of this Section 5.2. Each party shall be
responsible for the breach of the terms of this Section 5.2 by its
Representative. Any investigation by Parent or the Company shall not
affect the representation and warranties of the Company and Parent, as the
case may be. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Section
5.2 and the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement shall control.   (b) After the date hereof,
Parent and the Company shall establish a mechanism reasonably acceptable to
both parties by which Parent will be permitted, prior to the Effective Time
and subject to applicable law, to communicate directly with the Company
employees regarding employee related matters after the Effective Time.  
Section 5.3 Reasonable Best Efforts.   (a) Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, each party will use its reasonable best efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done,
all things necessary, proper or advisable under this Agreement and applicable
laws and regulations to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement as soon as practicable after the date hereof,
including (i) preparing and filing as promptly as practicable all
documentation to effect all necessary applications, notices, petitions,
filings, tax ruling requests and other documents and to obtain as promptly as
practicable all consents, clearances, waivers, licenses, orders,
registrations, approvals, permits, tax rulings and authorizations necessary
or advisable to be obtained from any third party and/or any Governmental
Entity in order to consummate the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) taking all reasonable steps as may be
necessary to obtain all such material consents, clearances,
waivers, licenses, registrations, permits, authorizations, tax rulings,
orders and approvals. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing,
each party hereto agrees to make an appropriate filing of a Notification and
Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act and any other Regulatory Law (as defined
in Section 5.3(b) below) with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
as promptly as practicable after the date hereof and to supply as promptly as
practicable any additional information and documentary material that may be
requested pursuant to the HSR Act and any other Regulatory Law and to   
-41-   take all other actions necessary to cause the expiration or
termination of the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act as soon as
practicable. If necessary to obtain any regulatory approval pursuant to any
Regulatory Law, or if any administrative or judicial action or proceeding,
including any proceeding by a private party, is instituted (or threatened to
be instituted by a Governmental Entity), challenging the Merger or any other
transaction contemplated by this Agreement as violative of any Regulatory
Law, each of Parent and the Company shall cooperate with each other and, if
necessary to (I) obtain any regulatory approval, (II) contest and resist any
such action or proceeding, or (III) have vacated, lifted, reversed or
overturned any decree, judgment, injunction, or other order (whether
temporary, preliminary or permanent): (x) Parent shall, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to, hold separate any portion of its assets, or otherwise
conduct its business or any portion of its business, in a specified manner in
one or more countries for a period of up to six months after the Closing; (y)
Parent shall take such actions with respect to its assets or the assets of
any of its Subsidiaries (including selling, holding separate or otherwise
disposing of such assets, or agreeing to, or permitting, any of the foregoing
with respect to such assets); and (z) the Company at the direction of the
Parent shall take such actions with respect to its assets or the assets of
any of its Subsidiaries (including selling, holding separate or otherwise
disposing of such assets, or agreeing to, or permitting any of the foregoing
with respect to such assets); unless, in the case of actions taken pursuant
to clauses (y) and (z), such actions, in the aggregate, would (taking into
account both quantitative and qualitative factors, and assuming in the case
of actions taken pursuant to clause (y) that such actions were or had been
taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to assets of the
Company of similar value or prospective value) result in a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company. For purposes of the previous sentence only, the
parties acknowledge that the value of drug candidates and discoveries may be
material before they provide any revenue or profit to the Company
and therefore the term "Material Adverse Effect" as it relates to the Company
shall include the prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.   (b) To the extent permissible under applicable law or any
rule, regulation or restriction of a Governmental Entity, each of Parent and
the Company shall, in connection with the efforts referenced in Section
5.3(a) to obtain all requisite material approvals, clearances and
authorizations for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the
HSR Act or any other Regulatory Law, use its reasonable best efforts to (i)
cooperate in all respects with each other in connection with any filing or
submission and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry,
including any proceeding initiated by a private party, (ii) promptly inform
the other party of any communication received by such party from, or given by
such party to, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the
"DOJ"), the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") or any other Governmental
Entity and of any material communication received or given in connection with
any proceeding by a private party, in each case regarding any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) permit the other party, or the other
party\'s legal counsel, to review any communication given by it to, and
consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with, the
DOJ, the FTC or any such other Governmental Entity or, in connection with any
proceeding by a private party, with any other Person and (iv) give the other
party the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and
conferences. For purposes of this Agreement, "Regulatory Law" means the
Sherman Act, as amended, Council Regulation No. 4064/89 of the
European Community, as amended (the "EC Merger Regulation") the Clayton Act,
as amended, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and
all other Federal, state and foreign, if any, statutes, rules, regulations,
orders, decrees, administrative    -42-   and judicial doctrines and
other laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate
(i) foreign investment or (ii) actions having the purpose or effect of
monopolization or restraint of trade or lessening of competition.   (c) If
any objections are asserted with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby under any Regulatory Law or if any suit is instituted by
any Governmental Entity or any private party challenging any of the
transactions contemplated hereby as violative of any Regulatory Law, each of
Parent and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to resolve any
such objections or challenge as such Governmental Entity or private party may
have to such transactions under such Regulatory Law so as to permit
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section
5.4 Acquisition Proposals. The Company agrees that neither it nor any of its
Subsidiaries nor any of the officers and directors of it or its Subsidiaries
shall, and that it shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and its
Subsidiaries\' employees, agents and representatives (including any
investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by it or any of
its Subsidiaries) not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit,
encourage or knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing
information) any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer with
respect to a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving it, or any purchase or sale of the consolidated assets
(including without limitation stock of Subsidiaries) of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, having an aggregate value equal to 15% or
more of the market capitalization of the Company, or any purchase or sale of,
or tender or exchange offer for, 15% or more of the equity securities of the
Company (any such proposal or offer (other than a proposal or offer made by
the other party or an affiliate thereof) being hereinafter referred to as an
"Acquisition Proposal"). The Company further agrees that neither it nor any
of its Subsidiaries nor any of the officers and directors of it or its
Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall use its reasonable best efforts to
cause its and its Subsidiaries\' employees, agents and representatives
(including any investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by it or
any of its Subsidiaries) not to, directly or indirectly, have any discussion
with or provide any confidential information or data to any Person relating
to an Acquisition Proposal, or engage in any negotiations concerning an
Acquisition Proposal, or knowingly facilitate any effort or attempt to make
or implement an Acquisition Proposal or (subject to Section 7.1(h)) accept an
Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Company and the Company\'s Board of Directors shall be
permitted to (A) to the extent applicable, comply with Rule 14d-9 and Rule
14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act with regard to an
Acquisition Proposal, (B) effect a Change in the Company Recommendation, or
(C) engage in any discussions or negotiations with, or provide any
information to, any Person in response to an unsolicited bona fide written
Acquisition Proposal by any such Person, if and only to the extent that, with
respect to the actions contemplated by clauses (B) or (C), (i) the Company\'s
Stockholders Meeting shall not have occurred, (ii) (x) in the case of clause
(B) above, (I) such change is permitted by clause (y) of the second proviso
of the first sentence of Section 5.1(b) or (II) the Company has received an
unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal from a third party and the
Company\'s Board of Directors concludes in good faith that such Acquisition
Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal (as defined in Section 8.11) and (y)
in the case of clause (C) above, the Company\'s Board of Directors concludes
in good faith that there is a reasonable likelihood that such Acquisition
Proposal could result in a Superior Proposal, (iii) in    -43-   the
case of clause (C) above, prior to providing any information or data to
any Person in connection with an Acquisition Proposal by any such Person,
the Company\'s Board of Directors receives from such Person an
executed confidentiality agreement containing terms at least as stringent as
those contained in Section 5.2 and (iv) in the case of clause (C) above,
prior to providing any information or data to any Person or entering into
discussions or negotiations with any Person, the Company notifies Parent
promptly of such inquiries, proposals or offers received by, any such
information requested from, or any such discussions or negotiations sought to
be initiated or continued with, any of its representatives indicating, in
connection with such notice, the name of such Person and the material terms
and conditions of any inquiries, proposals or offers. The Company agrees that
it will promptly keep Parent informed of the status and terms of any such
proposals or offers and the status and terms of any such discussions or
negotiations. The Company agrees that it will, and will cause its officers,
directors and representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations existing as of the
date of this Agreement with any parties conducted heretofore with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal. The Company agrees that it will use reasonable best
efforts to promptly inform its directors, officers, key employees, agents and
representatives of the obligations undertaken in this Section 5.4. Nothing in
this Section 5.4 shall (x) permit Parent or the Company to terminate this
Agreement (except as specifically provided in Article VII hereof) or (y)
affect any other obligation of Parent or the Company under
this Agreement.   Section 5.5 Employee Benefits Matters.   (a) At the
Effective Time, Parent shall provide employment to, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to provide employment to, employees who were employed
by the Company or its Subsidiaries as of the Effective Time ("Continuing
Employees"). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to guarantee employment
for any period of time or preclude the Parent\'s ability to terminate any
Continuing Employee for any reason subsequent to the Effective Time.
Except as may be otherwise required by law, nothing contained herein shall
require Parent to continue any particular Company Benefit Plan or
compensation plan, program or arrangement, or prevent the amendment,
modification or termination thereof; provided that Parent shall not take any
action or cause the Surviving Corporation to take any action (by way of
amendment, termination or otherwise) which is in violation of the terms of
any Company Benefit Plan. From and after the Effective Time until the second
anniversary of the Effective Time (the "Benefits Continuation Period"),
Parent shall provide, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to provide
compensation and employee benefits to the Continuing Employees and former
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries ("Former Employees") which are
substantially comparable in the aggregate to those provided to such
individuals by the Company and its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the
Effective Time; provided, however, that with respect to employees who are
subject to collective bargaining, compensation and benefits shall be provided
in accordance with the applicable collective bargaining agreements. Following
the Benefits Continuation Period, Parent shall provide, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to provide, compensation and benefits that are
substantially comparable in the aggregate to those provided to
similarly situated employees of Parent.   (b) During the Benefits
Continuation Period, Parent shall continue, or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to continue, the severance and post-retirement medical and dental
benefits provided by the Company and its Subsidiaries immediately prior to
the Effective    -44-   Time as provided in the Pharmacia Separation
Benefit Plans, as amended through July 9, 2002. Further, Parent shall
continue, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to continue, post-
retirement medical, dental and life insurance benefits for eligible Former
Employees at the Company as in effect prior to the Effective Time. Following
the Benefits Continuation Period, (i) Parent shall provide, or shall cause
the Surviving Corporation to provide, to the Continuing Employees severance
benefits that are no less favorable than those provided to similarly situated
employees of Parent, and (ii) to the extent Parent alters or modifies any
retiree welfare benefits provided to any Continuing Employee or Former
Employee, such alteration or modification shall result in such
individual (and such individual\'s eligible dependents) receiving retiree
welfare benefits that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to those
provided to similarly situated employees and former employees of Parent.
During the Benefits Continuation Period, Parent shall provide, or shall cause
the Surviving Corporation to provide to Continuing Employees and Former
Employees employed outside of the United States compensation and benefits
that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to those provided to such
persons immediately prior to the Effective Time, subject to: such
modifications as are necessary to comply with applicable laws of the foreign
countries and their political subdivisions; and applicable labor
agreements.   (c) With respect to any Benefit Plans of Parent or the
Surviving Corporation in which Continuing Employees or Former Employees first
become eligible to participate on or after the Effective Time, Parent shall,
and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) waive any pre-existing
condition exclusions and waiting periods with respect to participation and
coverage requirements applicable to Continuing Employees and Former Employees
under any Benefit Plans of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, except to the
extent that such pre-existing condition exclusions or waiting periods apply
to changes made by such Continuing Employee or Former Employee under the
terms of the Parent or Surviving Corporation Benefit Plan on the same basis
as would apply to any employee or former employee of Parent making a similar
change; (ii) provide each Continuing Employee or Former Employee with credit
for any co-payments and deductible paid prior to the Effective Time (to the
same extent such credit was given under the analogous Company Benefit Plan
prior to the Effective Time) in satisfying any applicable deductible or out-
of-pocket requirements under any Parent Benefit Plan; and (iii) recognize
service prior to the Effective Time with the Company, its Subsidiaries and
any predecessor entities of the Company, for all purposes (including, without
limitation, eligibility to participate, vesting credit, entitlement to
benefits and benefit accrual) of Benefit Plans of Parent or the Surviving
Corporation in which any Continuing Employee or Former Employee participates
to the same extent such service would be recognized by Parent under the
applicable Benefit Plan for similarly situated employees and former employees
of Parent; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to the
extent it would result in any duplication of benefits for the same period of
service.   (d) From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall honor,
fulfill and discharge and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to honor,
fulfill and discharge, in accordance with its terms, each Company Benefit
Plan and related funding arrangement, including each employment, change in
control, severance and termination agreement between the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries and any officer, director or employee of such company,
including without limitation (i) all legal and contractual obligations
pursuant to outstanding retirement plans, salary and bonus deferral plans,
vested and accrued benefits and similar employment and benefit arrangements
and agreements in effect as of the Effective Time,    -45-   including
all the "change in control" provisions under the Company Benefit Plans, and
(ii) all vacation, personal and sick days accrued by Continuing Employees and
Former Employees as of the Effective Time.   Section 5.6 Fees and Expenses.
Subject to Section 7.2, whether or not the Merger is consummated, all
Expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expenses,
except (a) if the Merger is consummated, the Surviving Corporation or its
relevant Subsidiary shall pay, or cause to be paid, any and all property or
transfer taxes imposed on the Company or its Subsidiaries and (b) Expenses
incurred in connection with the filing, printing and mailing of the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which shall be paid 50% by Parent and 50% by the
Company. As used in this Agreement, "Expenses" includes all out-of-
pocket expenses (including, without limitation, all fees and expenses of
counsel, accountants, investment bankers, experts and consultants to a party
hereto and its affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection
with or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the solicitation of stockholder approvals and
all other matters related to the transactions contemplated hereby.  
Section 5.7 Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification and Insurance.   (a)
From and after the Effective Time the Parent agrees that it will (i)
indemnify and hold harmless, against any costs or expenses
(including attorney\'s fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims damages or
liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding
or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
and provide advancement of expenses to, all past and present directors,
officers and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries (in all of their
capacities) (a) to the same extent such persons are indemnified or have the
right to advancement of expenses as of the date of this Agreement by the
Company pursuant to the Company\'s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and
indemnification agreements, if any, in existence on the date hereof with any
directors, officers and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and (b)
without limitation to clause (a), to the fullest extent permitted by law, in
each case, for acts or omissions at or prior to the Effective Time (including
for acts or omissions occurring in connection with the approval of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby), (ii)
include and cause to be maintained in effect in the Surviving Corporation\'s
(or any successor\'s) certificate of incorporation and bylaws for a period of
six years after the Effective Time, the current provisions regarding
elimination of liability of directors, indemnification of officers, directors
and employees and advancement of expenses contained in the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of the Company and (iii) cause to be maintained for
a period of six years after the Effective Time the current policies of
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance and fiduciary liability
insurance maintained by the Company (provided that Parent (or any successor)
may substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage and amounts
containing terms and conditions which are, in the aggregate, no less
advantageous to the insured) with respect to claims arising from facts or
events that occurred on or before the Effective Time (including for acts or
omissions occurring in connection with the approval of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby). The obligations of
Parent under this Section 5.7 shall not be terminated or modified in such a
manner as to adversely affect any indemnitee to whom this Section 5.7   
-46-   applies without the consent of such affected indemnitee (it being
expressly agreed that the indemnitees to whom this Section 5.7 applies shall
be third party beneficiaries of this Section 5.7).   (b) If Parent or any
of its successors or assigns (i) shall consolidate with or merge into any
other corporation or entity and shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) shall transfer
all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any individual,
corporation or other entity, then, and in each such case, proper provisions
shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent shall assume all
of the obligations set forth in this Section 5.7.   Section 5.8 Public
Announcements. Parent and the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to
develop a joint communications plan and each party shall use reasonable best
efforts (i) to ensure that all press releases and other public statements
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consistent with
such joint communications plan, and (ii) unless otherwise required by
applicable law or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with or
rules of any securities exchange, to consult with each other before issuing
any press release or, to the extent practical, otherwise making any public
statement with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. In addition to the foregoing, except to the extent disclosed in or
consistent with the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus in accordance with the
provisions of Section 5.1, neither Parent nor the Company shall issue any
press release or otherwise make any public statement or disclosure concerning
the other party or the other party\'s business, financial condition or
results of operations without the consent of the other party, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, the foregoing shall
be subject to the requirements of law and to each party\'s
obligations pursuant to any listing agreement or the rules of any national
securities exchange.   Section 5.9 Accountant\'s Letters.   (a) Parent
shall use reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to the Company two
letters from Parent\'s independent public accountants, one dated
approximately the date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective and one
dated the Closing Date, each addressed to Parent and the Company, in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Company and customary in scope for comfort
letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection with
registration statements similar to the Form S-4.   (b) The Company shall use
reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to Parent two letters from
the Company\'s independent public accountants, one dated approximately the
date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective and one dated the Closing
Date, each addressed to the Company and Parent, in form reasonably
satisfactory to Parent and customary in scope for comfort letters delivered
by independent public accountants in connection with registration statements
similar to the Form S-4.   Section 5.10 Listing of Shares of Parent Common
Stock. Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of
Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger and the shares of Parent
Common Stock to be reserved for issuance upon exercise of the   
-47-   Company Stock Options to be approved for listing on the NYSE,
subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Closing Date.  
Section 5.11 Dividends. After the date of this Agreement, each of Parent and
the Company shall coordinate with the other the payment of dividends with
respect to the Parent Common Stock and Company Common Stock and the
record dates and payment dates relating thereto, it being the intention of
the parties that holders of Parent Common Stock and Company Common Stock
shall not receive two dividends, or fail to receive one dividend, for any
single calendar quarter with respect to their shares of Parent Common Stock
and/or Company Common Stock or any shares of Parent Common Stock that any
such holder receives in exchange for such shares of Company Common Stock in
the Merger. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such coordination shall not in any
manner affect the Company\'s ability to declare a dividend on the shares of
Common Stock to effect the Monsanto Spin-Off.   Section 5.12 Affiliates.
Not less than 45 days prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall deliver
to Parent a letter identifying all persons who, in the judgment of the
Company, may be deemed at the time this Agreement is submitted for adoption
by the stockholders of the Company, "affiliates" of the Company for purposes
of Rule 145 under the Securities Act and applicable SEC rules and
regulations, and such list shall be updated as necessary to reflect changes
from the date thereof. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause
each person identified on such list to deliver to Parent not less than 30
days prior to the Effective Time, a written agreement substantially in the
form attached as Exhibit 5.12 hereto (an "Affiliate Agreement").   Section
5.13 Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, each of Parent and the
Company shall take all such steps as may be required to cause any
dispositions of Company Common Stock (including derivative securities
with respect to Company Common Stock) or acquisitions of Parent Common
Stock (including derivative securities with respect to Parent Common Stock)
resulting from the transactions contemplated by Article I or Article II of
this Agreement by each individual who is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the
Company, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act,
such steps to be taken in accordance with the No-Action Letter dated January
12, 1999, issued by the SEC to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP.  
Section 5.14 Tax Treatment. Parent and the Company intend the Merger to
qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code. Each of
Parent and the Company, and each of their respective affiliates shall, to the
extent consistent with their rights and obligations under this Agreement, use
their reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger to so qualify and to obtain
the opinions of Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft and Sullivan and Cromwell
referred to in Section 6.2(c) and 6.3(c) of this Agreement. For purposes of
the tax opinions described in Sections 6.2(c) and 6.3(c) of this Agreement,
each of Parent and the Company shall use their reasonable best efforts to
provide representation letters substantially in the form of Exhibits
6.2(c)(2) and 6.2(c)(3) hereto, each dated on or before the date the Form S-4
shall become effective, and subsequently, on the Closing Date. Except for
actions specifically contemplated by this Agreement, each of Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company and each of their respective affiliates shall use their
reasonable best efforts not to take any action, fail to take any action,
cause any action to be taken or not taken, or suffer to exist any condition,
which action or    -48-   failure to take action or condition would
prevent, or would be reasonably likely to prevent, (i) the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code, or (ii) the Monsanto Spin-Off from qualifying as a Tax-free
distribution under Section 355 of the Code.   Section 5.15 Tax Certificates.
The Company shall deliver to Parent at the time of the Monsanto Spin-Off,
unless the Monsanto Sale Transaction (as defined in Section 5.16) shall have
occurred, a representation letter in the form of Exhibit 5.15 hereto, dated
as of the date of the Monsanto Spin-Off.   Section 5.16 Completion of Spin-
off or Sale of Monsanto. The Company shall cause either (i) the Monsanto
Spin-Off, (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Monsanto
and transfer of all its liabilities to an entity no less creditworthy than
Monsanto followed by the liquidation and dissolution of Monsanto, or (iii)
the sale of all of the Company\'s equity interest in Monsanto (any of clauses
(ii) or (iii), the "Monsanto Sale Transaction") to occur.   Section 5.17
Restructure of Transaction. In the event that either of Cadwalader,
Wickersham and Taft or Sullivan and Cromwell is unable to render its opinion
pursuant to Sections 6.2(c) or 6.3(c), respectively, Parent and the Company
shall negotiate in good faith to revise the structure of the
business combination between the Company and Parent such that each of
Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft and Sullivan and Cromwell will be able to render
such opinion, provided that no such revision to the structure of the Merger
shall (a) result in any change in the Merger Consideration, (b) be adverse to
the interests of Parent, the Company, Merger Sub, the holders of shares of
Parent Common Stock or the holders of shares of Company Common Stock or
Company Convertible Preferred Stock or other capital stock of the Company, or
(c) unreasonably impede or delay consummation of the Merger. If the structure
of the Merger is so revised, this Agreement shall be amended by the parties
as appropriate to give effect to the revised structure of the Merger with
each party executing a written amendment to this Agreement as necessary to
reflect the foregoing.   Section 5.18 Election to Parent\'s Board of
Directors. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall (i) cause Mr. Frederick
Hassan to be appointed to Parent\'s board of directors at the Effective Time
and (ii) take all action necessary so that, at the Effective Time and so long
as he is willing and able to serve, Mr. Hassan shall be appointed the Vice-
Chairman of Parent.   ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   Section 6.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective
obligations of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approval. (i) The Company shall have
obtained the Company Stockholder Approval in connection with the adoption of
this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company and (ii) Parent shall have
obtained the Parent Stockholder    -49-   Approval in connection with
the approval of each of the Share Issuance and the Certificate Amendment by
the stockholders of Parent.   (b) No Injunctions or Restraints, Illegality.
No Laws shall have been adopted or promulgated, and no temporary restraining
order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order, judgment,
decision, opinion or decree issued by a court or other Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction in the United States or the European Union shall be in
effect, having the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise
prohibiting consummation of the Merger.   (c) HSR Act; EC Merger Regulation.
Each of (i) the waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the
Merger under the HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired,
and any investigation opened by means of a second request for additional
information or otherwise shall have been terminated or closed, and (ii) the
approval of the Merger by the European Commission shall have been granted
pursuant to the EC Merger Regulation.   (d) NYSE Listing. The shares of
Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger and such other shares to be
reserved for issuance in connection with the Merger shall have been approved
for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.   (e)
Effectiveness of the Form S-4. The Form S-4 shall have been declared
effective by the SEC under the Securities Act. No stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Form S-4 shall have been issued by the SEC and
no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by
the SEC.   (f) Governmental and Regulatory Approvals. Other than the
filing provided for under Section 1.3 and filings pursuant to the HSR Act and
EC Merger Regulation (which are addressed in Section 6.1(c)), all consents,
clearances, approvals and actions of, filings with and notices to any
Governmental Entity required of Parent, the Company or any of their
Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation of the Merger, the Share Issuance and the other
transactions contemplated hereby shall have been made or obtained (as the
case may be), except for those the failure of which to be made or obtained,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent and its Subsidiaries (including the
Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries), taken together after giving
effect to the Merger.   (g) Blue Sky Approvals. Parent shall have received
all state securities and "blue sky" permits and approvals necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 6.2 Additional
Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent
and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of, or
waiver by Parent, on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement
that is qualified as to Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct,
and each of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in
this Agreement that is not so qualified shall be true and correct, except
where the    -50-   failure to be so true and correct, individually or
in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, in
each case, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent in either
case that such representations and warranties speak as of another date), and
Parent shall have received a certificate of the chief executive officer and
the chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have performed
or complied with all agreements and covenants required to be performed by it
under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date that are qualified as to
Material Adverse Effect and shall have performed or complied in all material
respects with all other material agreements and covenants required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date
and Parent shall have received a certificate of the chief executive officer
and the chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.   (c) Tax
Opinions. Parent shall have received from Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft,
counsel to Parent, on or before the date the Form S-4 shall become effective,
and subsequently, on the Closing Date, written opinions dated as of such
dates substantially in the form of Exhibit 6.2(c)(1). In rendering such
opinions, counsel to Parent shall be entitled to rely upon
representations provided by Parent and the Company substantially in the form
of Exhibits 6.2(c)(2) and 6.2(c)(3) (allowing for such amendments to the
representations as counsel to Parent deems reasonably necessary).   (d) Tax
Certificates. The Company shall have delivered to Parent at the time of the
Monsanto Spin-Off, unless the Monsanto Sale Transaction shall have occurred,
a representation letter in the form of Exhibit 5.15 hereto, dated as of the
date of the Monsanto Spin-Off.   (e) The Company Rights Agreement. No Share
Acquisition Date or Distribution Date (as such terms are defined in Company
Rights Agreement) shall have occurred pursuant to Company Rights
Agreement.   (f) Events Related to Monsanto. The Monsanto Sale Transaction
or the Monsanto Spin-Off shall have been completed.   (g) No Material
Change. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall not have suffered from the
date of this Agreement any change that would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   Section 6.3 Additional Conditions
to Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction of, or waiver by the Company, on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following additional conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of
Parent set forth in this Agreement that is qualified as to Material Adverse
Effect shall be true and correct, and each of the representations and
warranties of Parent set forth in this Agreement that is not so qualified
shall be true and correct, except where the failure to be so true and
correct, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on    -51-   Parent, in each case, as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the
Closing Date (except to the extent in either case that such representations
and warranties speak as of another date), and the Company shall have received
a certificate of the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer
of Parent to such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent. Parent
shall have performed or complied with all agreements and covenants required
to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date
that are qualified as to Material Adverse Effect and shall have performed or
complied in all material respects with all other material agreements and
covenants required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to
the Closing Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate of the
chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of Parent to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinions. The Company shall have received from Sullivan
and Cromwell, counsel to the Company, on or before the date the Form S-4
shall become effective, and subsequently, on the Closing Date, written
opinions dated as of such dates substantially in the form of Exhibit
6.3(c)(1). In rendering such opinion, counsel to the Company shall be
entitled to rely upon representations provided by Parent and the Company
substantially in the form of Exhibits 6.2(c)(2) and 6.2(c)(3) (allowing for
such amendments to the representations as counsel to the Company deems
reasonably necessary).   (d) Events Related to Monsanto. The Monsanto Sale
Transaction or the Monsanto Spin-Off shall have been completed; provided,
that the Company shall not be entitled to assert this condition to Closing if
it has not complied with the terms of Section 5.16 hereof. (e) Parent Rights
Agreement. No Stock Acquisition Date or Distribution Date (as such terms are
defined in the Parent Rights Agreement) shall have occurred pursuant to the
Parent Rights Agreement.   (f) No Material Changes. Parent and its
Subsidiaries shall not have suffered from the date of this Agreement any
change that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.   ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   Section 7.1 General.
This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby may
be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time notwithstanding approval
thereof by the stockholders of the Company:   (a) by mutual written consent
duly authorized by the Boards of the Company and Parent;   (b) by the
Company or Parent if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before April
15, 2003 (the "Termination Date" which term shall include the date of any
extension under this Section 7.1(b)); provided, however, that if on the
Termination Date the    -52-   conditions to Closing set forth in
Sections 6.1(c) and 6.1(f) shall not have been fulfilled but all other
conditions to Closing shall or shall be capable of being fulfilled then the
Termination Date shall be automatically extended to July 15, 2003 (the
"Extended Termination Date"); and provided, further, that the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not be available to
any party whose failure to fulfill any material obligation under this
Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the
Closing to occur before such date;   (c) by the Company, if Parent shall
have breached in any material respect any of its representations or
warranties or failed to perform in any material respect any of its covenants
or other agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to
perform (1) is incapable of being cured by Parent prior to the Termination
Date and (2) renders the condition set forth in Section 6.3(a) or 6.3(b)
incapable of being satisfied prior to the Termination Date;   (d) by
Parent, if the Company shall have breached in any material respect any of its
representations or warranties or failed to perform in any material respect
any of its covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement, which
breach or failure to perform (1) is incapable of being cured by the Company
prior to the Termination Date and (2) renders the condition set forth in
Section 6.2(a) or 6.2(b) incapable of being satisfied prior to
the Termination Date;   (e) by the Company or Parent, upon written notice
to the other party, if a Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction in the
United States or of the European Union shall have issued an order, judgment,
decision, opinion, decree or ruling or taken any other action (which the
party seeking to terminate shall have used its reasonable best efforts to
resist, resolve, annul, quash, or lift, as applicable, subject to the
provisions of Section 5.3) permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and such
order, decree, ruling or action shall have become final and non-appealable;
provided, however, that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this clause (e) has fulfilled its obligations under Section
5.3;   (f) by the Company if (i) the Board of Directors of Parent
shall have withdrawn or changed or modified the Parent Recommendation in a
manner adverse to the Company or (ii) for any reason Parent fails to call or
hold the Parent Stockholders Meeting within six months of the date hereof
(provided that if the Form S-4 shall not have become effective for purposes
of the Federal securities laws by the date that is 20 business days prior to
the date that is five months from the date hereof, then such six month period
shall be extended by the number of days from that elapse from the end of the
five-month period until the effective date of the Form S-4);   (g) by
Parent if (i) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have withdrawn or
changed or modified the Company Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent
or (ii) for any reason the Company fails to call or hold the Company
Stockholders Meeting within six months of the date hereof (provided that if
the Form S-4 shall not have become effective for purposes of the
Federal securities laws by the date that is 20 business days prior to the
date that is five months from the date hereof, then such six month period
shall be extended by    -53-   the number of days from that elapse from
the end of the five-month period until the effective date of the Form
S-4);   (h) by the Company, if the (i) Board of Directors of the
Company authorizes the Company, subject to complying with the terms of this
Agreement, to enter into a binding written agreement concerning a transaction
that constitutes a Superior Proposal to the Company and the Company notifies
Parent in writing that it intends to enter into such an agreement, attaching
the most current version of such agreement (or a description of all material
terms and conditions thereof) to such notice, (ii) Parent does not make,
within five business days of receipt of the Company\'s written notification
of its intention to enter into a binding agreement for such Superior
Proposal, an offer that the Board of Directors of the Company determines, in
good faith after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation, is at least as favorable to the Company\'s
stockholders as such Superior Proposal, it being understood that the Company
shall not enter into any such binding agreement during such five-day period,
and (iii) the Company, at or prior to any termination pursuant to this
Section 7.1(h), pays Parent the Termination Fee (as defined below) set forth
in Section 7.2;   (i) by the Company or Parent, if the Parent Stockholder
Approval shall not have been received at a duly held meeting of the
stockholders of Parent called for such purpose (including any adjournment or
postponement thereof); and   (j) by the Company or Parent, if the Company
Stockholder Approval shall not have been received at a duly held meeting of
the stockholders of the Company called for such purpose (including any
adjournment or postponement thereof).   Section 7.2 Obligations in Event of
Termination.   (a) In the event of any termination of this Agreement as
provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become wholly void
and of no further force and effect (except with respect to Section 3.1(j),
Section 3.2(l), Section 5.2, Section 5.6, this Section 7.2 and Article VIII,
which shall remain in full force and effect) and there shall be no liability
on the part of the Company or Parent; provided, however, that termination
shall not preclude any party from suing the other party for, or relieve any
party hereto from any liability arising from a, willful breach of this
Agreement; and, provided, further, however, that if this Agreement is
terminated for any reason, other than a termination (1) by Parent pursuant to
Section 7.1(g) (but only if the reason for the termination was based on a
Change in the Company Recommendation pursuant to the terms of Section 5.4) or
(2) by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(h), then the provisions of the
sixth paragraph of the Confidentiality Agreement shall continue to apply
following the termination of the Merger Agreement and the date set forth in
the definition of "Standstill Period" set forth in the last sentence of the
sixth paragraph of the Confidentiality Agreement shall be modified to be the
date that is two (2) years from the date of the termination of the Merger
Agreement; provided, however, that the provisions of the sixth paragraph of
the Confidentiality Agreement shall terminate on the date that an event
described in clause (y) of such paragraph shall occur and provided
further that the Company agrees to notify Parent not later than 48 hours
prior to entering into any agreement with respect to a Business
Combination.    -54-    (b) If this Agreement is terminated (i) by
Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(g) (but only if, on or before the date this
Agreement is terminated, there shall have been made an offer or proposal for,
or any announcement of any intention with respect to (including the filing of
a statement of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13D discussing the
possibility of or reserving the right to engage in), a transaction that would
constitute a Business Combination involving the Company (whether or not such
offer, proposal, announcement or agreement will have been rejected or
withdrawn prior to the date this Agreement is terminated)); (ii) by Parent or
the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(j) because of the failure to obtain the
Company Stockholder Approval (but only if, after the date hereof and prior to
the Company Stockholder Meeting, there shall have been made public to a
significant number of the Company\'s stockholders an offer or proposal for,
or any public announcement of any intention with respect to (including the
filing of a statement of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13D discussing the
possibility of or reserving the right to engage in), a transaction that would
constitute a Business Combination involving the Company (whether or not such
offer, proposal, announcement or agreement will have been rejected or
withdrawn prior to the date of the Company Stockholder Meeting)); (iii) by
Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(b) because the Merger shall not
have been consummated at or prior to the Termination Date or the Extended
Termination Date, as the case may be, and, at the time of the termination,
(x) the Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained and (y)
after the date hereof and prior to the Termination Date or the
Extended Termination Date, as the case may be, there shall have been made an
offer or proposal for, or an announcement of any intention with respect to
(including the filing of a statement of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13D
discussing the possibility of or reserving the right to engage in), a
transaction that would constitute a Business Combination involving the
Company (whether or not such offer, proposal, announcement or agreement will
have been rejected or withdrawn prior to the Termination Date or the Extended
Termination Date, as the case may be); or (iv) by the Company pursuant to
Section 7.1(h), then (A) in the case of clauses (b)(i), (b)(ii), and (b)(iii)
if within twelve months of termination of this Agreement, the Company enters
into a definitive agreement with any Person (other than Parent or any of
Parent\'s affiliates) with respect to a Business Combination or any Business
Combination with respect to the Company is consummated, then the Company
shall pay to Parent, not later than one business day after the earlier of the
date such agreement is entered into or such Business Combination is
consummated, a termination fee of $1,600,000,000 (the "Termination Fee") and
(B) in the case of clauses (b)(iv), the Company shall pay to Parent, at or
prior to such termination pursuant to Section 7.1(h), the Termination Fee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Termination Fee shall be payable by the
Company to Parent if the Parent stockholders do not approve the Share
Issuance or Certificate Amendment.   (c) For the purposes of this Section
7.2, "Business Combination" means with respect to the Company, (i) a merger,
reorganization, consolidation, share exchange, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving
such party as a result of which either (A) the Company\'s stockholders prior
to such transaction (by virtue of their ownership of such party\'s shares) in
the aggregate cease to own at least 50% of the voting securities of the
entity surviving or resulting from such transaction (or the ultimate parent
entity thereof) or, regardless of the percentage of voting securities held by
such stockholders, if any Person shall beneficially own, directly or
indirectly, at least 40% of the voting securities of such ultimate parent
entity or (B) the individuals comprising the board of directors of
the Company prior to such transaction do not constitute a majority of the
board of directors of such ultimate    -55-   parent entity, (ii) a
sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of at least 40% of the
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a single
transaction or a series of related transactions, or (iii) the acquisition,
directly or indirectly, by a Person of beneficial ownership of 40% or more of
the common stock of the Company whether by merger, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, tender or exchange offer or otherwise (other
than a merger, reorganization, consolidation, share exchange,
business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction upon the consummation of which the Company\'s stockholders would
in the aggregate beneficially own greater than 50% of the voting securities
of such Person).   (d) All payments under this Section 7.2 shall be made by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by
Parent.   (e) The parties each agree that the agreements contained in
Section 7.2(b) are an integral part of the transaction contemplated by this
Agreement and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty. If the Company
fails to promptly pay Parent any fee due under such Section 7.2(b), the
Company shall pay the costs and expenses of Parent (including legal fees and
expenses) in connection with any action, including the filing of any lawsuit
or legal action, taken to collect payment.   Section 7.3 Amendment. This
Agreement may be amended by the parties, by action taken or authorized by
their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after approval of
the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of
the Company and Parent, but, after any such approval, no amendment shall be
made which by law or in accordance with the rules of any relevant stock
exchange requires further approval by such stockholders without such further
approval. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.   Section 7.4 Extension;
Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties, by action taken
or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, may, to the extent
legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (ii) waive any inaccuracies
in the representations and warranties contained herein or in any document
delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of
a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set
forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party. The failure of
any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement
or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those rights.   Section 7.5
No Effect on Existing Agreements. Except as expressly set forth herein,
nothing in this Agreement shall affect the rights and obligations of the
parties with respect to any other agreements between the parties, including
without limitation, the Co-Promotion Agreements.    -56-    ARTICLE 
VIII   GENERAL PROVISIONS   Section 8.1 Non-Survival of Representations,
Warranties and Agreements. None of the representations, warranties, covenants
and other agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of
such representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements, shall
survive the Effective Time, except for those covenants and agreements
contained herein and therein (including Section 5.7) that by their terms
apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time and
this Article VIII.   Section 8.2 Notices. All notices and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given
(a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or by telecopy or
telefacsimile, upon confirmation of receipt, (b) on the first Business Day
following the date of dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day courier
service, or (c) on the tenth Business Day following the date of mailing if
delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or
pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the
party to receive such notice:   (a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:  
Pfizer Inc.  235 East 42nd Street  New York, New York 10017  Fax: (212)
808-8924  Attention: Jeffrey Kindler, Esq.   with a copy to:  
Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft  100 Maiden Lane  New York, New York 10038 
Fax: (212) 504-6666  Attention: Dennis J. Block, Esq.   (b) if to the
Company to:   Pharmacia Corporation  100 Route 206 North  Peapack, New
Jersey 07977  Fax: (908) 901-1810  Attention: Richard T. Collier, Esq.   
-57-    with a copy to:   Sullivan and Cromwell  125 Broad Street  New
York, New York 10004  Fax: (212) 558-3588  Attention: Neil T. Anderson,
Esq.  Keith A. Pagnani, Esq.   Section 8.3 Interpretation. When a reference
is made in this Agreement to Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference
shall be to a Section of or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include",
"includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to
be followed by the words "without limitation.   Section 8.4 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which
shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not
sign the same counterpart.   Section 8.5 Entire Agreement; No Third Party
Beneficiaries.   (a) This Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules
hereto) and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement,
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.  
(b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of
each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit
or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement,
other than Section 5.7 (which is intended to be for the benefit of the
Persons covered thereby and may be enforced by such Persons).   Section 8.6
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York (without giving effect to choice of
law principles thereof).   Section 8.7 Severability. If any term or other
provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, upon such determination that any term or other provision is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties shall negotiate
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of
the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated
to the greatest extent possible.    -58-    Section 8.8 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties, in whole or in part
(whether by operation of law or otherwise), without the prior written consent
of the other party, and any attempt to make any such assignment without such
consent shall be null and void, except that Merger Sub may assign, in its
sole discretion, any or all of its rights, interests and obligations under
this Agreement to any direct wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent without the
consent of the Company, but no such assignment shall relieve Merger Sub of
any of its obligations under this Agreement. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit
of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.   Section 8.9 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers. Each of Parent
and the Company irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with
respect to this Agreement or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment
in respect hereof brought by the other party hereto or its successors or
assigns may be brought and determined in the Chancery or other Courts of the
State of Delaware, and each of Parent and the Company hereby irrevocably
submits with regard to any such action or proceeding for itself and in
respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, to the nonexclusive
jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each of Parent and the Company hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense,
counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect to this
Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason other than the failure
to lawfully serve process (b) that it or its property is exempt or immune
from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in
such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment,
attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment
or otherwise), and (c) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in any such court is brought in an
inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is
improper and (iii) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be
enforced in or by such courts.   Section 8.10 Enforcement. The parties
agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled
to specific performance of the terms hereof, this being in addition to any
other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.   Section 8.11
Definitions. As used in this Agreement:   (a) "beneficial ownership" or
"beneficially own" shall have the meaning under Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.   (b) "Benefit Plans" means,
with respect to any Person, each employee benefit plan, program, policy,
arrangement and contract (including, without limitation, any "employee
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") and any bonus, deferred
compensation, stock bonus, stock purchase, restricted stock, stock option,
employment, termination, stay agreement or bonus, change in control and
severance plan, program, policy, arrangement and contract, written or oral)
in effect on the date of this Agreement or disclosed on the
Company Disclosure Schedule or the    -59-   Parent Disclosure
Schedule, as the case may be, to which such Person or its Subsidiary is a
party, which is maintained or contributed to by such Person, or with respect
to which such Person could incur material liability under Section 4069, 4201
or 4212(c) of ERISA.   (c) "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors
of any specified Person and any committees thereof.   (d) "Business Day"
means any day on which banks are not required or authorized to close in the
City of New York.   (e) "Confidentiality Agreement" means the letter
agreement, dated June 27, 2002 between Parent and the Company.   (f)
"known" or "knowledge" means, with respect to any party, the actual knowledge
of such party\'s executive officers and senior management as listed on such
party\'s annual report to its shareholders and such knowledge as would be
reasonably expected to be known by such executive officers in the ordinary
and usual course of the performance of their professional responsibilities to
such party.   (g) "Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to any
entity, any event, change, circumstance or effect that is or is reasonably
likely to be materially adverse to (i) the business, financial condition or
results of operations of such entity and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
other than any event, change, circumstance or effect relating (w) to the
economy or financial markets in general, (x) in general to the industries in
which such entity operates and not specifically relating to (or having the
effect of specifically relating to or having a materially disproportionate
effect (relative to most other industry participants) on) such entity, (y) to
changes in applicable law or regulations or in GAAP or (z) to the
announcement of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or
(ii) the ability of such entity to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, all
references to Material Adverse Effect on Parent or its Subsidiaries contained
in this Agreement shall be deemed to refer solely to Parent and its
Subsidiaries without including its ownership of the Company and its
Subsidiaries after the Merger.   (h) "other party" means, with respect to
the Company, Parent and means, with respect to Parent, the Company, unless
the context otherwise requires.   (i) "Person" means an individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust,
unincorporated organization, other entity or group (as defined in the
Exchange Act).   (j) "Subsidiary" when used with respect to any party means
any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or
unincorporated, (i) of which such party or any other Subsidiary of such party
is a general partner (excluding partnerships, the general partnership
interests of which held by such party or any Subsidiary of such party do not
have a majority of the voting interests in such partnership) or (ii) at least
a majority of the securities or other interests of which having by their
terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or
others performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other
organization is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party or
by any one or    -60-   more of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and
one or more of its Subsidiaries; provided, that the parties agree that
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the term "Subsidiary"
shall not, with respect to the Company and for the purposes of (x) Section
6.2(a) (as it relates to the accuracy of the Company\'s representations and
warranties as of the Closing Date only), but only if the Monsanto Spin-Off
shall have occurred, and (y) Article IV (except as to the ability of the
Company to control or prohibit action of Monsanto pursuant to the Separation
Agreements or otherwise), Article V (except as to the ability of the Company
to control or prohibit action of Monsanto pursuant to the
Separation Agreements or otherwise) and Section 7.1(d) only, include Monsanto
Company.   (k) "Superior Proposal" means with respect to the Company, a
bona fide written proposal made by a third party which is (I)(i) for a sale,
lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of at least 40% of the assets
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a single
transaction or a series of related transactions, or (ii) for the acquisition,
directly or indirectly, by such third party of beneficial ownership of 30% or
more of the common stock of the Company whether by merger, consolidation,
share exchange, business combination, tender or exchange offer or otherwise,
and which is (II) otherwise on terms which the Board of Directors of the
Company in good faith concludes (after consultation with its financial
advisors and outside counsel), taking into account, among other things, all
legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the third
party making the proposal, (i) would, if consummated, result in a transaction
that is more favorable to its stockholders (in their capacities as
stockholders), from a financial point of view, than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) is reasonably capable of being
completed.    -61-    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written above.   PFIZER
INC.     By: /s/ Henry A. McKinnell  ------------------------------ 
Henry A. McKinnell, Ph.D.  Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive
Officer    PILSNER ACQUISITION SUB CORP.     By: /s/ David Shedlarz 
------------------------------  David Shedlarz  President   PHARMACIA
CORPORATION     By: /s/ Fred Hassan  ------------------------------ 
Fred Hassan  Chairman and Chief  Executive Officer    -1-    Index  
PAGE   Acquisition
Proposal.....................................................
43 Actions..................................................................
15 affiliate................................................................
10 Affiliate Agreement......................................................
48 Agreement................................................................
1 beneficial ownership.....................................................
59 beneficially own.........................................................
59 Benefit Plans............................................................
59 Benefits Continuation Period.............................................
44 Blue Sky Laws............................................................
14 Board of Directors.......................................................
60 Business Combination.....................................................
55 Business Day.............................................................
60 Certificate Amendment....................................................
13 Certificate of Merger....................................................
2 Certificates.............................................................
3 Change...................................................................
39 Change in the Company Recommendation.....................................
39 Change in the Parent Recommendation......................................
39 Closing..................................................................
2 Closing Date.............................................................
2 Code.....................................................................
1 Common Certificates......................................................
3 Common Stock Merger Consideration........................................
3 Company..................................................................
1 Company Benefit Plan.....................................................
28 Company Board Approval...................................................
24 Company Common Stock.....................................................
1 Company Convertible Preferred Stock......................................
1 Company Disclosure Schedule..............................................
20 Company Exhibit 21.......................................................
21 Company Permits..........................................................
25 Company Recommendation...................................................
39 Company Rights...........................................................
21 Company Rights Agreement.................................................
21 Company SEC Reports......................................................
23 Company Stock Option Plans...............................................
22 Company Stock Options....................................................
21 Company Stockholder Approval.............................................
25 Company Stockholders Meeting.............................................
38 Company Voting Debt......................................................
22 Confidential Information.................................................
40    -1-   Confidentiality
Agreement................................................ 60 Continuing
Employee...................................................... 44 Co-
Promotion Agreements..................................................
29 DGCL.....................................................................
2 DOJ......................................................................
42 EC Merger Regulation.....................................................
42 Effective Time...........................................................
.2 Environmental Claim......................................................
18 Environmental Law........................................................
18 Environmental Liabilities................................................
18 ERISA....................................................................
59 Exchange Act.............................................................
5 Exchange Agent...........................................................
6 Exchange Fund............................................................
6 Exchange Ratio...........................................................
3 Expenses.................................................................
46 Extended Termination Date................................................
53 FCPA.....................................................................
17 Form S-4.................................................................
37 Former Employees.........................................................
44 FTC......................................................................
42 GAAP.....................................................................
14 Governmental Entity......................................................
13 Hazardous Material.......................................................
18 HSR Act..................................................................
14 Intellectual Property....................................................
19 Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus.........................................
37 knowledge................................................................
60 known....................................................................
60 Liens....................................................................
11 Material Adverse Effect..................................................
60 Merger...................................................................
1 Merger Consideration.....................................................
3 Merger Sub...............................................................
1 Monsanto.................................................................
5 Monsanto Indebtedness....................................................
36 Monsanto Sale Transaction................................................
49 Monsanto Spin-Off........................................................
5 Necessary Consents.......................................................
14 NYSE.....................................................................
8 other party..............................................................
60 Parent...................................................................
1 Parent Board Approval....................................................
15 Parent Common Stock......................................................
1 Parent Convertible Preferred Stock.......................................
1    -2-   Parent Disclosure
Schedule............................................... 10 Parent Exhibit
21........................................................ 11 Parent
Permits........................................................... 16 Parent
Recommendation.................................................... 39 Parent
Rights............................................................ 11 Parent
Rights Agreement.................................................. 11 Parent
SEC Reports....................................................... 14 Parent
Stock Option Plans................................................ 12 Parent
Stock Options..................................................... 12 Parent
Stockholder Approval.............................................. 13 Parent
Stockholders Meeting.............................................. 39 Parent
Voting Debt.......................................................
12 parties..................................................................
.1 Permitted Capital Expenditure............................................
33 Person...................................................................
60 Preferred Certificates...................................................
3 Preferred Merger Consideration...........................................
3 Qualifying Amendment.....................................................
38 Regulatory Law...........................................................
42 Representatives..........................................................
40 Rights Agreement Amendment...............................................
29 SEC......................................................................
10 Securities Act...........................................................
10 Separation Agreements....................................................
36 Series B Preferred Stock.................................................
1 Share Issuance...........................................................
13 Subsidiary...............................................................
60 Superior Proposal........................................................
61 Surviving Corporation....................................................
2 Tax Return...............................................................
20 Taxes....................................................................
20 Termination Date.........................................................
52 Termination Fee..........................................................
55 Violation................................................................
13    -3-     '

