<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex2-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.2
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.2



                                AQUASOURCE, INC.



                                  March 4, 2003



Philadelphia Suburban Corporation
762 West Lancaster Avenue
Bryn Mawr, PA  19010
Attn:  Nicholas DeBenedictis

Aqua Acquisition Corporation
762 West Lancaster Avenue
Bryn Mawr, PA  19010
Attn: Nicholas DeBenedictis

         Re: Amendment No. 1 to the Purchase Agreement
             -----------------------------------------

Dear Mr. DeBenedictis:

         Reference is made to that certain Purchase Agreement, dated July 29,
2002, by and between AquaSource, Inc. (the "Seller") and DQE, Inc. ("DQE"), on
the one hand, and Philadelphia Suburban Corporation ("PSC") and Aqua Acquisition
Corporation ("Acquisition" and, together with PSC, the "Buyer"), on the other
hand (the "Purchase Agreement"). Capitalized terms that are used but not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Purchase Agreement.

         As a means of simplifying the process of transferring certain of the
Integrated Assets to the Buyer, the parties have agreed that (i) the Seller
would cause to be incorporated AquaSource Operations, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Operations"), (ii) the Seller would transfer certain of the
Integrated Assets to Operations prior to the Closing, and (iii) at the Closing,
PSC would acquire from the Seller all of the outstanding shares of capital stock
of Operations. In furtherance of the foregoing, the parties to the Purchase
Agreement, hereby amend the Purchase Agreement as follows:

         1.   The following recital is added to the Purchase Agreement as the
              fourth recital:

              WHEREAS, the Seller owns all of the issued and outstanding shares
              of common stock (the "Operations Shares") of AquaSource
              Operations, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Operations");

         2.   The last recital of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by
              restating clause (i) of said recital in its entirety to read as
              follows:

<PAGE>
              (i) the Utility Shares, the Utility Preferred Shares, the
              Development Shares, the Reynolds Shares and the Operations Shares
              (collectively, the "Shares") by PSC, or, with respect to the
              Operations Shares only, by Acquisition, and

         3.   Section 1.1(a) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by (i)
              replacing the word "purchases" in clause (iii) thereof with the
              words "purchases or owns" and (ii) by adding three new sentences
              at the end of said section, which three sentences shall read in
              their entirety as follows:

                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Seller will have
                  performed its obligations under this Section 1.1(a) with
                  respect to any particular Integrated Asset set forth on
                  Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule if, prior to
                  the Closing, the Seller shall have transferred, or caused to
                  be transferred, such Integrated Asset to Operations, and (ii)
                  the Buyer will have performed its obligations under this
                  Section 1.1(a) with respect to any Integrated Asset so
                  transferred to Operations if, at the Closing, PSC or
                  Acquisition shall purchase and accept from the Seller the
                  Operations Shares (as defined in Section 3.3). In addition,
                  the Parties expressly agree that at the Closing, the Seller
                  shall sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to PSC or
                  Acquisition, and PSC or Acquisition shall purchase and accept
                  from the Seller, the Operations Shares, provided, however,
                  that the Operations Shares shall be treated as an Integrated
                  Asset for all purposes whatsoever under this Purchase
                  Agreement, including, without limitation, for purposes of any
                  indemnity obligations in respect of Integrated Assets and
                  Integrated Liabilities contained herein. For the avoidance of
                  doubt, the Parties agree that the transfer of certain
                  Integrated Assets to Operations and the purchase of the
                  Operations Shares by PSC or Acquisition, as contemplated
                  above, is for the convenience of the Seller and is not
                  intended to affect any Party's rights, obligations or
                  interests with respect to such Integrated Assets as originally
                  set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

         4.   Section 1.1(b) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by
              restating said section in its entirety to read as follows:

                  The "Integrated Assets" shall mean all of those assets set
                  forth in Section 1.1 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule (as
                  defined in Section 3.1) and the Operations Shares (as defined
                  in Section 3.3).

         5.   Section 1.1(c) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by
              restating said section in its entirety to read as follows:

                  The "Integrated Liabilities" shall mean (i) all of the
                  performance obligations of the Seller and any Subsidiary of
                  the Seller (including Operations) which relate to the
                  Contracts included among the Integrated Assets (including any
                  Contracts assigned to Operations as contemplated by Section
                  1.1(a) hereof), and (ii) all of the liabilities of the Seller
                  and any Subsidiary of the Seller (including Operations),
                  direct or indirect, known or unknown, absolute or contingent,
                  which relate to the Contracts included among the Integrated
                  Assets (including any Contracts assigned to Operations as
                  contemplated by Section 1.1(a) hereof) and which arise on or
                  after the Closing Date (as defined in Section 2.1).
<PAGE>

         6.   Section 2.2(a)(i) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by
              adding a new sentence at the end of said section, which sentence
              shall read in its entirety as follows:

                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if prior to the Closing PSC
                  shall have directed the Seller, in writing, to deliver the
                  Operations Shares to Acquisition instead of PSC, then, at the
                  Closing, the Seller shall not deliver the Operations Shares to
                  PSC as contemplated by the immediately preceding sentence, but
                  instead shall, at the Closing, deliver to Acquisition, free
                  and clear of any Encumbrances, except for Permitted
                  Encumbrances, certificates representing the Operations Shares,
                  each such certificate to be duly and validly endorsed in favor
                  of Acquisition or accompanied by a separate stock power duly
                  and validly executed by the Seller and otherwise sufficient to
                  vest in Acquisition good title to the Operations Shares.

         7.   Each of Sections 3.1, 3.4, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, 3.15,
              3.16, 3.17 and 3.18 shall be amended by (i) replacing the phrase
              "Utility, Development and Reynolds" each time it appears in each
              such Section with the phrase "Utility, Development, Reynolds and
              Operations", (ii) replacing the phrase "Utility, Development or
              Reynolds" each time it appears in each such Section with the
              phrase "Utility, Development, Reynolds or Operations", and (iii)
              replacing the phrase "Utility, Development nor Reynolds" each time
              it appears in each such Section with the phrase "Utility,
              Development, Reynolds nor Operations."

         8.   Section 3.3 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by adding
              thereto a new Section 3.3(f), which shall read in its entirety as
              follows:

                  (f) As of the date hereof, (i) the authorized capital stock of
                  Operations consists of 100 shares of common stock, no par
                  value (the "Operations Stock"), (ii) all 100 shares of
                  Operations Stock (the "Operations Shares") have been validly
                  issued to the Seller and are fully paid and nonassessable,
                  (iii) the Seller owns all of the Operations Shares free and
                  clear of any Encumbrances, except for Permitted Encumbrances,
                  and (iv) there are no options, warrants, calls, rights,
                  commitments or agreements (other than this Agreement) of any
                  character to which the Seller or Operations is a party or by
                  which the Seller or Operations is bound obligating the Seller
                  or Operations to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be
                  issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock
                  of Operations, or obligating the Seller or Operations to
                  grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call,
                  right, commitment or agreement.

         9.   Section 5.5 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by adding
              thereto a new Section 5.5(c), which shall read in its entirety as
              follows:
<PAGE>

                  (c) PSC is acquiring, or is causing Acquisition to acquire,
                  the Operations Shares for investment and not with a view
                  toward, or for sale in connection with, any distribution
                  thereof, nor with any present intention of distributing or
                  selling the Operations Shares. PSC and Acquisition acknowledge
                  that the Operations Shares have not been registered under the
                  Securities Act and agree that the Operations Shares may not be
                  sold, transferred, offered for sale, pledged, hypothecated or
                  otherwise disposed of without registration under the
                  Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws,
                  except pursuant to an exemption from such registration under
                  the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.
                  Each of PSC and Acquisition is able to bear the economic risk
                  of holding the Operations Shares for an indefinite period, and
                  has knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
                  such that it is capable of evaluating the risks of the
                  investment in the Operations Shares.

         10.  Section 6.1 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by adding
              to said section a new Section 6.1(o), which shall read in its
              entirety as follows:

                  (o) Operations shall not (i) amend its articles of
                  incorporation or by-laws, (ii) split, combine or reclassify
                  its outstanding shares of capital stock, (iii) declare set
                  aside or pay any dividend payable in cash, stock or property
                  in respect of any of its capital stock, except for dividends
                  of Excluded Assets to the Seller as contemplated by Section
                  6.3, or (iv) issue, pledge, dispose of or encumber any shares
                  of its capital stock.

         11.  Section 10.5 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by (i)
              restating clause (b) to read in its entirety "(b) upon delivery by
              reputable overnight courier service", (ii) replacing both of
              AquaSource, Inc.'s and DQE, Inc.'s telephone number and contact
              person with Telephone No: 412-393-1140 and Attention: General
              Counsel, respectively, and (iii) replacing the counsel who is to
              receive a copy of notices for both of PSC and Acquisition with
              Piper Rudnick LLP, 3400 Two Logan Square, 18th and Arch Streets,
              Philadelphia, PA 19103, Telecopier No.: (215) 656-3301, Telephone
              No.: (215) 656-3341, Attention: Peter J. Tucci, Esq.



<PAGE>


         If the foregoing accurately reflects our agreement, please so indicate
by causing a duly authorized officer of PSC and Acquisition to sign in the
spaces provided below.

                                                   Very truly yours,

                                                   AQUASOURCE, INC.



                                                   By: FRANK A. HOFFMANN
                                                       -----------------
                                                       Frank A. Hoffmann
                                                       President


                                                   DQE, INC.



                                                   By: FRANK A. HOFFMANN
                                                       -----------------
                                                       Frank A. Hoffmann
                                                       Executive Vice President


AGREED AS OF THE DATE
FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN:

PHILADELPHIA SUBURBAN CORPORATION



By:  ROY H. STAHL
     ------------
     Roy H. Stahl
     Executive Vice President


AQUA ACQUISITION CORPORATION



By:  ROY H. STAHL
     ------------
     Roy H. Stahl
     Vice President

cc:  Peter J. Tucci, Esq.
     Erica Ward, Esq.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
