 EXHIBIT 10.1    EXHIBIT 10.1 
------------    ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this "Agreement") is made as of May 5, 2006 among Emmis Television
Broadcasting, L.P., an Indiana limited partnership, and Emmis Television
License, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company (collectively, "Seller"),
Emmis Operating Company, an Indiana corporation ("Guarantor") and Hearst-
Argyle Television, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Buyer").   RECITALS  
A. Seller owns and operates the following television broadcast station (the
"Station") pursuant to certain authorizations issued by the Federal
Communications Commission (the "FCC"):   WKCF(TV), Clermont, Florida
(including WKCF-DT)   B. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, Seller desires to sell to Buyer, and Buyer
desires to purchase from Seller, the Station Assets (defined below).   C.
Guarantor desires to unconditionally guarantee any and all obligations and
liabilities of Seller, or Seller\'s permitted assignees, under this
Agreement, as an inducement to Buyer to enter into this Agreement.   D.
References to the Schedules herein shall constitute references to Schedules
delivered from Seller to Buyer attached to the letter of even date herewith
(the "Disclosure Letter").   AGREEMENT   NOW, THEREFORE, taking the
foregoing into account, and in consideration of the mutual covenants and
agreements set forth herein, the parties, intending to be legally bound,
hereby agree as follows:  ARTICLE 1: PURCHASE OF ASSETS   1.1. STATION
ASSETS. On the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, at Closing
(defined below), except as set forth in Sections 1.2 and 1.3, Seller shall
sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase
and acquire from Seller, all right, title and interest of Seller in and to
all assets and properties of Seller, real and personal, tangible and
intangible, that are owned, leased, licensed, used or held for use in the
operation of the Station (the "Station Assets"), as and to the extent
existing on the Closing Date (defined below), free and clear of all Liens
(defined below) except Permitted Liens (defined below) including
without limitation the following:   (a) all licenses, permits and other
authorizations issued to Seller by the FCC with respect to the Station (the
"FCC Licenses"), including those described on SCHEDULE 1.1(a), and including
any renewals or modifications thereof between the date hereof and
Closing,    together with all other governmental licenses, permits and
regulatory approvals pertaining to the Station (collectively with the FCC
Licenses, the "Licenses");   (b) all of Seller\'s equipment, transmitters,
antennas, cables, towers, vehicles, furniture, fixtures, machinery and spare
parts, notebook and other computers (including operating software licenses)
and other tangible personal property of every kind and description that are
used or held for use in the operation of the Station, including without
limitation those listed on SCHEDULE 1.1(b), except for any retirements or
dispositions thereof made between the date hereof and Closing in the ordinary
course of business in accordance with Article 4 (the "Tangible Personal
Property");   (c) all of Seller\'s leased real property used or held for
use in the operation of the Station (including any appurtenant easements and
improvements located thereon), including without limitation those listed on
SCHEDULE 1.1(c) (the "Real Property");   (d) all agreements for the sale of
advertising time on the Station, and all other contracts, agreements and
leases used in the Station\'s business, including without limitation those
listed on SCHEDULE 1.1(d), together with all contracts, agreements and leases
made between the date hereof and Closing in accordance with Article 4 (the
"Station Contracts");   (e) all of Seller\'s rights in and to the
Station\'s call letters and Seller\'s rights in and to the trademarks, trade
names, service marks, internet domain names, copyrights, programs and
programming material, jingles, slogans, logos, and other intangible property,
including applications for any of the foregoing, which are used or held for
use in the operation of the Station, including without limitation those
listed on SCHEDULE 1.1(e) (the "Intangible Property");   (f) Seller\'s
rights in and to all the files, documents, records, and books of account (or
copies thereof) relating to the operation of the Station, including the
Station\'s local public files, programming information and studies,
engineering data, advertising studies, marketing and demographic data, sales
correspondence, lists of advertisers, credit and sales reports, and logs,
traffic system history records, and general, financial and personnel records,
but excluding records relating primarily to Excluded Assets (defined
below);   (g) all of Seller\'s goodwill in the Station and
its business;   (h) subject to Section 1.6 below, assets, properties and
rights set forth in the February 28, 2006 balance sheet included in
the Financial Statements (defined below); and   (i) all claims, causes of
action, rights of recovery and rights of set-off of Seller, whether mature,
contingent or otherwise, arising primarily out of the business of the Station
as and to the extent attributable to any period after the Effective Time.  
1.2. EXCLUDED ASSETS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the Station Assets shall not include the following assets or any
rights, title and interest therein (the "Excluded Assets"):   (a) all cash
and cash equivalents of Seller, including without limitation certificates of
deposit, commercial paper, treasury bills, marketable securities, money
market accounts and all such similar accounts or investments;   -2-   
(b) all tangible and intangible personal property of Seller retired or
disposed of between the date of this Agreement and Closing in accordance with
Article 4;   (c) all Station Contracts that are terminated or expire prior
to Closing in accordance with Article 4;   (d) Seller\'s corporate and trade
names not used primarily in the operation of the Station (including the name
"Emmis"), charter documents, and books and records relating to the
organization, existence or ownership of Seller, duplicate copies of the
records of the Station, and all records not relating to the operation of the
Station;   (e) all contracts of insurance, all coverages and proceeds
thereunder and all rights in connection therewith, including
without limitation rights arising from any refunds due with respect to
insurance premium payments to the extent related to such insurance
policies;   (f) all pension, profit sharing plans and trusts and the assets
thereof and any other employee benefit plan or arrangement and the assets
thereof, if any, maintained by Seller;   (g) the Station\'s accounts
receivable and any other rights to payment of cash consideration (including
without limitation all rights to payments under the Station\'s network
affiliation agreements, whether or not offset) for goods or services sold or
provided prior to the Effective Time (defined below) or otherwise
attributable to any period prior to the Effective Time (the "A/R");    (h)
any non-transferable shrinkwrapped computer software and any other non-
transferable computer licenses that are not material to the operation of the
Station;   (i) all claims, causes of action, rights of recovery and rights
of set-off of Seller, whether mature, contingent or otherwise, against third
parties with respect to the Station and the Station Assets, to the extent
attributable to any period prior to the Effective Time;   (j) all deposits
and prepaid expenses (and rights arising therefrom or related thereto),
except to the extent Seller receives a credit therefor under Section 1.6;  
(k) all claims of Seller with respect to any tax refunds;   (l) computers
and other assets located at the Emmis Communications Corporation
headquarters, and the centralized server facility, data links, payroll system
and other operating systems and related assets that are primarily used in the
operation of multiple stations;   (m) the Station\'s owned studio site
located at 31 Skyline Drive, Lake Mary, Florida (the "Studio Site");   (n)
all assets primarily used or held for use in the operation of "The Daily
Buzz" and Seller\'s ownership interest in The Daily Buzz, LLC;   (o) the
assets described in Section 1.3(c);   -3-    (p) the assets listed on
SCHEDULE 1.2, and the slogan "Great Media, Great People, Great Service;"
and   (q) the Tolling Agreement with the FCC referenced on SCHEDULE
1.1(a).   1.3. SHARED ASSETS.   (a) Some of the Station Contracts may be
used in the operation of multiple stations or other business units (the
"Shared Contracts"). The rights and obligations under the Shared Contracts
shall be equitably allocated among stations and/or such other business units
in a manner reasonably determined by Seller in accordance with the
following equitable allocation principles:   (i) any allocation set forth
in the Shared Contract shall control;   (ii) if none, then any allocation
previously made by Seller in the ordinary course of Station operations shall
control;   (iii) if none, then the quantifiable proportionate benefit to be
received by the parties after Closing shall control;   (iv) if not
quantifiable, then reasonable accommodation shall control; and   (v)
notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Shared Contract which is a
retransmission consent agreement, Buyer shall only assume such agreement as
it relates to the Station and Buyer shall have no obligation to assume (and
the Assumed Obligations (defined below) shall exclude) any liabilities or
obligations under such agreement as they could apply to any other assets or
businesses owned by Buyer or its affiliates now or in the future.   (b)
Buyer shall cooperate with Seller (and any third party designated by Seller)
in such allocation, and the Station Contracts (and Assumed Obligations) will
include only Buyer\'s allocated portion of the rights and obligations under
the Shared Contracts (without need for further action and whether such
allocation occurs before or after Closing). If designated by Seller, such
allocation will occur by termination of the Shared Contract and execution of
new contracts. Buyer\'s allocated portion of the Shared Contracts will not
include any group discounts or similar benefits specific to Seller or its
affiliates. Completion of documentation of any such allocation is not
a condition to Closing.   (c) The Tangible Personal Property located at
the Studio Site shall be allocated and conveyed as follows:   (i) the
equipment used in the master control facility and the other items of Tangible
Personal Property that are used primarily in the operation of the Station are
Station Assets;   (ii) the items listed on SCHEDULE 1.2 and the other items
of tangible personal property at such site not described in clause (i) above
are Excluded Assets;   -4-    (iii) the items used in the master
control facility and included in the Station Assets shall be conveyed on
the Transition Date (defined below) rather than Closing; and   (iv) upon
the Transition Date, Seller shall make such items available to Buyer, and
within ten (10) Business Days (defined below) thereafter, Buyer shall remove
such items from the Studio Site. As used herein, "Transition Date" means the
date WVUE(TV), New Orleans, Louisiana discontinues use of the Station\'s
master control facility, but not later than December 31, 2006. Seller shall
give Buyer notice of the Transition Date.   (d) Prior to Closing, if
requested by Buyer, Seller shall make available to Buyer appropriate Station
employees for traffic system training at reasonable times during normal
business hours, provided that such training does not interfere in any
material respect with such employee\'s performance of services for the
Station or WVUE.   1.4. ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS.   (a) ASSUMPTION OF
OBLIGATIONS. On the Closing Date, Buyer shall assume the obligations of
Seller arising during, or attributable to, any period of time on or after the
Closing Date under the Station Contracts and the FCC Licenses, the
obligations described in Section 5.6 and any other liabilities of Seller to
the extent Buyer receives a credit therefor under Section 1.6 (collectively,
the "Assumed Obligations").   (b) LIABILITIES NOT ASSUMED. Except for the
Assumed Obligations, Buyer does not assume, and will not be deemed by the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby to have assumed, any other liabilities or
obligations of Seller of any kind or nature whatsoever, regardless of whether
required by generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected on a
balance sheet or disclosed in the related notes (the "Retained Obligations").
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Retained Obligations
include and Buyer shall not assume nor shall Buyer be liable for: (i) any
liabilities or obligations of Seller relating to the Excluded Assets; (ii)
all obligations and liabilities of Seller arising out of the violation by
Seller of any Environmental Laws (as defined below) or for the Release (as
defined below) of any Hazardous Materials (as defined below) (including,
without limitation those arising out of or related to the Studio Site or
leased real property); (iii) any liabilities or obligations of Seller to any
employees of Seller or its affiliates not employed by Buyer; (iv) any
liability relating to the employment of current or former employees of the
Station prior to the Closing, including but not limited to any liabilities or
obligations of Seller for severance, accrued vacation or sick leave except as
set forth in Section 5.6 hereof or any liabilities under or in respect of any
Employee Benefit Plan (as hereinafter defined); (v) except for the Station
Contract with The Daily Buzz, LLC and any other Station Contracts listed on
SCHEDULE 1.1(D), any obligations or liabilities of Seller to any other
business unit of Seller, any affiliate of Seller, any director or officer of
Seller or any of its affiliates, or the holder of any equity or ownership
interest in Seller or any of its affiliates; (vi) any litigation, proceeding,
or claim by any Person (defined below) to the extent relating to the business
or operations of the Station prior to the Effective Time, whether or not such
litigation or proceeding or claim is pending, threatened or asserted before,
on or after the Effective Time; (vii) any   -5-   liability for income
or other taxes relating to the Station pertaining to the period prior to the
Effective Time; (viii) any liability in respect of any note, bond or
indebtedness for borrowed money; or (ix) any liability or sanctions imposed
by the FCC resulting from violation(s) by the Station of FCC rule(s) prior to
the Effective Time.   As used in this Agreement, "Environmental Laws" means
any law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, stipulation, or injunction
pertaining to land use, air, soil, surface water, groundwater (including the
protection, cleanup, removal, remediation or damage thereof), Hazardous
Materials, wetlands, public or employee health or safety or any other
environmental matter, including, without limitation, the following laws: (i)
Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. ss.7401, et seq.); (ii) Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C.
ss.1251, et seq.); (iii) Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act
(42 U.S.C. ss.11001, et seq.); (iv) Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
(42 U.S.C. ss.6901, et seq.); (v) Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C.
ss.2601, et seq.); (vi) Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. ss.651,
et seq.); (vii) Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and
Liability Act (42 U.S.C. ss.9601, et seq.); (viii) Safe Drinking Water Act
(42 U.S.C. ss.300f, et seq.); (ix) Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C.
ss.2601, et seq.); (x) Rivers and Harbors Act (33 U.S.C. ss.401, et seq.),
(xi) Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. ss.1531, et seq.); (xii) Hazardous
Material Transportation Act (49 U.S.C. ss.1801, et seq.); (xiii) any similar
or applicable environmental state law, rule or regulation; and (xiv) any
other law, rule or regulation relating to Hazardous Materials; and (xv) any
law, rule or regulation relating to radio radiation.   As used in this
Agreement, "Hazardous Materials" means any wastes, substances, chemicals, or
materials (whether solids, liquids or gases) that are defined as "hazardous
wastes," "hazardous substances," "toxic substances," "radioactive materials,"
or other similar designations in, or otherwise subject to prohibition or
regulation under, any Environmental Laws. "Hazardous Materials" includes
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), asbestos, asbestos-related products,
radioactive materials and wastes, and petroleum and petroleum products
(including crude oil or any fraction thereof) and other pollutants and
contaminants.   As used in this Agreement, "Release" means to pump, pour,
empty, eject, spill, leak, emit, deposit, discharge, disseminate, leach,
migrate, dispose, dump, inject, or place into the environment, or to cause
any of the foregoing.   1.5. PURCHASE PRICE. In consideration for the sale
of the Station Assets to Buyer, at Closing Buyer shall pay Seller, by wire
transfer of immediately available funds, the sum of Two Hundred Seventeen
Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($217,500,000), subject to adjustment
pursuant to Section 1.6 (the "Purchase Price").   1.6. PRORATIONS AND
ADJUSTMENTS.   (a) All prepaid and deferred income and expenses relating to
the Station Assets and arising from the operation of the Station shall be
prorated between Buyer and Seller in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") as of 12:01 a.m. on the day
of Closing (the "Effective Time"). Such prorations shall include without
limitation all ad valorem, real estate and other property taxes (except
transfer taxes as provided by Section 11.1), music and other license fees,
make good advertising to be provided by Buyer, employee
performance incentives set forth in employment agreements or annual
compensation   -6-   plans, any vacation for Transferred Employees
(defined below) (except accruals for the fiscal year of Seller in which
Closing occurs for which there shall be no adjustment), utility expenses,
rent and other amounts under Station Contracts and similar prepaid and
deferred items. Seller shall receive a credit for the unapplied portion of
all of the Station\'s deposits and prepaid expenses. Sales commissions
related to the sale of advertisements broadcast on the Station prior to the
Effective Time shall be the responsibility of Seller, and sales commissions
related to the sale of advertisements broadcast on the Station after the
Effective Time shall be the responsibility of Buyer. All revenue and
operating expenses of the Station shall be further adjusted and allocated
between Seller and Buyer to the extent necessary to effect the principle that
all such income and expenses attributable to the operation of the Station on
and after the Closing Date shall be for the account of Buyer and all such
income and expenses attributable to the operation of the Station prior to the
Closing Date shall be for the account of Seller   (b) With respect to trade,
barter or similar agreements for the sale of time for goods or services
assumed by Buyer pursuant to Section 1.1(d), if at Closing the Station has an
aggregate negative or positive barter balance (I.E., the amount by which the
value of air time to be provided by the Station after the Effective Time
exceeds, or conversely, is less than, the fair market value of corresponding
goods and services), there shall be no proration or adjustment, unless the
negative or positive barter balance of the Station as an aggregate exceeds
$20,000, in which event such excess or deficiency, as the case may be, shall
be treated either as prepaid time sales or a receivable of Seller, and
adjusted for as a proration in Buyer\'s or Seller\'s favor, as applicable. In
determining barter balances, the value of air time shall be based upon
Seller\'s rates as of Closing, and corresponding goods and services shall
include those to be received by the Station after Closing plus those received
by the Station before Closing to the extent conveyed by Seller to Buyer as a
part of the Station Assets.   (c) No later than three (3) Business Days
prior to the scheduled Closing date, Seller shall provide Buyer with a
statement setting forth a reasonably detailed computation of Seller\'s
reasonable and good faith estimate of the Adjustment Amount (defined below)
as of Closing (the "Preliminary Adjustment Report"). As used herein, the
"Adjustment Amount" means the net amount by which the Purchase Price is to be
increased or decreased in accordance with this Section 1.6. If the Adjustment
Amount reflected on the Preliminary Adjustment Report is a credit to Buyer,
then the Purchase Price payable at Closing shall be reduced by the amount of
the preliminary Adjustment Amount, and if the Adjustment Amount reflected on
the Preliminary Adjustment Report is a charge to Buyer, then the Purchase
Price payable at Closing shall be increased by the amount of such
preliminary Adjustment Amount. For a period of ninety (90) days after
Closing, Seller and its auditors and Buyer and its auditors may review the
Preliminary Adjustment Report and the related books and records of Seller
with respect to the Station, and Buyer and Seller will in good faith seek to
reach agreement on the final Adjustment Amount. If agreement is reached
within such 90-day period, then promptly thereafter Seller shall pay to Buyer
or Buyer shall pay to Seller, as the case may be, an amount equal to the
difference between (i) the agreed Adjustment Amount and (ii) the preliminary
Adjustment Amount indicated in the Preliminary Adjustment Report. If
agreement is not reached within such 90-day period, then the dispute
resolutions of Section 1.6(d) shall apply.   (d) If the parties do not
reach an agreement on the Adjustment Amount within the 90-day period
specified in Section 1.6(c), then Seller and Buyer shall select an
independent accounting firm of recognized national standing (the "Arbitrating
Firm") to resolve the disputed   -7-   items. If Seller and Buyer do not
agree on the Arbitrating Firm within five (5) calendar days after the end of
such 90-day period, then the Arbitrating Firm shall be a nationally
recognized independent accounting firm selected by lot (after excluding one
firm designated by Seller and one firm designated by Buyer). Buyer and Seller
shall each inform the Arbitrating Firm in writing as to their respective
positions with respect to the Adjustment Amount, and each shall make
available to the Arbitrating Firm any books and records and work papers
relevant to the preparation of the Arbitrating Firm\'s computation of the
Adjustment Amount. The Arbitrating Firm shall be instructed to complete its
analysis within thirty (30) days from the date of its engagement and
upon completion to inform the parties in writing of its own determination of
the Adjustment Amount, the basis for its determination and whether
its determination is within the Mid-Range (defined below) or if not, whether
it is closer to Buyer\'s or Seller\'s written determination of the Adjustment
Amount. Any determination by the Arbitrating Firm in accordance with this
Section shall be final and binding on the parties. Within five (5) calendar
days after the Arbitrating Firm delivers to the parties its written
determination of the Adjustment Amount, Seller shall pay to Buyer, or Buyer
shall pay to Seller, as the case may be, an amount equal to the difference
between (i) the Adjustment Amount as determined by the Arbitrating Firm and
(ii) the preliminary Adjustment Amount indicated in the Preliminary
Adjustment Report.   (e) If the Arbitrating Firm\'s determination of
the Adjustment Amount is within the Mid-Range, then Seller and Buyer shall
each pay one-half of the fees and disbursements of the Arbitrating Firm
in connection with its analysis. If not, then (i) if the Arbitrating
Firm determines that the written position of Buyer concerning the Adjustment
Amount is closer to its own determination, then Seller shall pay the fees
and disbursements of the Arbitrating Firm in connection with its analysis, or
(ii) if the Arbitrating Firm determines that the written position of
Seller concerning the Adjustment Amount is closer to its own determination,
then Buyer shall pay the fees and disbursements of the Arbitrating Firm
in connection with its analysis. As used herein, the term "Mid-Range" means
a range that (i) equals twenty percent (20%) of the absolute difference
between the written positions of Buyer and Seller as to the Adjustment Amount
and (ii) has a midpoint equal to the average of such written positions of
Buyer and Seller.   (f) Concurrently with the payment of any
amount required to be paid under Section 1.6(c) or (d), the payor shall pay
the payee interest on such amount for the period from the Closing Date until
the date paid at a rate equal to the prime rate charged by JP Morgan Chase.
All payments to be made under Section 1.6 shall be paid by wire transfer
in immediately available funds to the account of the payee at a
financial institution in the United States and shall for all purposes
constitute an adjustment to the Purchase Price.   1.7. ALLOCATION. After
Closing, Buyer and Seller will allocate the Purchase Price in accordance with
the respective fair market values of the Station Assets and the goodwill
being purchased and sold in accordance with the requirements of Section 1060
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Buyer and
Seller shall file its federal income tax returns and its other tax returns
reflecting the allocation made pursuant to this Section.   1.8. CLOSING.
The consummation of the sale and purchase of the Station Assets provided for
in this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place on the fifth Business Day
after the last to occur of the date of public notice of the FCC Consent
(defined below), satisfaction or   -8-   waiver of the condition set
forth on SCHEDULE 11.2, HSR Clearance (defined below) and delivery of the
last of the Required Consents (defined below) (or on such earlier day as
Buyer and Seller may mutually agree), in any event subject to satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in Articles 6 and 7 below. The date on
which the Closing is to occur is referred to herein as the "Closing Date."
"Business Day," whether or not capitalized, shall mean every day of the week
except Saturday, Sunday and days on which banks are closed in the State of
New York.   1.9. GOVERNMENTAL CONSENTS.   (a) Within five (5) Business
Days of the date of this Agreement, Buyer and Seller shall file an
application with the FCC (the "FCC Application") requesting FCC consent to
the assignment of the FCC Licenses to Buyer. Public notice of FCC consent to
the assignment of the main station (both analog and digital) FCC Licenses to
Buyer without any material adverse conditions other than those of general
applicability is referred to herein as the "FCC Consent." Buyer and Seller
shall diligently prosecute the FCC Application and otherwise use their
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the FCC Consent as soon as
possible. Seller shall timely publish and/or broadcast the notices required
by FCC rules and regulations pertaining to the FCC Application. In the event
that the FCC imposes any condition upon Buyer or Seller with respect to the
FCC Application, the party subject to such condition shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to comply therewith, provided, however, that
the party subject to such condition shall not be required to take any action
if (i) the condition was imposed on it as the result of a circumstance the
existence of which does not constitute a breach by the party of any of its
representations, warranties, or covenants under this Agreement, and (ii)
compliance with the condition would, in its reasonable judgment, be unduly
burdensome on it in any material respect (financial or otherwise). If the
Closing shall not have occurred for any reason within the original effective
period of the FCC Consent, and neither party shall have terminated this
Agreement under Article 10, the parties shall jointly request an extension of
the effective period of the FCC Consent. No extension of the effective period
of the FCC Consent shall limit the right of a party to exercise its rights
under Article 10.   (b) It is acknowledged and agreed that, for purposes
of this Section 1.9 and any other provision of this Agreement, any
condition imposed by the FCC or any other governmental authority (including,
without limitation, any court or judicial body) requiring the divestiture of
any assets, properties or businesses, including but not limited to
television broadcast station WESH(TV), Daytona Beach, Florida ("WESH"), by
Buyer or any of its affiliates would be unduly burdensome in a material
respect and therefore not required. Buyer shall not enter into any agreement
or transactions to acquire any other media properties or stations in
the Orlando-Daytona-Melbourne, Florida DMA, nor shall Buyer enter into
any operating agreement, time brokerage agreement, local marketing
agreement, joint sales agreement, joint venture or other similar agreement,
in each case which could reasonably be expected to have the effect of
delaying action by the FCC upon the FCC Application or the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby.   (c) Within ten (10) Business Days
after the date of this Agreement, Buyer and Seller shall make any required
filings with the Federal Trade Commission and the United States Department of
Justice pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended (the "HSR Act") with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby (including a request for early termination of the waiting period
thereunder), and shall thereafter promptly   -9-   respond to all
requests received from such agencies for additional information or
documentation. Expiration or termination of any applicable waiting
period under the HSR Act is referred to herein as "HSR Clearance."   (d)
Buyer and Seller shall notify each other and provide copies of all petitions,
pleadings and other documents and correspondence filed with or received from
any governmental agency with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. Buyer and Seller shall furnish each other with such
information and assistance as the other may reasonably request in connection
with their preparation of any governmental filing hereunder. The FCC Consent
and HSR Clearance are referred to herein collectively as the "Governmental
Consents."  ARTICLE 2: SELLER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   Seller
makes the following representations and warranties to Buyer:   2.1.
ORGANIZATION. Seller is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and is qualified to
do business in each jurisdiction in which the Station Assets are located.
Seller has the requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform
this Agreement and all of the other agreements and instruments to be made by
Seller pursuant hereto (collectively, the "Seller Ancillary Agreements") and,
to its knowledge, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  
2.2. AUTHORIZATION. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the Seller Ancillary Agreements by Seller have been duly authorized and
approved by all necessary action of Seller and do not require any further
authorization or consent of Seller. This Agreement is, and each Seller
Ancillary Agreement when made by Seller and the other parties thereto will
be, a legal, valid and binding agreement of Seller enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except in each case as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws
affecting or limiting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally
and except as such enforceability is subject to general principles of
equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law).   2.3. NO CONFLICTS. Except for the
Governmental Consents and consents to assign certain of the Station Contracts
as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(C) and SCHEDULE 1.1(D), the execution, delivery
and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the Seller Ancillary
Agreements and the consummation by Seller of any of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby does not and will not conflict with or
violate any organizational documents of Seller or any law, judgment, order,
or decree to which Seller is subject, or require the consent or approval of,
or a filing by Seller with, any governmental or regulatory authority or any
third party or any contract, mortgage or instrument to which Seller is a
party or is bound or subject.   2.4. FCC LICENSES. SCHEDULE 1.1(A) lists all
FCC Licenses and all other material Licenses relating to the operation of the
Station or required for the lawful conduct of the business of the Station as
now conducted. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(a):   -10-    (a)
Seller is the valid and legal holder of the Licenses described on SCHEDULE
1.1(a). The Licenses are valid and in full force and effect and have not been
revoked, suspended, canceled, rescinded or terminated and have not expired
and constitute all of the material licenses, permits and authorizations used
in or required for the current operation of the Station under applicable laws
including but not limited to the Communications Act (as defined below). None
of the Licenses is subject to any condition or restriction which would limit
the full operation of the Station as currently operated by Seller. To
Seller\'s knowledge, there is not pending or threatened, any action,
proceeding, complaint, notice of forfeiture, claim or investigation by or
before the FCC or any other governmental authority to revoke, suspend,
cancel, rescind or materially adversely modify any of the Licenses or that
would materially impair the ability of Seller to assign the Licenses to Buyer
or which would materially impede Seller\'s ability to prosecute the FCC
Application or seek the grant of the FCC Consent (other than proceedings to
amend FCC rules of general applicability). There is not issued or
outstanding, by or before the FCC, or, to Seller\'s knowledge threatened, any
order to show cause, notice of violation, notice of apparent liability,
or order of forfeiture against the Station or against Seller with respect to
the Station that could result in any such action. The Station is operating
in compliance in all material respects with the FCC Licenses, the
Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules, regulations and
policies of the FCC (collectively, the "Communications Act").   (b) The
Station has been assigned channel 17 by the FCC for the provision of digital
television ("DTV") service. The FCC Licenses include a license for a
maximized DTV facility on channel 17 and the FCC has tentatively designated
channel 17 for the Station\'s post-transition DTV operation. The Station is
broadcasting the DTV signal in accordance with such authorization in all
material respects.   2.5. TAXES. Seller has, in respect of the Station\'s
business, filed all foreign, federal, state, county and local income, excise,
property, sales, use, franchise and other tax returns and reports which are
required to have been filed by it under applicable law, and has paid all
taxes which have become due pursuant to such returns or applicable law or
pursuant to any assessments which have become payable.   2.6. PERSONAL
PROPERTY. SCHEDULE 1.1(b) contains a list of material items of Tangible
Personal Property as of the date of this Agreement included in the Station
Assets, subject to Section 1.3(c). Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(b),
Seller has good and marketable title to the Tangible Personal Property free
and clear of liens, claims and encumbrances ("Liens") other than Permitted
Liens. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(b), all material items of Tangible
Personal Property are in good operating condition, ordinary wear and tear
excepted. As used herein, "Permitted Liens" means, collectively, the Assumed
Obligations, liens for taxes not yet due and payable and liens that will be
released at or prior to Closing and are disclosed on SCHEDULE 1.1(b).  
2.7. REAL PROPERTY. SCHEDULE 1.1(c) includes a description of each lease of
Real Property or similar agreement included in the Station Contracts (the
"Real Property Leases"). Except for the Studio Site, Seller does not own any
real property which is primarily used or held for use in the operation of the
Station.   2.8. CONTRACTS. SCHEDULE 1.1(d) is a true, correct and
complete listing of all Material Station Contracts (defined below) existing
on the date of this Agreement, and Seller has made   -11-   available
copies of such contracts to Buyer, except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(d), in
which case Seller has provided a description of the material terms of such
Station Contracts on SCHEDULE 1.1(d). SCHEDULE 1.1(c) AND SCHEDULE 1.1(d)
identify each such Material Station Contract (including Real Property Leases)
for which consent to assignment is required for the assignment of the Station
Contract to Buyer. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(d), each of
the Station Contracts (including without limitation each of the Real
Property Leases) is in effect and is binding upon Seller and, to Seller\'s
knowledge, the other parties thereto (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement
of creditors\' rights generally). Seller has performed its obligations under
each of the Station Contracts in all material respects, and is not in
material default thereunder, and to Seller\'s knowledge, no other party to
any of the Station Contracts is in default thereunder in any material
respect.   "MATERIAL STATION CONTRACTS" means, with respect to the
Station, except for Retained Obligations:   (i) contracts and other
agreements for the future acquisition or sale of any assets involving $20,000
individually (or in the aggregate, in the case of any related series of
contracts and other agreements), other than for sales of advertising in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;   (ii) contracts
and other agreements relating to joint ventures or partnerships;   (iii)
contracts and other agreements calling for future aggregate purchase prices,
payments or other consideration to or from Seller in any one year having a
value of more than $20,000 in any one case (or in the aggregate, in the case
of any related series of contracts and other agreements) other than for sales
of advertising in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;   (iv) contracts and other agreements containing covenants
of Seller prohibiting or materially limiting the right to compete in any line
of business, prohibiting or restricting its ability to conduct business with
any Person or in any geographical area, or requiring the acquisition of goods
or services exclusively from a single supplier or provider; "Person" means
any individual, general or limited partnership, corporation, limited
liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other
entity;   (v) contracts and other agreements relating to the acquisition by
Seller of any operating business, the capital stock of any other Person
or, except for Tangible Property acquired in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices, or any other assets or property
(real or personal) for a purchase price of more than $20,000 individually (or
in the aggregate, in the case of any related series of contracts and
other agreements);   (vi) contracts and other agreements requiring the
payment by or to Seller of a royalty, override or similar commission or fee
of more than $20,000 in any one year;   (vii) contracts and other
agreements relating to the creation of liens or the guarantee of the payment
of liabilities or performance of obligations of any other Person by
Seller;   -12-    (viii) all network affiliation contracts;   (ix) all
sales agency or advertising representation contracts;   (x) all contracts
with independent contractors other than those not requiring expenditures of
more than $20,000 in any calendar year and having a term of not more than one
(1) year;   (xi) all contracts and other agreements for the sale of
broadcast time on the Station for other than monetary consideration having a
value of more than $20,000;   (xi) all contracts and other agreements
pursuant to which the Station acquires programming or provides programming to
third parties; and   (xii) all retransmission consent agreements.   2.9.
ENVIRONMENTAL. Except as set forth in the Phase I environmental assessment of
the Studio Site provided by Seller to Buyer ("Phase I"), to Seller\'s
knowledge, no Hazardous Material has been generated, stored, transported or
Released on, in, from or to the Real Property included in the Station Assets
or the Studio Site. Except as set forth in the Phase I, to Seller\'s
knowledge, Seller has complied in all material respects with
all Environmental Laws applicable to the Station.   2.10. INTANGIBLE
PROPERTY. SCHEDULE 1.1(e) contains a description of the material Intangible
Property as of the date of this Agreement included in the Station Assets.
Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(e), (i) Seller\'s use of the Intangible
Property does not infringe upon any third party rights in any material
respect and (ii) none of the material Intangible Property is being infringed
by any third party. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(e), Seller has not
received any written notice that its use of the Intangible Property at the
Station is unauthorized or violates or infringes upon the rights of any other
Person or challenging the ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any
Intangible Property. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(b), Seller owns or
has the right to use the Intangible Property free and clear of Liens other
than Permitted Liens.   2.11. EMPLOYEES.   (a) Seller has complied in all
material respects with all labor and employment laws, rules and regulations
applicable to the Station\'s business, including without limitation those
which relate to prices, wages, hours, discrimination in employment and
collective bargaining. There is no, nor within the past twelve months has
there been any, unfair labor practice charge or complaint against Seller in
respect of the Station\'s business pending or to Seller\'s knowledge
threatened before the National Labor Relations Board, EEOC or any federal,
state or local labor relations board or any court or tribunal, and there is
no, nor within the past twelve months has there been any, strike, dispute,
request for representation, slowdown or stoppage pending or threatened in
respect of the Station\'s business.   (b) Seller has delivered to Buyer the
list described in Section 5.6(a). There are no collective bargaining
agreements with respect to the Station. Unused annual vacation and sick leave
benefits for Station employees do not carryover from year-to-year.  
-13-    (c) As used in this Agreement, "Employee Benefit Plans" means each
employee benefit plan, policy, program or contract, including, but not
limited to, employment, bonus, incentive compensation, deferred compensation,
pension, profit sharing, retirement, equity-based, leave of absence,
vacation, sick leave, severance, insurance, workers\'
compensation, disability, supplemental unemployment, or other "employee
welfare benefit plan" or "employee pension benefit plan" as defined in
Sections 3(1) and 3(2) of ERISA) which are maintained or contributed to by
Seller for the benefit of, or pursuant to which Seller or any subsidiary or
ERISA Affiliate (defined below) has any liability with respect to any current
or former employee. As used in this Agreement, an "ERISA Affiliate" means any
entity required to be aggregated with Seller under Section 414(b), (c), (m)
or (o) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.   (d) For each Employee
Benefit Plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code (other than
any multiemployer plan, as defined in Sections 4001(a)(3) or 3(37) of ERISA
or Section 414(f) of the Code), a favorable determination letter has been
issued by the Internal Revenue Service and no events have occurred that would
adversely affect the tax-qualified status of any such Employee Benefit
Plan.   (e) Seller has at all times complied, and currently complies, in
all material respects with the applicable health care continuation
requirements for any Employee Benefit Plan that is a welfare benefit plan (as
defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), including Section 4980B of the Code and
Sections 601-608 of ERISA (collectively referred to as "COBRA") and any
applicable health care continuation coverage requirements under
state law.   2.12. INSURANCE. Seller maintains insurance policies or
other arrangements with respect to the Station and the Station Assets
consistent with its practices for other stations, and will maintain such
policies or arrangements until the Effective Time.   2.13. COMPLIANCE WITH
LAW. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(a), Seller has complied in all
material respects with all laws, rules and regulations, and all decrees and
orders of any court or governmental authority which are applicable to the
operation of the Station. To Seller\'s knowledge, there are no governmental
claims or investigations pending or threatened against Seller in respect of
the Station except those affecting the industry generally.   2.14.
LITIGATION. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, to Seller\'s
knowledge, threatened against Seller in respect of the Station that will
subject Buyer to liability or affect the use or value of the Station Assets
or which will affect Seller\'s ability to perform its obligations under this
Agreement.   2.15. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Seller has provided to Buyer copies
of its statements of operations for the Station for the years ended February
29, 2004, February 28, 2005 and February 28, 2006 and the balance sheets for
the Station as of February 29, 2004, February 28, 2005 and February 28, 2006
(the "Financial Statements"). The Financial Statements are the statements
included in the audited consolidated financial statements of Seller and its
affiliates (but such statements are not separately audited). The Financial
Statements are consistent with the books and records of the Station, have
been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and present
fairly in all material respects the financial condition of the Station and
the results of operations of the Station for the respective periods covered
thereby, except that (i) the   -14-   Financial Statements do not include
corporate overhead expenses for legal, accounting, human resources and
benefits administration, information technology, engineering, and television
division management services, (ii) insurance expense reflected in the
statements is an estimate of the Station\'s share of consolidated insurance
expense and not necessarily indicative of actual claims activity of the
Station, (iii) a portion of employee compensation expenses are paid in stock
but are reflected as cash expenses in the statements, (iv) program
amortization adjustments resulting from Seller\'s application of purchase
accounting in connection with its acquisition of the Station in 1999, (v)
certain revenues and expenses associated with Seller\'s national rep
contract, including amortization of deferred agency buy out payments which
reduce agency commission expense, amortization of related customer list and
payment to the national rep firm based on performance in Seller\'s fiscal
year ended February 28, 2005 on the consolidated results of the Seller\'s
television division, all of which is recorded on Seller\'s books on a
consolidated basis, and (vi) such statements do not include income
tax expense or benefit, interest income and expense, disclosures required by
GAAP in notes accompanying the financial statements, retiree benefit
expense (pension, health insurance, etc.), and non-cash compensation
expenses associated with the discount given to employees on stock purchases
under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the Stock Compensation Plan and
associated with restricted stock grants made March 1, 2005, and expenses
attributable to the adoption of accounting pronouncements SFAS 142 and EITF
Topic D-108. Between February 28, 2006 and the date of this Agreement, the
Station has been operated in all material respects in the ordinary course of
business and otherwise in the manner set forth in Section 4.1, as if such
Section applied during such period (other than Section 4.1(g)).   2.16. NO
UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. There are no liabilities or obligations of Seller
that will be binding upon Buyer after the Effective Time other than the
Assumed Obligations.   2.17. BROKERS. Except for The Blackstone Group, whose
fees, commissions and expenses are the sole responsibility of Seller, neither
this Agreement nor the purchase and sale of the Station Assets or any
other transaction contemplated by this Agreement was induced or procured
through any party acting on behalf of or representing Seller as broker,
finder, investment banker, financial advisor, or in any similar capacity.  
2.18. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES; ENTIRE BUSINESS. Except as disclosed in
the Financial Statements and except for the Station Contract with The Daily
Buzz, LLC listed on SCHEDULE 1.1(d) and previous arrangements between the
Station and RDS/Coopportunities which have since expired and except as set
forth in clause (i) of the third sentence of Section 2.15 and except for
Excluded Assets, since March 1, 2003 neither Seller nor any affiliate of
Seller has been involved in any business arrangement or relationship with or
in respect of the Station, and, other than for the Station Assets and the
assets listed on the Shared Contracts, neither Seller nor any affiliate of
Seller owns any property or right, tangible or intangible, that is used in
the Station\'s business or operations. The conveyance of the Station Assets
will convey to Buyer the entire business of the Station, and all the tangible
property and intangible property used by the Station in connection with the
conduct of the business as heretofore conducted by Seller, except for the
Excluded Assets.   -15-    2.19. DISCLOSURE. Neither this Agreement nor
any Schedule hereto contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein
misleading.  ARTICLE 3: BUYER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   Buyer
hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Seller:   3.1.
ORGANIZATION. Buyer is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and is qualified to
do business in each jurisdiction in which the Station Assets are located.
Buyer has the requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform
this Agreement and all of the other agreements and instruments to be executed
and delivered by Buyer pursuant hereto (collectively, the "Buyer Ancillary
Agreements") and, to its knowledge, to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.   3.2. AUTHORIZATION. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Buyer Ancillary Agreements
by Buyer have been duly authorized and approved by all necessary action of
Buyer and do not require any further authorization or consent of Buyer. This
Agreement is, and each Buyer Ancillary Agreement when made by Buyer and the
other parties thereto will be, a legal, valid and binding agreement of Buyer
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except in each case as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting or limiting the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and except as such enforceability is subject to
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   3.3. NO CONFLICTS.
Except for the Governmental Consents, the execution, delivery and performance
by Buyer of this Agreement and the Buyer Ancillary Agreements and the
consummation by Buyer of any of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby does not and will not conflict with or violate any organizational
documents of Buyer or any law, judgment, order or decree to which Buyer is
subject, or require the consent or approval of, or a filing by Buyer with,
any governmental or regulatory authority or any third party or any contract,
mortgage or instrument to which Buyer is a party or is bound or subject.  
3.4. LITIGATION. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, to its
knowledge, threatened against Buyer which questions the legality or propriety
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or could materially
adversely affect the ability of Buyer to perform its
obligations hereunder.   3.5. QUALIFICATION. To Buyer\'s knowledge, it is
legally, financially and otherwise qualified to be the licensee of, acquire,
own and operate the Station under the Communications Act and the rules,
regulations and policies of the FCC. To Buyer\'s knowledge, there are no
facts that would, under existing law and the existing rules, regulations,
policies and procedures of the FCC, disqualify Buyer as an assignee of the
FCC Licenses or as the owner and operator of the Station. To Buyer\'s
knowledge, no waiver of or exemption from any FCC rule or policy is necessary
for the FCC Consent to be obtained. To Buyer\'s knowledge, there are no
matters which might reasonably be expected to result in the FCC\'s denial or
delay of approval of the FCC Application. To Buyer\'s knowledge, as of the
date of this Agreement, Buyer\'s acquisition   -16-   of the Station
complies with the FCC\'s multiple-ownership rules. Neither Buyer nor any
Person with an attributable ownership interest under FCC rules in Buyer has
any other attributable ownership interest in any media property in the
Orlando-Daytona-Melbourne, Florida DMA other than WESH.   3.6. BROKERS.
Neither this Agreement nor the purchase and sale of the Station Assets or any
other transaction contemplated by this Agreement was induced or procured
through any party acting on behalf of or representing Buyer as broker,
finder, investment banker, financial advisor, or in any similar
capacity.  ARTICLE 4: SELLER COVENANTS   4.1. SELLER\'S COVENANTS. Between
the date hereof and Closing, and except as permitted by this Agreement or
with the prior written consent of Buyer, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned, Seller shall:   (a) operate the Station
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (including
but not limited to completion of capital expense projects in accordance with
Seller\'s fiscal year ended 2007 budget) and in all material respects in
accordance with FCC rules and regulations and with all other applicable laws,
regulations, rules and orders, and use commercially reasonable efforts to
preserve intact the business, operations and assets of the Station and
maintain its relationships with employees, suppliers and customers;   (b)
not sell, assign, transfer or materially adversely modify any of the FCC
Licenses;   (c) not other than in the ordinary course of business, sell,
lease or dispose of or agree to sell, lease or dispose of any of the Station
Assets unless replaced with similar items of substantially equal or greater
value and utility, or create, assume or permit to exist any Liens upon the
Station Assets, except for Permitted Liens;   (d) upon reasonable notice,
give Buyer reasonable access during normal business hours to the Station\'s
business and the Station Assets, and, through a representative designated by
Seller, the Station\'s employees, and furnish Buyer with information relating
to the Station Assets and the Station employees that Buyer may reasonably
request, provided that such access rights shall not be exercised in a manner
that unreasonably interferes with the operation of the Station;   (e) at
Buyer\'s sole cost and expense, provide Buyer any financial information
regarding the Station that is maintained by Seller on an unconsolidated basis
and requested by Buyer that is reasonably necessary to satisfy any reporting
obligations to the Securities and Exchange Commission or reasonably necessary
to obtain acquisition financing for the Station;   (f) except as otherwise
required by law, (i) not enter into any employment, labor, or union agreement
or plan (or amendments of any such existing agreements or plan) that will be
binding upon Buyer after Closing or (ii) increase the compensation payable
(or make any new commitment to pay severance pay that would be binding on
Buyer) to any employee of the Station, except for bonuses and other
compensation payable by Seller in connection with   -17-   the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
other station sales by Seller;   (g) not enter into any contract or other
agreement which, if in effect on the date hereof, would be a Material Station
Contract or amend any existing Material Station Contracts;   (h) not
knowingly waive any right of material value under a Station Contract, or
change the manner in which Seller applies GAAP unless required by GAAP or
law, and give Buyer notice of any material change in Seller\'s accounting
practices and policies; and   (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the Station Contract for the Daily Buzz to be modified or amended so as
to extend the term of the Daily Buzz Station Contract through May 2007 and to
provide the Station with retransmission consent rights to multi-channel
video programming distributors within the Station\'s DMA and where the
Station is significantly viewed.  ARTICLE 5: JOINT COVENANTS   Buyer and
Seller hereby covenant and agree as follows:   5.1. CONFIDENTIALITY. Seller
(or The Blackstone Group, LLC on behalf of Seller) and Buyer (or an affiliate
of Buyer on behalf of Buyer) are parties to a non-disclosure agreement with
respect to Seller and its television stations (the "NDA"). To the extent not
already a direct party thereto, Seller and Buyer hereby assume the NDA and
agree to be bound by the provisions thereof. Without limiting the terms of
the NDA, subject to the requirements of applicable law, all non-public
information regarding the parties and their business and properties that is
disclosed in connection with the negotiation, preparation or performance of
this Agreement (including without limitation all financial information
provided by Seller to Buyer) shall be confidential and shall not be disclosed
to any other Person, except in accordance with the terms of the NDA.   5.2.
ANNOUNCEMENTS. Prior to Closing, no party shall, without the prior written
consent of the other, issue any press release or make any other public
announcement concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
except to the extent that such party is so obligated by law or the rules of
any stock exchange, in which case such party shall give advance notice to the
other.   5.3. CONTROL. Buyer shall not, directly or indirectly,
control, supervise or direct the operation of the Station prior to Closing.
Consistent with the Communications Act and the FCC rules and regulations,
control, supervision and direction of the operation of the Station prior to
Closing shall remain the responsibility of Seller as the holder of the FCC
Licenses.   5.4. RISK OF LOSS.   (a) Seller shall bear the risk of any
loss of or damage to any of the Station Assets at all times until Closing,
and Buyer shall bear the risk of any such loss or damage thereafter.  
-18-    (b) If prior to Closing any item of Tangible Personal Property is
damaged or destroyed or otherwise not in the condition described in Section
2.6 in any material respect, then:   (i) Seller shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to repair or replace such item in all material respects in
the ordinary course of business; and   (ii) if such repair or replacement
is not completed prior to Closing, then the parties shall proceed to Closing
and Seller shall promptly repair or replace such item in all material
respects after Closing (and Buyer will provide Seller access and any other
reasonable assistance requested by Seller with respect to such obligation),
except that if such damage or destruction has a Material Adverse Effect, then
Closing shall be postponed until the date five (5) Business Days after such
Material Adverse Effect is remedied, subject to Section 10.1.   (c) If
prior to Closing the Station (analog and/or digital) is off the air or
operating at power levels that result in a material reduction in coverage (a
"Broadcast Interruption"), then Seller shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to return the Station to the air and restore prior coverage as
promptly as practicable in the ordinary course of business. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if on the day otherwise scheduled for
Closing, there is a Broadcast Interruption of the Station, then Closing shall
be postponed until the date five (5) Business Days after the Station returns
to the air and prior coverage is restored in all material respects, subject
to Section 10.1. If the damage, destruction or loss prevents the transmission
of the Station\'s broadcast signals, or materially impairs the Station\'s
signal coverage area, for a period of more than forty (40) consecutive days,
then Buyer may terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1 upon written
notice to Seller.   5.5. CONSENTS.   (a) The parties shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain (i) any third party consents
necessary for the assignment of any Station Contract (which shall not require
any payment to any such third party), and (ii) execution of reasonable
estoppel certificates by lessors under any Real Property Leases requiring
consent to assignment, but no such consents or estoppel certificates are
conditions to Closing except for the Required Consents. Receipt of the
following consents to assignment, without conditions other than the execution
of an assumption agreement (collectively, the "Required Consents") is a
condition precedent to Buyer\'s obligation to close under this Agreement: (i)
the Station\'s WB affiliation agreement, but only to the extent that Closing
occurs prior to the commencement of The CW Network programming, (ii) the CW
term sheet (including an acknowledgment by the CW Network of such term
sheet), but such condition shall be deemed satisfied by either the acceptance
of an assumption agreement from Buyer by The CW Network or the delivery to
Buyer or Seller of a reasonable form of assumption agreement by The CW
Network (and, in the case of such a delivery, if the form provides for
signature by The CW Network, such assumption agreement shall have been
executed by The CW Network), (iii) other programming agreements designated
with a P. on SCHEDULE 1.1(d), and (iv) the Station\'s main tower lease
designated by a diamond on SCHEDULE 1.1(c).   (b) To the extent that any
Station Contract may not be assigned without the consent of any third party,
and such consent is not obtained prior to Closing, this Agreement and any
assignment executed pursuant to this Agreement shall not constitute an
assignment of such Station Contract; provided, however, with respect to each
such Station Contract, Seller and   -19-   Buyer shall cooperate to the
extent feasible in effecting a lawful and commercially reasonable arrangement
under which Buyer shall receive the benefits under the Station Contract from
and after Closing, and to the extent of the benefits received, Buyer shall
pay and perform Seller\'s obligations arising under the Station Contract from
and after Closing in accordance with its terms.   5.6. EMPLOYEES.   (a)
Seller has provided Buyer a list showing employees\' names, employee
positions and annualized pay rates for employees of the Station. Except for
the employees designated on SCHEDULE 5.6, Buyer shall offer employment to all
Persons on such list to the extent they are employed by Seller immediately
prior to Closing and to any employee hired after the date hereof in the
ordinary course of business to replace any employee on such list with
Buyer\'s consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Each such offer
shall be at a salary and at a position substantially similar as in effect
immediately preceding the Closing, and on other terms and
conditions comparable to those provided by Buyer to employees of WESH. Such
offers of employment shall be for employment commencing as of the Closing
Date, with the exception of those identified on SCHEDULE 5.6 as employees to
be hired by Buyer on the Transition Date (the "Master Control Employees"),
whose employment offer will be to commence on the Transition Date. Each
employee who accepts such offer is referred to as a "Transferred Employee",
and, collectively, the "Transferred Employees." Unless Buyer enters into a
separate employment agreement with a Transferred Employee, each Transferred
Employee shall be an "at will" employee of Buyer, and no provision contained
in this Section 5.6 shall be construed as an agreement for, or guarantee of,
continued employment. All Transferred Employees shall be subject to the
policies established from time to time by Buyer with respect to employment
and employee benefits, and Buyer shall not be under any obligation to assume,
continue, or adopt any liabilities or obligations with respect to any
Employee Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 2.11 hereof).   (b) With
respect to Transferred Employees, Seller shall be responsible for all
compensation and benefits arising prior to the Effective Time or Transition
Date, as applicable, and Buyer shall be responsible for all compensation and
benefits arising after the Effective Time or Transition Date, as applicable.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, effective at the Effective
Time or Transition Date, as applicable, Buyer shall provide severance
arrangements which are the same as the severance arrangements of Seller on
the date hereof (a copy of which has been provided to Buyer) for any
Transferred Employee who terminates employment with Seller during the twelve
(12) month period immediately following the Effective Time or Transition
Date, as applicable, provided, however, that Buyer shall have no liability
for any obligation, including but not limited to, severance or vacation and
sick leave with respect to any employees who are not
Transferred Employees.   (c) As of the Effective Time or Transition Date,
as applicable, Buyer shall cause all such Transferred Employees to be
eligible to participate in Buyer\'s employment, bonus, incentive
compensation, deferred compensation, pension, profit sharing, retirement,
equity-based, leave of absence, vacation, severance, insurance, worker\'s
compensation, disability, supplemental unemployment, and other benefit plan,
arrangement, agreement, practice or policy (including, without limitation,
"employee welfare benefit plans" and "employee pension benefit plans" as
defined in Sections 3(1) and 3(2) of ERISA) (collectively, the "Buyer Benefit
Plans")   -20-   that, in the aggregate, are equivalent to those benefit
plans offered to similarly situated employees of television station WESH.
Buyer shall give Transferred Employees credit under the Buyer Benefit Plans
for any deductibles or co-payments paid for the current year under any plan
maintained by Seller. In addition, Seller shall retain responsibility for all
hospital, medical, life insurance, disability and other welfare plan expenses
and benefits, and for all workers\' compensation, unemployment compensation
and other government mandated benefits (collectively referred to herein as
"Welfare Type Plan"), in respect of claims that are covered by any Welfare
Type Plans maintained by Seller and that are incurred by Transferred
Employees and their dependents prior to the Effective Time or Transition
Date, as applicable.   (d) As of the Effective Time or Transition Date,
as applicable, Buyer shall cause each applicable Buyer Benefit Plan, other
than plans providing vacation or severance benefits, to recognize service of
the Transferred Employees with Seller for purposes of eligibility and
vesting only. As of the Effective Time or Transition Date, as applicable,
Buyer shall cause each applicable Buyer Benefit Plan that provides vacation
or severance benefits to recognize service of the Transferred Employees with
Seller also for purposes of determining the amount of benefits.   (e) With
respect to any Employee Benefit Plan that includes a cash or deferred
arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Code ("Seller\'s 401(k) Plan"),
Seller shall (i) fully vest as of the Closing Date all accounts of all
participants in the 401(k) Plan who are Transferred Employees, (ii) allow
Transferred Employees to elect to receive a complete distribution of all of
their accounts under Seller\'s 401(k) Plan promptly following the Closing
Date, and (iii) subject to acceptance by Buyer\'s 401(k) plan, allow
Transferred Employees to rollover outstanding participant loans under
Seller\'s 401(k) Plan and not treat any such loans rolled-over within 90 days
after the date the Closing Date (or, within 90 days after the
Transition Date, as may be applicable) as in default, except as otherwise
required by law.   (f) Seller shall be responsible for any obligations
or liabilities to Transferred Employees under the Workers Adjustment
and Retraining Notification Act and any similar state or local "plant
closing" law as a result of actions taken by Seller prior to the Effective
Time.   (g) Seller will fully provide or pay for all liabilities or
obligations to the employees under all Employee Benefit Plans. Seller shall
retain all liability and responsibility for "COBRA" healthcare continuation
coverage required to be offered and provided under Section 4980B of the Code
and Sections 601-608 of ERISA to employees and former employees of Seller and
any other COBRA qualified beneficiaries under Seller\'s health plan(s) who
have elected or are eligible to elect COBRA continuation coverage as of or
prior to the Closing Date or who incur a COBRA qualifying event in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   5.7. ACCOUNTING
SERVICES.   (a) For a period of one hundred twenty (120) days after Closing
(the "Collection Period"), Buyer shall, without charge to Seller,
use commercially reasonable efforts to collect the A/R in the ordinary course
of business and shall apply all amounts collected from the Station\'s
account debtors to the oldest account first, unless the advertiser disputes
in good faith in writing an older account and designates the payment to a
newer account. Any amounts   -21-   relating to the A/R that are paid
directly to Seller shall be retained by Seller. Buyer shall not discount,
adjust or otherwise compromise any A/R and Buyer shall refer any disputed A/R
to Seller. Within ten calendar days after the end of each month, Buyer shall
deliver to Seller a report showing A/R collections for the prior month and
Buyer shall make a payment, without offset, to Seller equal to the amount of
all such collections. At the end of the Collection Period, any remaining A/R
shall be returned to Seller for collection.   (b) During the first fifteen
(15) Business Days after Closing, Buyer shall provide to Seller at no
additional cost the services of the Station\'s business offices, together
with reasonable access to related systems and records, for the purposes of
closing the books of the Station for the period prior to Closing and of
facilitating the distribution of any stock compensation from Seller to the
Station\'s employees, all in accordance with the procedures and practices
applied by the business offices for periods prior to Closing.   5.8. 1031
EXCHANGE. To facilitate a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Code,
Seller may assign its rights under this Agreement (in whole or in part) to a
"qualified intermediary" under section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4) of the treasury
regulations (but such assignment shall not relieve Seller of its obligations
under this Agreement) and any such qualified intermediary may re-assign to
Seller; provided that no such assignment shall prevent or delay Closing. If
Seller gives notice of such assignment, Buyer shall provide Seller with a
written acknowledgment of such notice prior to Closing and pay the Purchase
Price (or such portion thereof as is designated in writing by the qualified
intermediary) to or on behalf of the qualified intermediary at Closing and
otherwise reasonably cooperate therewith. Buyer\'s obligation to cooperate
with Seller is specifically conditioned upon each of the following: (i) all
of Buyer\'s rights and all of Seller\'s obligations to Buyer respecting all
other provisions of this Agreement shall not be adversely affected by any
such exchange, whether or not such exchange is consummated by Buyer; and (ii)
Buyer shall not in any way be liable to Seller or any other party whatsoever
for any failure of Seller\'s proposed transaction to qualify as a tax-free
exchange of like-kind property under the Code.   5.9. FINAL ORDER.   (a)
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Final Order" means action by the
FCC (including action duly taken by the FCC\'s staff, pursuant to delegated
authority), which shall not have been reversed, stayed, enjoined, set aside,
annulled, or suspended and with respect to which no timely request for stay,
petition for rehearing, appeal, or certiorari or sua sponte action of the FCC
with comparable effect shall be pending and as to which the time for filing
any such request, petition, appeal, certiorari, or for the taking of any such
sua sponte action by the FCC shall have expired.   (b) If the Closing occurs
prior to a Final Order, and prior to becoming a Final Order the FCC Consent
is reversed or otherwise set aside, and there is an order of the FCC (or an
order of a court of competent jurisdiction) requiring the re-assignment of
the FCC Licenses to Seller, then, upon the earlier of (i) such re-assignment
order becoming a Final Order (or a final order of a court of competent
jurisdiction) or (ii) notice by Buyer to Seller of a request to rescind the
purchase and sale of the Station Assets (the "Rescission Trigger"), the
purchase and sale of the Station Assets shall be rescinded. In such event,
Buyer shall reconvey to Seller the Station Assets, other than those non-
license assets that have been disposed of after Closing in the  
-22-   ordinary course of business (the "Reconveyed Station Assets") and
Seller shall repay to Buyer the full Purchase Price and reassume those
contracts and leases and obligations assigned and assumed at Closing that
continue to exist.   (c) Any such rescission shall be consummated on
a mutually agreeable date within thirty days of the Rescission Trigger (or,
if earlier, within the time required by a lawful order). In connection
therewith, Buyer and Seller shall each execute such documents (including
execution by Buyer of instruments of conveyance of the Reconveyed Station
Assets to Seller and execution by Seller of instruments of assumption of
those contracts and leases and obligations assigned and assumed at Closing
that continue to exist) and make such payments (including repayment by Seller
to Buyer of the full Purchase Price) as are necessary to give effect to such
rescission. All earnings and profits relating to Buyer\'s use of the
Reconveyed Station Assets between the Closing and the effective time of such
rescission shall belong to Buyer.   5.10. INTERIM ACTIONS. The parties
shall use commercially reasonable efforts, and proceed diligently and in good
faith, to take or cause to be taken all actions, and do or cause to be done
all things necessary and proper or advisable, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and transition the Station\'s operations,
including, without limitation, obtaining all necessary waivers, consents
(including, without limitation, Governmental Consents and third party
consents to the assignment to Buyer of the Station Contracts pursuant to
Section 5.5, and, in the case of Buyer, executing an assumption agreement as
reasonably requested by The CW Network with respect to the term sheet listed
on SCHEDULE 1.1(d)) and approvals.  ARTICLE 6: SELLER CLOSING
CONDITIONS   The obligation of Seller to consummate the Closing hereunder
is subject to satisfaction, at or prior to Closing, of each of the
following conditions (unless waived in writing by Seller):   6.1.
REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS.   (a) The representations and warranties of
Buyer made in this Agreement, shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though made
as of the Closing Date, except for changes expressly permitted by the terms
of this Agreement.   (b) The covenants and agreements to be complied
with and performed by Buyer at or prior to Closing shall have been complied
with or performed in all material respects.   (c) Seller shall have
received a certificate dated as of the Closing Date from Buyer executed by an
authorized officer of Buyer to the effect that the conditions set forth in
Sections 6.1(a) and (b) have been satisfied.   6.2. PROCEEDINGS. Neither
Seller nor Buyer shall be subject to any court or governmental order or
injunction restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   6.3. FCC AUTHORIZATION. The FCC Consent shall have
been obtained.   6.4. HART SCOTT RODINO. The HSR Clearance shall have
been obtained.   -23-    6.5. DELIVERIES. Buyer shall have complied with
its obligations set forth in Section 8.2.  ARTICLE 7: BUYER CLOSING
CONDITIONS   The obligation of Buyer to consummate the Closing hereunder
is subject to satisfaction, at or prior to Closing, of each of the
following conditions (unless waived in writing by Buyer):   7.1.
REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS.   (a) The representations and warranties of
Seller made in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though made
as of the Closing Date, except for changes expressly permitted by the terms
of this Agreement.   (b) The covenants and agreements to be complied
with and performed by Seller at or prior to Closing shall have been complied
with or performed in all material respects.   (c) Buyer shall have received
a certificate dated as of the Closing Date from Seller executed by an
authorized officer of Seller to the effect that the conditions set forth in
Sections 7.1(a) and (b) have been satisfied.   7.2. PROCEEDINGS. Neither
Seller nor Buyer shall be subject to any court or governmental order or
injunction restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   7.3. FCC AUTHORIZATION. The FCC Consent shall have
been obtained and shall be in full force and effect without any condition
materially adverse to the Station or Buyer.   7.4. HART SCOTT RODINO. The
HSR Clearance shall have been obtained.   7.5. DELIVERIES. Seller shall
have complied with its obligations set forth in Section 8.1.   7.6.
CONSENTS. The Required Consents shall have been obtained.  ARTICLE 8:
CLOSING DELIVERIES   8.1. SELLER DOCUMENTS. At Closing, Seller shall deliver
or cause to be delivered to Buyer:   (i) good standing certificates issued
by the Secretary of State of Seller\'s jurisdiction of formation;   (ii)
certified copies of: certificates of formation and constituent agreements of
Seller; resolutions authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby; and incumbency and specimen signatures of officers of Seller
executing the transaction documents certified by the secretary of Seller;  
-24-    (iii) the certificate described in Section 7.1(c);   (iv) an
assignment of FCC authorizations assigning the FCC Licenses from Seller to
Buyer in the form attached as EXHIBIT A hereto;   (v) an assignment and
assumption of contracts assigning the Station Contracts from Seller to Buyer
in the form attached as EXHIBIT A hereto;   (vi) an assignment and
assumption of leases assigning the Real Property Leases from Seller to Buyer
in the form attached as EXHIBIT A hereto;   (vii) domain name transfers
assigning the Station\'s domain names listed on SCHEDULE 1.1(e) from Seller
to Buyer following customary procedures of the domain name administrator;  
(viii) endorsed vehicle titles conveying the vehicles included in the
Tangible Personal Property from Seller to Buyer;   (ix) a bill of sale
conveying the other Station Assets from Seller to Buyer in the form attached
as EXHIBIT A hereto;   (x) customary paydown and lien release letter;
and   (xi) any other instruments of conveyance, assignment and transfer
that may be reasonably necessary to convey, transfer and assign the Station
Assets from Seller to Buyer, free and clear of Liens, except for Permitted
Liens.   8.2. BUYER DOCUMENTS. At Closing, Buyer shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to Seller:   (i) the Purchase Price in accordance with
Section 1.5 hereof;   (ii) good standing certificates issued by the
Secretary of State of Buyer\'s jurisdiction of formation;   (iii) certified
copies of: certificates of formation and constituent agreements of Buyer;
resolutions authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby; and incumbency and specimen signatures of officers of Buyer executing
the transaction documents certified by the secretary of Buyer;   (iv) the
certificate described in Section 6.1(c);   (v) an assignment and assumption
of contracts assuming the Station Contracts in the form attached as EXHIBIT A
hereto;   (vi) an assignment and assumption of leases assuming the Real
Property Leases in the form attached as EXHIBIT A hereto;   -25-    (vii)
domain name transfers assuming the Station\'s domain names listed on SCHEDULE
1.1(e) following customary procedures of the domain name administrator;
and   (viii) such other documents and instruments of assumption that may be
necessary to assume the Assumed Obligations.  ARTICLE 9: SURVIVAL;
INDEMNIFICATION   9.1. SURVIVAL. The representations and warranties and
the covenants and agreements to be performed before the Closing in this
Agreement shall survive Closing for a period of eighteen (18) months from the
Closing Date whereupon they shall expire and be of no further force or
effect, except that if within such period the indemnified party gives the
indemnifying party written notice of a claim for breach thereof describing in
reasonable detail the nature and basis of such claim, then such claim shall
survive until the resolution of such claim. The covenants and agreements in
this Agreement to be performed at or after the Closing shall survive Closing
until performed.   9.2. INDEMNIFICATION.   (a) Subject to Section 9.2(b),
from and after Closing, Seller shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless
Buyer and its affiliates from and against any and all losses, costs, damages,
liabilities and expenses, including reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses
("Damages") incurred by Buyer arising out of or resulting from:   (i) any
breach by Seller of its representations and warranties made under this
Agreement or the certificate of Seller delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(c);
or   (ii) any breach by Seller of any covenant or agreement made under this
Agreement; or   (iii) the Retained Obligations; or   (iv) the business or
operation of the Station before the Effective Time.   (b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary, after Closing, (i)
Seller shall have no liability to Buyer under clause (i) of Section 9.2(a)
until, and only to the extent that, Buyer\'s aggregate Damages exceed
$1,000,000 and (ii) the maximum liability of Seller under clause (i) of
Section 9.2(a) shall be an amount equal to $43,500,000.   (c) From and
after Closing, Buyer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seller and its
affiliates from and against any and all Damages incurred by Seller arising
out of or resulting from:   (i) any breach by Buyer of its
representations and warranties made under this Agreement or the certificate
to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(c); or   (ii) any breach by Buyer
of any covenant or agreement made under this Agreement; or   -26-   
(iii) the Assumed Obligations; or   (iv) the business or operation of the
Station after the Effective Time.   9.3. PROCEDURES.   (a) The
indemnified party shall give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party
of any demand, suit, claim or assertion of liability by third parties that is
subject to indemnification hereunder (a "Claim"), but a failure to give such
notice or delaying such notice shall not affect the indemnified party\'s
rights or the indemnifying party\'s obligations except to the extent the
indemnifying party\'s ability to remedy, contest, defend or settle with
respect to such Claim is thereby prejudiced and provided that such notice is
given within the time period described in Section 9.1.   (b) The
indemnifying party shall have the right to undertake the defense or
opposition to such Claim with counsel selected by it. In the event that the
indemnifying party does not undertake such defense or opposition in a timely
manner, the indemnified party may undertake the defense, opposition,
compromise or settlement of such Claim with counsel selected by it at the
indemnifying party\'s cost (subject to the right of the indemnifying party to
assume defense of or opposition to such Claim at any time prior to
settlement, compromise or final determination thereof).   (c) Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding:   (i) the indemnified party shall
have the right, at its own cost and expense, to participate in the defense,
opposition, compromise or settlement of the Claim;   (ii) the indemnifying
party shall not, without the indemnified party\'s written consent, settle or
compromise any Claim or consent to entry of any judgment which does not
include the giving by the claimant to the indemnified party of a release from
all liability in respect of such Claim; and   (iii) in the event that the
indemnifying party undertakes defense of or opposition to any Claim, the
indemnified party, by counsel or other representative of its own choosing and
at its sole cost and expense, shall have the right to consult with the
indemnifying party and its counsel concerning such Claim and the indemnifying
party and the indemnified party and their respective counsel shall cooperate
in good faith with respect to such Claim.  ARTICLE 10: TERMINATION AND
REMEDIES   10.1. TERMINATION. Subject to Section 10.3, this Agreement may
be terminated prior to Closing as follows:   (a) by mutual written consent
of Buyer and Seller;   (b) by written notice of Buyer to Seller if
Seller breaches its representations or warranties or breaches or defaults in
the performance of its covenants contained in this Agreement and such breach
or default is material in the context of the transactions contemplated hereby
and is not cured within the Cure Period (defined below);   -27-    (c)
by written notice of Seller to Buyer if Buyer breaches its representations or
warranties or breaches or defaults in the performance of its covenants
contained in this Agreement and such breach or default is material in the
context of the transactions contemplated hereby and is not cured within the
Cure Period; provided, however, that the Cure Period shall not apply to
Buyer\'s obligation to pay the Purchase Price at Closing, subject to
satisfaction of the conditions to such obligation;   (d) by written notice
of Seller to Buyer or Buyer to Seller if Closing does not occur by the date
twelve (12) months after the date of this Agreement, provided that if the
failure of the Closing to occur by such date is due to the fault of the party
seeking to terminate, then that party shall not have such termination right;
or   (e) by Buyer pursuant to Section 5.4(c).   10.2. CURE PERIOD. Each
party shall give the other party prompt written notice upon learning of any
breach or default by the other party under this Agreement. The term "Cure
Period" as used herein means a period commencing on the date Buyer or Seller
receives from the other written notice of breach or default hereunder and
continuing until the earlier of (i) twenty (20) calendar days thereafter or
(ii) five (5) Business Days after the scheduled Closing date; provided,
however, that if the breach or default is non-monetary and cannot reasonably
be cured within such period but can be cured before the date five (5)
Business Days after the scheduled Closing date, and if diligent efforts to
cure promptly commence, then the Cure Period shall continue as long as such
diligent efforts to cure continue, but not beyond the date five (5) Business
Days after the scheduled Closing date.   10.3. SURVIVAL. Neither party may
terminate under Sections 10.1(b) or (c) if it is then in material default
under this Agreement. The termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any
party of any liability for breach or default under this Agreement prior to
the date of termination. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, Sections 5.1 (Confidentiality) and 11.1 (Expenses) shall survive
any termination of this Agreement.   10.4. SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. In the
event of failure or threatened failure by either party to comply with the
terms of this Agreement, the other party shall be entitled to an injunction
restraining such failure or threatened failure and, subject to obtaining any
necessary FCC consent, to enforcement of this Agreement by a decree of
specific performance requiring compliance with this Agreement.  ARTICLE 11:
MISCELLANEOUS   11.1. EXPENSES. Each party shall be solely responsible for
all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with the
negotiation, preparation and performance of and compliance with the terms of
this Agreement. All governmental fees and charges applicable to any requests
for Governmental Consents shall be paid one-half by Buyer and one-half by
Seller. All governmental taxes, fees and charges applicable to the transfer
of the Station Assets under this Agreement shall be paid one-half by Buyer
and one-half by Seller. Each party is responsible for any commission,
brokerage fee, advisory fee or other similar payment that arises as a result
of any agreement or action of it or any party acting on its behalf in
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.  
-28-    11.2. FURTHER ASSURANCES; FURTHER INFORMATION; RECORD
RETENTION; POST-CLOSING ASSISTANCE.   (a) The terms of SCHEDULE 11.2 are
hereby incorporated into this Agreement. After Closing, each party shall from
time to time, at the request of and without further cost or expense to the
other, execute and deliver such other instruments of conveyance and
assumption and take such other actions as may reasonably be requested in
order to more effectively consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.   (b) Following the Closing, each party will afford to the other
party, its counsel and its accountants, during normal business hours,
reasonable access to the books, records and other data of the Seller
or relating to the Station\'s business, the Station Assets, the Excluded
Assets, the Assumed Obligations or the Seller pertaining to the Station in
its possession with respect to periods prior to the Closing and the right to
make copies and extracts therefrom, to the extent that such access may
be reasonably required by the requesting party (i) to facilitate
the investigation, litigation and final disposition of any claims which may
have been or may be made against any party or its affiliates and (ii) for any
other reasonable business purpose.   (c) Each party agrees that for a
period of not less than seven (7) years following the Closing Date, it shall
not destroy or otherwise dispose of any of the books and records relating to
the Station\'s business, the Station Assets, the Assumed Obligations, the
Excluded Assets or the Seller pertaining to the Station in its possession
with respect to periods prior to the Closing. Each party shall have the right
to destroy all or part of such books and records after the seventh
anniversary of the Closing Date or, at an earlier time by giving each other
party hereto thirty (30) days prior written notice of such intended
disposition and by offering to deliver to the other parties, at the other
party\'s expense, custody of such books and records as such party may intend
to destroy.   (d) Seller, on the one hand, and Buyer, on the other hand,
will provide each other with such assistance as may reasonably be requested
in connection with the preparation of any tax return, any audit or other
examination by any taxing authority, or any judicial or
administrative proceedings relating to liability for taxes, and each will
retain and provide the requesting party with any records or information that
may be reasonably relevant to such return, audit or examination, proceedings
or determination. The party requesting assistance shall reimburse the other
party for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (other than salaries or wages of
any employees of the parties) incurred in providing such assistance. Any
information obtained pursuant to this Section or providing for the sharing of
information or the review of any tax return or other schedule relating to
taxes shall be kept confidential by the parties hereto.   11.3. ASSIGNMENT.
Except as provided by Section 5.8 (1031 Exchange), neither party may assign
this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party hereto
and any purported assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be null and
void ab initio, provided however, that Buyer may assign its rights and
obligations hereunder in whole or in part to any affiliate of Buyer upon
written notice to, but without the consent of, Seller, provided that (i) any
such assignment does not delay processing of the FCC Application, grant of
the FCC Consent or Closing, (ii) any such assignee delivers to Seller a
written assumption of this Agreement, and (iii) Buyer shall remain liable for
all of its obligations hereunder. The terms of this Agreement  
-29-   shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties\' respective
successors and any permitted assigns, and no assignment shall relieve any
party of any obligation or liability under this Agreement.   11.4. NOTICES.
Any notice pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
delivered on the date of personal delivery or confirmed facsimile
transmission or confirmed delivery by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, and shall be addressed as follows (or to such other address
as any party may request by written notice):  if to Seller: c/o Emmis
Communications Corporation  One Emmis Plaza  40 Monument Circle, Suite 700 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204  Attention: President and CEO  Facsimile: (317)
684-5583  with copies (which shall not Emmis Communications
Corporation constitute notice) to: 3500 W. Olive Avenue, Suite 1450 
Burbank, California 91505  Attention: Gary Kaseff  Facsimile: (818)
238-9158   Wiley Rein and Fielding LLP  1776 K Street, N.W.  Washington,
D.C. 20006  Attention: Doc Bodensteiner  Facsimile: (202) 719-7049  if to
Buyer: Hearst-Argyle Television, Inc.  888 Seventh Avenue, 27th Floor  New
York, New York 10106  Attention: David J. Barrett, President  and CEO 
Facsimile: (212) 887-6835  with a copy (which shall not Hearst-Argyle
Television, Inc. constitute notice) to: 888 Seventh Avenue, 27th Floor  New
York, New York 10106  Attention: Jonathan C. Mintzer, Vice  President,
General Counsel and  Secretary  Facsimile: (212) 887-6855   11.5.
AMENDMENTS. No amendment or waiver of compliance with any provision hereof or
consent pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective unless evidenced by an
instrument in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of such
amendment, waiver, or consent is sought.   11.6. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This
Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto and the Disclosure Letter)
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings   -30-   with respect to the subject matter
hereof, except the NDA, which shall remain in full force and effect (except
that after Closing Buyer shall no longer have any confidentiality obligations
with respect to information and materials pertaining to Station). No party
makes any representation or warranty with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Seller makes no
representation or warranty to Buyer with respect to any projections, budgets
or other estimates of the Station\'s revenues, expenses or results of
operations, or, except as expressly set forth in Article 2, any other
financial or other information made available to Buyer with respect to the
Station.   11.7. SEVERABILITY. If any court or governmental authority
holds any provision in this Agreement invalid, illegal or unenforceable under
any applicable law, then, so long as no party is deprived of the benefits of
this Agreement in any material respect, this Agreement shall be construed
with the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision deleted and the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained
herein shall not be affected or impaired thereby.   11.8. NO BENEFICIARIES.
Nothing in this Agreement expressed or implied is intended or shall be
construed to give any rights to any Person other than the parties hereto and
their successors and permitted assigns.   11.9. GOVERNING LAW. The
construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of the State of New York without giving effect to the choice of law
provisions thereof.   11.10. NEUTRAL CONSTRUCTION. Buyer and Seller agree
that this Agreement was negotiated at arms-length and that the final terms
hereof are the product of the parties\' negotiations. This Agreement shall be
deemed to have been jointly and equally drafted by Buyer and Seller, and the
provisions hereof should not be construed against a party on the grounds that
the party drafted or was more responsible for drafting the provision.  
11.11. COOPERATION. After Closing, each party shall cooperate as reasonably
requested by the other party in the investigation, defense or prosecution of
any action which is pending or threatened against a party or its affiliates
with respect to the Station, whether or not any party has notified the other
of a claim for indemnity with respect to such matter. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, each party shall make available its employees to
give depositions or testimony and shall furnish all documentary or other
evidence in each case as the other party may reasonably request. Each party
shall reimburse the other for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations under
this Section 11.11.   11.12. GUARANTY. Guarantor unconditionally guarantees
the payment and performance of any and all obligations and liabilities of
Seller under this Agreement and the other agreements and documents executed
and delivered in connection herewith and any permitted assignees of Seller\'s
rights or obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the
obligations and liabilities under Section 9.2. Guarantor acknowledges that it
has agreed to this unconditional guarantee as an inducement to Buyer to enter
into this Agreement.   -31-    11.13. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may
be executed in separate counterparts, each of which will be deemed an
original and all of which together will constitute one and the same
agreement.    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]      -32-    SIGNATURE PAGE
TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the date first set forth above.   BUYER: HEARST-
ARGYLE TELEVISION, INC.    By: 
--------------------------------------------  Name:  Title:   SELLER:
EMMIS TELEVISION BROADCASTING, L.P.  By: Emmis Operating Company, its general
partner    By:  --------------------------------------------  Name: 
Title:   EMMIS TELEVISION LICENSE, LLC    By: 
--------------------------------------------  Name:  Title:   GUARANTOR:
EMMIS OPERATING COMPANY    By: 
--------------------------------------------  Name:  Title:       '

