 EXHIBIT 2.1    EXHIBIT 2.1   AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER    THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER made as of the 19th day of
June, 2001, among NBT BANCORP INC. ("NBT"), a Delaware corporation having
its principal office at 52 South Broad Street, Norwich, New York 13815, NBT
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("NBT Bank"), a national banking association
organized under the laws of the United States, CNB FINANCIAL CORP. ("CNB"), a
New York corporation having its principal office at 24 Church Street,
Canajoharie, New York 13317, and CENTRAL NATIONAL BANK, CANAJOHARIE ("CNB
Bank"), a national banking association organized under the laws of the United
States   W I T N E S S E T H T H A T :   WHEREAS, CNB is a bank holding
company and the sole stockholder of CNB Bank;   WHEREAS, NBT is a bank
holding company and the sole stockholder of NBT Bank;   WHEREAS, NBT
desires to affiliate with CNB through the merger of CNB with and into NBT,
with NBT to be the surviving corporation (the "Holding Company Merger"), and,
in addition, to cause the simultaneous merger of CNB Bank with and into NBT
Bank, with NBT Bank to be the surviving national banking association (the
"Bank Merger");   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of CNB has determined that
it would be in the best interests of CNB, its stockholders, CNB\'s and CNB
Bank\'s customers, creditors, and employees, and CNB\'s and CNB Bank\'s
ability to provide as a going concern their respective products and services,
employment opportunities, and employees benefits, and to contribute to the
communities in which they do business, for CNB and CNB Bank to become
affiliated with NBT through the Holding Company Merger and to cause the Bank
Merger;   WHEREAS, the respective boards of directors of NBT Bank and CNB
Bank have determined that it would be in the best interests of NBT Bank or
CNB Bank, as the case may be, its stockholders and customers, for NBT Bank
and CNB Bank to merge with each other;   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of
Directors of NBT and CNB have agreed to cause the Holding Company Merger
pursuant to the provisions of section 251 et seq. of the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the "GCL") and section 901 et seq. of the New York Business
Corporation Law (the "BCL"), and to cause the Bank Merger pursuant to the
provisions of section 215a of the National Bank Act (12 U.S.C.ss. 215a);  
WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of NBT Bank and CNB Bank have
agreed to cause the Bank Merger pursuant to the provisions of section 215a of
the National Bank Act;   WHEREAS, the parties intend that the Holding
Company Merger and the Bank Merger qualify as one or more tax-free
reorganizations under section 368(a) of the Code;        WHEREAS, for
financial accounting purposes, it is intended that the Holding Company Merger
and the Bank Merger shall be accounted for under the "pooling-of-interests"
accounting method; and   WHEREAS, the parties desire to make certain
representations, warranties, and agreements in connection with the Holding
Company Merger and the Bank Merger and also to prescribe certain conditions
to the Holding Company Merger and the Bank Merger;   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of these premises and the mutual agreements hereinafter set
forth, intending to be legally bound, the parties agree as follows:  1.
DEFINITIONS.  -----------   For convenience, certain terms used in more
than one part of this Agreement are listed in alphabetical order and defined
or referred to below.   "Affiliates Agreement" means a written agreement
substantially in form and substance as that set forth as Exhibit I attached
hereto.   "Alternative Proposal" means an inquiry or proposal to acquire
more than 1 percent of the CNB Common Stock or any capital stock of CNB Bank
or any significant portion of the assets of either of them (whether by tender
offer, merger, purchase of assets, or other transactions of any type).  
"AST" means American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, New York,
New York.   "Average Closing Price" means the average of the last reported
sale price or, if no such reported sale takes place, the mean of the closing
bid and asked prices of NBT Common Stock in the over-the-counter market as
such prices are reported by the automated quotation system of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., or in the absence thereof by such
other source upon which NBT and CNB shall agree, as of the 4:00 p.m. (New
York time) "benchmark" close of trading for each of the fifteen trading days
ending on the second trading day before the Effective Time.   "Bank Merger"
is defined in the recitals hereto.   "Bank Merger Agreement" means a merger
agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit II attached hereto.   "BCL"
is defined in the recitals hereto.   "BHC Act" means the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended.   "BIF" means the Bank Insurance Fund of
the FDIC.   -2-     "Board of Governors" means the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System or, if applicable, the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York acting pursuant to authority delegated to it by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System.   "CERCLA" means the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as
amended.   "Closing" means the closing of the Holding Company Merger and the
Bank Merger.   "CNB" is defined in the preamble hereto.   "CNB Bank" is
defined in the preamble hereto.   "CNB Bank Common Stock" means the common
stock of CNB Bank, $5.00 par value.   "CNB Common Stock" means the shares
of common stock, $1.25 par value, of CNB.   "CNB Financial Statements"
means the consolidated statements of condition of CNB as of each of December
31, 1998, December 31, 1999, December 31, 2000, and March 31, 2001, and the
related consolidated statement of income, consolidated statement of cash
flows, and, in the case of year-end financial statements, consolidated
statement of changes in stockholders\' equity of CNB for each of the periods
ended December 31, 1998, December 31, 1999, December 31, 2000, and March 31,
2001, and the notes thereto, each as filed with the SEC.   "CNB Plans" means
all pension, retirement, stock purchase, stock bonus, stock ownership, stock
option, performance share, stock appreciation right, phantom stock, savings,
or profit-sharing plans, all employment, deferred compensation, consultant,
bonus, or collective bargaining agreements, all group insurance contracts,
and all other incentive, welfare, life insurance, death or survivor\'s
benefit, health insurance, sickness, disability, medical, surgical, hospital,
severance, layoff, or vacation plans, contracts, and arrangements or employee
benefit plans or agreements, whether or not subject to ERISA, under which any
current or former employee of CNB or CNB Bank has any present right to future
benefits or payments or under which CNB or CNB Bank has any present or future
liability.   "CNB Real Estate" means any real property at any time owned or
leased by CNB or CNB Bank.   "CNB Stockholder Meeting" means the meeting at
which the stockholders of CNB meet to approve, ratify, and confirm the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   "CNB Subsidiary" means a
Person that is deemed to be a "subsidiary" of CNB under section 2(d) of the
BHC Act.   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
"Collateral Real Estate" means any real property at any time held
as collateral for any outstanding loan by CNB or CNB Bank.   -3-    
"Confidentiality Agreements" means the confidentiality agreements dated June
6, 2001 between CNB and NBT.   "Converted Option" means a stock option to
purchase CNB Common Stock not exercised prior to the Effective Time.  
"Derivatives" means "derivatives" and "embedded derivatives" within
the meaning of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 as issued
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board.   "Effective Time" means the
date and time to be specified in the Certificate of Merger to be filed on the
date of the Closing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
pursuant to the GCL and in the Certificate of Merger to be filed on the date
of the Closing with the Secretary of State of the State of New York pursuant
to the BCL.   "Environmental Laws" means CERCLA, the federal Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, the federal Water Pollution Control Act, the
federal Clean Air Act, the federal Toxic Substances Control Act, and any
state or local statute, regulation, ordinance, order, or decree relating to
health, safety, or the environment.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "Exchange Act" means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   "Exchange Agent" means the
Person designated in section 2.7(a) hereof.   "Exchange Ratio" is defined in
section 2.3(a) hereof.   "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation.   "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles
applicable to financial institutions.   "GCL" is defined in the recitals
hereto.   "Hazardous Substance" means any hazardous waste identified or
listed under 42 U.S.C.ss. 6921, any hazardous substance, as defined by 42
U.S.C.ss. 9601(14), any "pollutant or contaminant," as defined by 42
U.S.C.ss. 9601(33), or any toxic substance, hazardous material, oil, or other
chemical or substance regulated by any Environmental Law.   "Holding
Company Merger" is defined in the recitals hereto.   "Holding Company Merger
Surviving Corporation" is defined in section 2.2(a) hereof.   "IRS" means
the Internal Revenue Service.   "Joint Proxy Statement" means the joint
proxy statement to be included in the Registration Statement and to be
distributed to stockholders of NBT and CNB in connection with their
consideration of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
-4-      "Knowledge" with reference to NBT or NBT Bank means actual
knowledge possessed by Daryl R. Forsythe, Martin A. Dietrich, Michael J.
Chewens, Lance Mattingly and Jane E. Neal, and with reference to CNB or CNB
Bank means actual knowledge possessed by Donald L. Brass, Peter J. Corso,
Thomas Giglio, Albert A. Petitti and William J. Querbes.   "KPMG" means
KPMG LLP.   "Material Adverse Effect" with reference to a Person means a
material adverse effect on the business, annual results of operations, or
financial condition of such Person and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or a
material adverse effect on such Person\'s ability to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis; provided, that, in
determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred, there shall be
excluded any effect on the referenced Person the cause of which is (i) any
change in banking laws, rules or regulations of general applicability or
interpretations thereof by courts or governmental authorities, (ii) any
change in GAAP or to regulatory accounting requirements applicable to banks
or their holding companies generally, (iii) any action or omission of CNB or
CNB Bank taken with the prior written consent of NBT or NBT Bank, or of NBT
or NBT Bank taken with the prior written consent of CNB or CNB Bank, or (iv)
any changes in general economic conditions affecting banks or their holding
companies.   "MBandD;" means McConnell, Budd and Downes, Inc.   "NBT Bank" is
defined in the preamble hereto.   "NBT" is defined in the preamble
hereto.   "NBT Common Stock" means the common stock of NBT, $0.01 par value
per share.   "NBT Financial Statements" means the consolidated statement
of condition of NBT as of each of December 31, 1998, December 31, 1999,
December 31, 2000, and March 31, 2001, and the related consolidated statement
of income, and consolidated statement of cash flows, and, in the case of
year-end financial statements, consolidated statement of changes in
stockholders\' equity of NBT for each of the periods ended, December 31,
1998, December 31, 1999, December 31, 2000, and March 31, 2001, and the notes
thereto, each as filed with the SEC.   "NBT Plans" means all pension,
retirement, stock purchase, stock bonus, stock ownership, stock option,
performance share, stock appreciation right, phantom stock, savings, or
profit-sharing plans, all employment, deferred compensation, consultant,
bonus, or collective bargaining agreements, all group insurance contracts,
and all other incentive, welfare, life insurance, death or survivor\'s
benefit, health insurance, sickness, disability, medical, surgical, hospital,
severance, layoff, or vacation plans, contracts, and arrangements or employee
benefit plans or agreements, whether or not subject to ERISA, under which any
current or former employee of NBT or NBT Bank has any present right to future
benefits or payments or under which NBT or NBT Bank has any present or future
l   "NBT Subsidiary" means a Person that is deemed to be a "subsidiary"
of NBT under section 2(d) of the BHC Act.   -5-     "NBT Preferred
Stock" means the preferred stock of NBT, $0.01 par value per share.   "OCC"
means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.   "Old Certificate"
means a certificate which, immediately prior to the effectiveness of the
Holding Company Merger, had represented shares of CNB Common Stock.  
"PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.   "Person" means an
individual, partnership, joint venture, corporation, trust, limited liability
company, unincorporated organization, government or other entity.  
"Pooling Letters" means favorable letters from KPMG, the
independent accountants of NBT, dated the date of or shortly prior to each of
the mailing date of the proxy materials to the stockholders of CNB, and the
date of the Effective Time, in customary form and substance for letters
issued in connection with transactions similar to the Holding Company Merger,
relating to the qualification of the Holding Company Merger for pooling-of-
interests accounting treatment.   "Registration Statement" means the
registration statement to be filed by NBT with the SEC pursuant to the
Securities Act in connection with the registration of the shares of NBT
Common Stock to be used as consideration in connection with the Holding
Company Merger.   "Replacement Option" means an option to acquire NBT Common
Stock on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under the terms of
the related Converted Option and any option plan under which such Converted
Option was issued (or as near thereto as is practicable).   "Release" means
any past or present releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting,
emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, disposing or
dumping.   "Riegle Act" means the Riegle Community Development and
Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994.   "Right" means the right to purchase
securities of NBT related to each share of NBT Common Stock, issued pursuant
to the Rights Agreement.   "Rights Agreement" means the Rights Agreement,
dated as of November 15, 1994 and amended as of December 16, 1999 and April
19, 2000, by and between NBT and AST as Rights Agent.   "SAIF" means the
Savings Association Insurance Fund of the FDIC.   "SEC" means the Securities
and Exchange Commission.   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of
1933.   "Stock Option Agreement" means the stock option agreement the form
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit III.   -6-     "Tax" means any
federal, state, local, or foreign income, payroll, withholding, excise,
sales, use, personal property, use and occupancy, business and occupation,
mercantile, real estate, gross receipts, license, employment, severance,
stamp, premium, windfall profits, social security (or similar unemployment),
disability, transfer, registration, value added, alternative, or add-on
minimum, estimated, or capital stock or franchise or other tax of any kind
whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto,
wither disputed or not.   "Tax Return" means any return, declaration,
report, information return or other document (including any related or
supporting schedules, statements, or information) filed or required to be
filed in connection with the determination, assessment, or collection of any
Tax or the administration of any laws, regulations, or administrative
requirements relating to any Tax.   "Unclaimed Shares" means shares of NBT
Common Stock which holders of Old Certificates are entitled to receive under
this Agreement to the extent that the Old Certificates to which such shares
of NBT Common Stock relate have not been surrendered for exchange in
accordance with this Agreement on or before the second anniversary of the
Effective Time.   "WARN Act" means the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act of 1988.  2. COMBINATIONS.  ------------   2.1. Holding
Company Merger. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at the Effective
Time CNB will be merged with and into NBT.   2.2. Effect of Holding Company
Merger. At the Effective Time:   (a) CNB and NBT shall be merged into a
single corporation, which shall be NBT. NBT is hereby designated as the
surviving corporation in the Holding Company Merger and is hereinafter
sometimes called the "Holding Company Merger Surviving Corporation."   (b)
The separate existence of CNB shall cease, and the Holding Company Merger
shall have the effect set forth in article 9 of the BCL and subchapter IX of
the GCL.   (c) The Certificate of Incorporation of NBT as it
exists immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Holding Company Merger Surviving Corporation until
later amended pursuant to Delaware law.   (d) The By-Laws of NBT as they
exist immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the By-Laws of the
Holding Company Merger Surviving Corporation until later amended pursuant to
Delaware law.   2.3. Conversion of CNB Shares.   (a) At the Effective
Time, each share of CNB Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time (subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations set
forth herein), shall, by virtue of the Merger, automatically and without any
action on the part of the holder or holders thereof, shall become and be
converted into 1.2 shares of NBT Common Stock (the "Exchange Ratio"),
together with the related Rights.   -7-      (b) At the Effective Time,
all shares of CNB Common Stock held in the treasury of CNB or owned
beneficially by any CNB Subsidiary other than in a fiduciary representative
or custodial capacity or in connection with a debt previously contracted and
all shares of CNB Common Stock owned by NBT or owned beneficially by any NBT
Subsidiary, other than in a fiduciary, representative or custodial capacity
or in connection with a debt previously contracted, shall be canceled and no
cash, stock or other property shall be delivered in exchange therefor.  
(c) All of the shares of CNB Common Stock converted into and exchangeable for
NBT Common Stock and related Rights pursuant to this section 2.3 shall no
longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist
as of the Effective Time. Each Old Certificate shall thereafter represent the
right to receive NBT Common Stock and related Rights pursuant to this section
2.3 and cash in lieu of fractional shares of NBT Common Stock, if any,
pursuant to section 2.5.   2.4. Bank Merger. Within ten days following the
date of this Agreement, NBT Bank and CNB Bank will execute the Bank Merger
Agreement. Simultaneously with the Holding Company Merger, and subject to the
provisions of the Bank Merger Agreement, CNB Bank will be merged with and
into NBT Bank in the Bank Merger with NBT Bank as the surviving national
banking association. All shares of CNB Bank Common Stock shall be canceled.
All shares of capital stock of NBT Bank outstanding at the Effective Time
shall remain outstanding, and any shares of capital stock of NBT Bank held in
the treasury of NBT Bank shall remain in the treasury of NBT Bank.   2.5.
No Fractional Shares. NBT will not issue fractional shares of its stock. In
lieu of fractional shares of NBT Common Stock, if any, each stockholder of
CNB who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share of NBT
Common Stock shall receive an amount of cash equal to the product of
such fraction and the Average Closing Price. Such fractional share interest
shall not include the right to vote or to receive dividends or any interest
thereon.   2.6. Dividends; Interest. No stockholder of CNB entitled to
receive NBT Common Stock in the Holding Company Merger will be entitled to
receive dividends or distributions on his or her NBT Common Stock until he,
she, or it exchanges his, her, or its Old Certificates for NBT Common Stock.
The portion of any dividends or distributions declared on NBT Common Stock at
or after the Effective Time which relates to shares to be delivered pursuant
to this Agreement in exchange for Old Certificates not so exchanged at the
payment date of such dividend or distribution shall not be paid to the
holders of such Old Certificates, but shall be paid to the Exchange Agent.
Upon receipt from such a former stockholder of CNB of Old Certificates,
together with other documentation required pursuant to section 2.7 to effect
the exchange of such Old Certificates for certificates representing shares of
NBT Common Stock, the Exchange Agent shall forward to such former stockholder
of CNB, in addition to the certificates representing his, her, or its shares
of NBT Common Stock and the cash value of any fractional shares determined in
accordance with section 2.5 hereof, all dividends and distributions declared
thereon subsequent to the Effective Time (without interest).   -8-    
2.7. Designation of Exchange Agent.   (a) The parties of this Agreement
hereby designate AST as Exchange Agent to effect the exchanges contemplated
hereby.   (b) NBT will, promptly after the Effective Time, issue
and deliver to AST certificates representing shares of NBT Common Stock and
related Rights and the cash to be paid to holders of CNB Common Stock in
accordance with this Agreement.   (c) If any certificate representing
shares of NBT Common Stock and related Rights is to be issued in a name other
than that in which the corresponding Old Certificate surrendered for exchange
was issued, the Old Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed and
otherwise in proper form for transfer and the Person requesting such exchange
shall pay to AST any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
issuance of the certificate representing shares of NBT Common Stock and
related Rights in any name other than that of the registered holder of the
Old Certificate surrendered, or establish to the satisfaction of AST that
such tax has been paid or is not payable.   (d) At any time after the
second anniversary of the Effective Time, NBT may sell, for the accounts of
any or all of the holders of record of Old Certificates and with or without
notice to such holders, any or all Unclaimed Shares. Any such sale may be
made by public or private sale or sale at any broker\'s board or on any
securities exchange in such manner and at such times as NBT shall determine.
If, in the opinion of counsel for NBT, it is necessary or desirable, any
Unclaimed Shares may be registered for sale under the Securities Act and
applicable state laws. NBT shall not be obligated to make any sale of
Unclaimed Shares if it shall determine not to do so, even if notice of sale
of the Unclaimed Shares has been given. The net proceeds of any such sale of
Unclaimed Shares shall be held for holders of the unsurrendered
Old Certificates whose Unclaimed Shares have been sold, to be paid to them
upon surrender of the Old Certificates. From and after any such sale, the
sole right of the holders of the unsurrendered Old Certificates whose
Unclaimed Shares have been sold shall be the right to collect the net sale
proceeds held by NBT for their respective accounts, plus the amount of any
dividends or distributions paid prior to such sale and held pursuant to
section 2.6, and such holders shall not be entitled to receive any interest
on such net sale proceeds held by NBT or such dividends or distributions.  
(e) If any Old Certificates are not surrendered prior to the date on which
such certificates or the proceeds of the sale of the Unclaimed Shares, as the
case may be, would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any
governmental unit or agency, the unclaimed items (including any
related dividends or distributions paid and held with respect thereto
pursuant to section 2.6) shall, to the extent permitted by abandoned property
and any other applicable law, become the property of NBT (and to the extent
not in its possession shall be paid over to it), free and clear of all claims
or interest of any person previously entitled to such claims. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, neither NBT nor its agents or any other Person shall be liable
to any former holder of CNB Common Stock for any property delivered to a
public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat, or
similar laws.   2.8. Notice of Exchange. Promptly after the Effective Time,
NBT shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause AST to mail, to each
holder of one or more Old Certificates, a notice in a form agreed to by NBT
and CNB specifying the Effective Time and notifying such holder to surrender
his, her, or its certificate or certificates to AST for exchange. Such notice
shall be mailed to holders by regular mail at their addresses on the records
of CNB.   -9-      2.9. Acts to Carry Out This Merger Plan.   (a) CNB
and its proper officers and directors shall do all such commercially
reasonable acts and things as may be necessary or proper to vest, perfect, or
confirm in NBT title to such property or rights as are specified in the
provisions identified in section 2.2(b) of this Agreement and otherwise
to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.   (b) If, at any time after
the Effective Time, NBT shall consider or be advised that any further
assignments or assurances in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable
to (i) vest, perfect, or confirm, of record or otherwise, in NBT its right,
title, or interest in or under any of the rights, properties, or assets of
CNB acquired or to be acquired by NBT as a result of, or in connection with,
the Holding Company Merger, or (ii) otherwise carry out the purposes of this
Agreement, CNB and its proper officers and directors shall be deemed to have
granted to NBT an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver all
such proper deeds, assignments, and assurances in law and to do all acts
necessary or proper to vest, perfect, or confirm title to and possession
of such rights, properties, or assets in NBT and otherwise to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement; and the proper officers and directors of NBT
are fully authorized in the name of CNB or otherwise to take any and all
such action.   2.10. Treatment of Stock Options. At the Effective Time,
each Converted Option, whether vested or unvested, shall automatically be
converted into a Replacement Option for a number of shares of NBT Common
Stock equal to (rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares) (a) the
number of shares of CNB Common Stock subject to such Converted Option as of
the Effective Time multiplied by (b) the Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price
per share (rounded down to the nearest whole cent) equal to (x) the aggregate
exercise price under such Converted Option for all of the shares of CNB
Common Stock subject to such Converted Option at the Effective Time divided
by (y) the number of shares of NBT Common Stock subject to such Replacement
Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of each Converted Option
to which section 421 of the Code applies by reason of its qualification under
section 422 of the Code, the terms of the Replacement Option into which such
Converted Option is converted, including the option price, the number of
shares of NBT Common Stock purchasable pursuant to such option, and the terms
and conditions of exercise of such option shall be determined so as to comply
with section 424(a) of the Code. At the Effective Time, NBT shall assume
stock plans under which Converted Options have been issued; provided, that
such assumption shall only be in respect of the Replacement Options and that
NBT shall have no obligation with respect to any awards under such plans
other than the Replacement Options and shall have no obligation to make any
additional grants or awards under such assumed plans.   2.11. Stock Option
Agreement. Simultaneously herewith, NBT and CNB shall execute and deliver the
Stock Option Agreement.     -10-      2.12. Directors.   (a) From
and after the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of NBT shall consist of
(i) the directors of NBT immediately prior to the Effective Time (each as a
director of the class of which he was a member immediately prior to the
Effective Time) and (ii) the following three individuals, each of whom shall
hold office until the next election of the class to which he is hereby
designated and until his successor shall be elected and qualified: Van Ness
D. Robinson (as a director of the class whose term expires in 2004), John P.
Woods, Jr. (as a director of the class whose term expires in 2003), and
Joseph A. Santangelo (as a director of the class whose term expires in 2002).
The Board of Directors of NBT shall nominate Mr. Santangelo for election to a
full term at the 2002 annual meeting of the NBT stockholders. Upon joining
the Board of Directors of NBT, Mr. Robinson will become a member of
the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of NBT and the other former
CNB directors will be appointed to NBT Board Committees in accordance with
NBT\'s current policies. Upon becoming members of the Board of Directors of
NBT, each of Messrs. Robinson, Woods and Santangelo, if not an employee of
NBT or any NBT Subsidiary, shall be eligible to participate as a divisional
director in the NBT Non-Employee Director, Divisional Director and Subsidiary
Director Stock Option Plan.   (b) In the event that, prior to the Effective
Time, any of Messrs. Robinson, Woods or Santangelo becomes unable or
unwilling to serve on the Board of Directors of NBT, CNB may designate a
replacement for that individual, subject to the reasonable approval of NBT.
In the event that, at or after the Effective Time, any of the aforementioned
individuals is unable or unwilling to serve out the term specified herein,
the remaining former CNB directors (including any replacement director chosen
pursuant to this sentence) may designate a replacement for that individual,
subject to the reasonable approval of NBT.   (c) Promptly following the
Effective Time, NBT shall cause Messrs. Robinson, Woods and Santangelo and
Mr. J. Carl Barbic to become members of a CNB Bank divisional board of
directors and shall cause Mr. Robinson to be elected chairman of such
divisional board of directors, each with a period of service until the next
annual meeting of the NBT stockholders. Upon becoming members of such
divisional board of directors, each of Messrs. Robinson, Woods, Santangelo
and Barbic shall be compensated for such services a fee according to a
schedule to be established by NBT, as set forth in Schedule 2.12(b)
hereto.   2.13. Voting Agreements. Simultaneously herewith, each director of
CNB hereto shall enter into an agreement with NBT, substantially in form
and substance as that set forth as Exhibit IV attached hereto, in which he
agrees to vote all shares of CNB Common Stock which may be voted, or whose
vote may be directed, by him in favor of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement at any meeting of stockholders at which such transaction shall
be considered.   2.14. Dividend Coordination. After the date of this
Agreement, each of NBT and CNB shall coordinate with the other the
declaration of any dividends in respect of NBT Common Stock and CNB Common
Stock and the record dates and payment dates relating thereto, it being the
intention of the parties hereto that holders of CNB Common Stock shall not
receive two dividends, or fail to receive one dividend, for any quarter with
respect to their shares of CNB Common Stock and any shares of NBT Common
Stock any such holder receives in exchange therefor in the Holding Company
Merger.   -11-     3. EFFECTIVE TIME.  --------------   The
Effective Time shall be on the first Friday following the latest of:   3.1.
CNB Stockholder Approval. The day upon which the stockholders of CNB approve,
ratify, and confirm the Holding Company Merger.   3.2. NBT Stockholder
Approval. The day upon which the stockholders of NBT approve, ratify, and
confirm the Holding Company Merger and the issuance of NBT Common Stock
pursuant to this Agreement.   3.3. Federal Reserve Approval. As applicable,
the date thirty days following the date of the order of the Board of
Governors approving the Holding Company Merger; or if, pursuant to section
321(a) of the Riegle Act, in connection with such an approval order the Board
of Governors shall have prescribed a shorter period of time with the
concurrence of the Attorney General of the United States, the date on which
such shorter period of time shall elapse; or the date five days following the
expiration of the period provided in section 225.12(d)(2)(v) of Regulation Y
of the Board of Governors, 12 C.F.R.ss. 225.12(d)(2)(v), during which the
Board of Governors may inform NBT that an application to the Board of
Governors is required in connection with the Holding Company Merger, if the
Board of Governors has not so informed NBT.   3.4. OCC Approval. As
applicable, the date thirty days following the date of the order of the OCC
approving the Bank Merger, or if, pursuant to section 321(b) of the Riegle
Act, the OCC shall have prescribed a shorter period of time with the
concurrence of the Attorney General of the United States, the date on which
such shorter period of time shall elapse.   3.5. Other Regulatory Approvals.
The date five days following the date any other material order, approval, or
consent of a federal or state regulator of financial institutions or
financial institution holding companies authorizing consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement is obtained or any waiting period
mandated by such order, approval, or consent has run.   3.6. Expiration of
Stays. Five days after any stay of the approvals of either the Board of
Governors or the OCC of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
any injunction against closing of said transactions is lifted, discharged, or
dismissed.   3.7. Mutual Agreement. Such other date as shall be mutually
agreed to by NBT and CNB.   -12-     4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------   The
obligations of NBT and CNB to consummate the Holding Company Merger and the
obligations of NBT Bank and CNB Bank to consummate the Bank Merger shall be
subject to the conditions that at or before the Effective Time:   4.1.
Regulatory Approvals. All orders, consents, and approvals required to
consummate the Holding Company Merger and the Bank Merger shall have
been entered by the requisite governmental authorities, and all statutory
waiting periods in respect thereof shall have expired; provided, however,
that no such approval shall have imposed any condition or requirement that,
in the reasonable judgment of the CNB Board of Directors or the NBT Board of
Directors, would have a material adverse effect on the anticipated economic
benefits of the transactions contemplated hereby.   4.2. Registration
Statement.   (a) Effectiveness. The Registration Statement shall have
become effective under the Securities Act.   (b) Absence of Stop-Order. The
Registration Statement shall not be subject to a stop-order or threatened
stop-order by the SEC.   4.3. Approval by Stockholders of CNB. The
stockholders of CNB shall have authorized, ratified, and confirmed the
Holding Company Merger by the affirmative vote required under the BCL and the
Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws of CNB, each as amended.   4.4.
Approval by Stockholders of NBT. The stockholders of NBT shall have
authorized, ratified, and confirmed the Holding Company Merger and
approved the issuance of NBT Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement by the
affirmative vote required under the GCL and the Certificate of Incorporation
and bylaws of CNB, each as amended.   4.5. Federal Income Taxation. NBT and
CNB shall have received a written opinion (in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to NBT and CNB and dated as of the Effective Time) of Duane,
Morris and Heckscher LLP, or of another law firm mutually agreeable to NBT and
CNB, applying existing law, that the Holding Company Merger and the Bank
Merger shall qualify as one or more reorganizations under section 368(a)(1)
of the Code and the regulations and rulings promulgated thereunder. In
rendering such opinion, the firm rendering the opinion may require and rely
upon representations contained in this Agreement and in certificates of
officers of NBT, CNB, and others, and upon facts, representations, and
assumption contained in tax representation letters of NBT and CNB.   4.6.
Adverse Legislation. Subsequent to the date of this Agreement no legislation
shall have been enacted and no regulation or other governmental requirement
shall have been adopted or imposed that renders or will render consummation
of the Holding Company Merger or the Bank Merger impossible or illegal.  
4.7. Absence of Litigation. None of the parties hereto shall be subject to
any order, decree or injunction of a court or agency of
competent jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   -13-     5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
TO PERFORMANCE OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF NBT AND NBT BANK. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------  
The obligations of NBT and NBT Bank hereunder that are to be performed at or
after the Effective Time are subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to
the Effective Time, of all the following conditions, compliance with which or
the occurrence of which may be waived in whole or in part by NBT in writing
unless not so permitted by law:   5.1. Representations and Warranties;
Performance of Obligations.   (a) All representations and warranties of CNB
and CNB Bank contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the Effective Time with the same effect as if such
representations and warranties had been made or given at and as of such date,
except that representations and warranties of CNB or CNB Bank contained in
this Agreement which specifically relate to an earlier date shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, provided, however,
that (i) in determining whether or not the condition contained in this
section 5.1(a) shall be satisfied, no effect shall be given to any exceptions
in such representations and warranties relating to materiality or Material
Adverse Effect and (ii) the condition contained in this section 5.1(a) shall
be deemed to be satisfied unless the failure of such representations and
warranties to be so true and correct constitute, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on CNB.   (b) All covenants and
obligations to be performed or met by CNB or CNB Bank at or prior to the
Effective Time shall have been so performed or met in all material
respects.   (c) On the date of the Effective Time, an executive officer of
each of CNB and CNB Bank shall deliver to NBT a certificate to the effect of
sections 5.1(a) and 5.1(b). The delivery of such certificates shall in no way
diminish the warranties, representations, covenants, and obligations of CNB
and CNB Bank made in this Agreement.   5.2. No Adverse Developments. During
the period from March 31, 2001 to the Effective Time, there shall not have
been any Material Adverse Effect with respect to CNB. On the date of the
Effective Time, an executive officer of CNB shall deliver to NBT a
certificate to that effect. The delivery of such certificate shall in no way
diminish the warranties or representations of CNB made in this Agreement.  
5.3. Accounting Treatment. At or before the Effective Time (i) NBT shall have
received the Pooling Letters, other than any which NBT did not receive as
a result of the action of NBT or one or more of its affiliates,
directors, officers, or stockholders, and (ii) the SEC shall not have raised
any material objection to the qualification of the Holding Company Merger
for pooling-of-interests treatment, other than an objection as a result of
the action of NBT or one or more of its affiliates, directors, officers,
or stockholders.  6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF
CNB AND CNB BANK. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------   The
obligations of CNB and CNB Bank hereunder that are to be performed at or
after the Effective Time are subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to
the Effective Time, of all the following conditions, compliance with which or
the occurrence of which may be waived in whole or in part by CNB in writing
unless not so permitted by law:   -14-     6.1. Representations and
Warranties; Performance of Obligations.   (a) All representations and
warranties of NBT and NBT Bank contained in this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the Effective Time with the same
effect as if such representations and warranties had been made or given at
and as of such date, except that representations and warranties of NBT and
NBT Bank contained in this Agreement which specifically relate to an earlier
date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier
date, provided, however, that (i) in determining whether or not the condition
contained in this section 5.1(a) shall be satisfied, no effect shall be given
to any exceptions in such representations and warranties relating to
materiality or Material Adverse Effect and (ii) the condition contained
in this section 5.1(a) shall be deemed to be satisfied unless the failure of
such representations and warranties to be so true and correct
constitute, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
NBT.   (b) All covenants and obligations to be performed or met by NBT
or NBT Bank at or prior to the Effective Time shall have been so performed or
met in all material respects.   (c) On the date of the Effective Time, an
executive officer of each of NBT and NBT Bank shall deliver to CNB a
certificate to the effect of sections 5.1(a) and 5.1(b). The delivery of such
certificates shall in no way diminish the warranties, representations,
covenants, and obligations of NBT and NBT Bank made in this Agreement.  
6.2. No Material Adverse Effect. During the period from March 31, 2001 to the
Effective Time, there shall not have been any Material Adverse Effect
with respect to NBT. On the date of the Effective Time, an executive officer
of NBT shall deliver to CNB a certificate to that effect. The delivery of
such certificate shall in no way diminish the warranties or representations
of NBT made in this Agreement.   6.3. Status of NBT Common Stock. The
shares of NBT Common Stock to be issued to the stockholders of CNB upon
consummation of the Holding Company Merger shall have been authorized for
inclusion on the Nasdaq National Market (or another national securities
exchange) subject to official notice of issuance.   6.4. Accounting
Treatment. At or before the Effective Time (i) NBT shall have received the
Pooling Letters, other than any which NBT did not receive as a result of the
action of CNB or one or more of its affiliates, directors, officers, or
stockholders; and (ii) the SEC shall not have raised any material objection
to the qualification of the Holding Company Merger for pooling-of-interests
treatment, other than an objection as a result of the action of CNB or one or
more of its affiliates, directors, officers, or stockholders.  
-15-    7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CNB AND CNB BANK. 
--------------------------------------------------   CNB (with respect to
CNB and the CNB Subsidiaries) and CNB Bank (solely with respect to itself)
each represents and warrants to NBT and NBT Bank as follows:   7.1.
Organization, Powers, and Qualification. Each of CNB and each CNB Subsidiary
is a corporation, national banking association, or trust which is duly
organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of
its jurisdiction of organization and has all requisite corporate power and
authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to lease properties
used in its business, and to carry on its business as now conducted. Each of
CNB and each CNB Subsidiary owns or possesses in the operation of its
business all franchises, licenses, permits, branch certificates, consents,
approvals, waivers, and other authorizations, governmental or otherwise,
which are necessary for it to conduct its business as now conducted, except
for those where the failure to have such ownership or possession would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on CNB. Each of CNB and each CNB Subsidiary is
duly qualified and licensed to do business and is in good standing in every
jurisdiction with respect to which the failure to be so qualified or licensed
would have a Material Adverse Effect on CNB.   7.2. Execution and
Performance of Agreement. Each of CNB and CNB Bank has all requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its terms. CNB has all requisite corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver the Stock Option Agreement and to perform its terms.  
7.3. Absence of Violations.   (a) Neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary is (i)
in violation of its respective charter documents or bylaws, (ii) in violation
of any applicable federal, state, or local law or ordinance or any order,
rule, or regulation of any federal, state, local, or other governmental
agency or body, or (iii) in violation of or in default with respect to any
order, writ, injunction, or decree of any court, or in default under any
order, license, regulation, or demand of any governmental agency, except, in
the case of (ii) or (iii), for such violations or defaults which in the
aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect on CNB; and neither CNB
nor any CNB Subsidiary has received any claim or notice of violation with
respect thereto.   (b) Except as set forth in Schedule 7.3 hereto, neither
CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary nor any director or officer of any of them is a
party to any assistance agreement, supervisory agreement, memorandum of
understanding, consent order, cease and desist order or condition of any
regulatory order or decree with or by the Board of Governors, the OCC, the
FDIC, the SEC, any other banking or securities authority of the United States
or the State of New York, or any other regulatory agency that relates to the
conduct of the business of CNB or any CNB Subsidiary or their assets; and no
such agreement, memorandum, order, condition, or decree is pending or, to the
Knowledge of CNB or CNB Bank, threatened.   7.4. Compliance with
Agreements. Except as set forth in Schedule 7.4 hereto, neither CNB nor any
CNB Subsidiary is in violation of any term of any security agreement,
mortgage, indenture, or any other contract, agreement, instrument, lease, or
certificate, except for such violations which in the aggregate would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on CNB.   -16-      7.5. Binding Obligations;
Due Authorization. The execution, delivery, and performance of this
Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement, and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by the board of
directors of each of CNB and CNB Bank. Other than approval, ratification and
confirmation of this Agreement by the stockholders of CNB, no other corporate
proceedings on the part of either CNB or CNB Bank are necessary to authorize
this Agreement, the Merger, the Stock Option Agreement, the issuance of the
stock options contemplated by the Stock Option Agreement, the subsequent
exercise of the stock options thereby issued, the Bank Merger, and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement,
or the carrying out of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of CNB and CNB Bank
and constitutes the valid, legal, and binding obligation of each of CNB and
CNB Bank, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, and other laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights, to the supervisory
and enforcement powers of applicable regulatory agencies, and to general
equity principles. The Stock Option Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by CNB.   7.6. Absence of Default.   (a) Except as set forth in
Schedule 7.6 hereto, none of the execution or the delivery of this Agreement
and the Stock Option Agreement, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, or the compliance with or fulfillment of the
terms hereof or thereof will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach of any
of the terms, conditions, or provisions of, or constitute a default under the
organizational documents or bylaws of CNB or any CNB Subsidiary; (ii)
conflict with, or result in a breach of the terms, conditions, or provisions
of, or constitute a material violation or default under, or give rise to any
right of termination, cancellation, or acceleration with respect to, or
result in the creation of any lien, charge, or encumbrance upon any of the
property or assets of CNB or any CNB Subsidiary pursuant to, any material
agreement or instrument under which it is obligated or by which any of its
properties or assets may be bound, including any material lease,
contract, mortgage, promissory note, deed of trust, loan, credit arrangement,
or other commitment or arrangement of CNB or any CNB Subsidiary, except for
such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, rights of termination,
cancellation, or acceleration, or results described in this section
7.6(a)(ii) which in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
CNB; (iii) if the Holding Company Merger is approved by the Board of
Governors under the BHC Act, or if the Board of Governors waives its
jurisdiction over the Holding Company Merger, and if the Bank Merger is
approved by the OCC, violate any law, statute, rule, or regulation of any
government or agency to which CNB or any CNB Subsidiary is subject and which
is material to its operations; (iv) violate any judgment, order, writ,
injunction, decree, or ruling to which it or any of its properties or assets
is subject or bound; or (v) require any material authorization, consent,
approval, or exemption by any Person which has not been obtained, or any
material notice or filing which has not been given or done, other
than approval of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by, notices
to, or filings with the Board of Governors, the OCC, the SEC, the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware, and the Secretary of State of the State of
New York, and filings referred to in section 8.12 hereof.   (b) The Board
of Directors of CNB has taken all necessary action so that the provisions of
section 912 et seq. of the BCL (and any applicable provisions of the takeover
laws of any other state) do not and will not apply to this Agreement, the
Holding Company Merger, the Bank Merger, the Stock Option Agreement, or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.   -17-      (c) CNB has
not adopted any stockholder rights plan, "poison pill" or similar plan, or
any other plan which could result in the grant of any rights to any person,
or which could enable or require any rights to be exercised, distributed, or
triggered, as a result of the execution, delivery, or announcement of this
Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement, or the consummation of the Holding
Company Merger or the Bank Merger or any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement.   7.7. Compliance with BHC
Act.   (a) CNB is duly registered as a bank holding company under the
BHC Act. All of the activities and investments of CNB conform to the
requirements applicable generally to bank holding companies under the BHC Act
and the regulations of the Board of Governors adopted thereunder.   (b) To
the Knowledge of CNB, no Person, other than CNB, is registered or is required
to be registered as a bank holding company under the BHC Act by virtue of its
control over CNB Bank or over any Person that directly or indirectly has
control over CNB Bank.   (c) Except for the activities engaged in by
Colonial Financial Services, Inc., each of the activities engaged in by CNB
and the CNB Subsidiaries has been determined by regulation of the Board of
Governors to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling
banks as to be a proper incident thereto. The activities engaged in by
Colonial Financial Services, Inc. are authorized pursuant to section
5136A(a)(2)(A) of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C.ss.
24a(a)(2)(A)) as financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity or
as activities that are permitted for national banks to engage in
directly.   7.8. Subsidiaries. CNB Bank is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary
of CNB. There are no CNB Subsidiaries except CNB Bank and the Persons set
forth on Schedule 7.8 hereto. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.8 hereto, CNB
does not directly or indirectly own, control, or hold with the power to vote
any shares of the capital stock or other ownership interests of any Person
(except shares held by CNB Bank for the account of others in a fiduciary,
representative or custodial capacity in the ordinary course of its business
and shares acquired with respect to debts previously contracted). There are
no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, convertible securities,
calls, commitments, or agreements calling for or requiring the issuance,
transfer, sale, or other disposition of any shares of the capital stock of
any CNB Subsidiary, or calling for or requiring the issuance of any
securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital
stock of any CNB Subsidiary.   7.9. Capital Structure.   (a) The
authorized capital stock of CNB consists of 20,000,000 shares of CNB Common
Stock, of which, as of the date of this Agreement, 7,421,146 shares have been
duly issued and are validly outstanding, fully paid, and held by
approximately 1,664 stockholders of record, and 383,952 shares of CNB Common
Stock are held by CNB as treasury shares. Such   -18-    shares of CNB
Common Stock are the only voting securities of CNB authorized, issued, or
outstanding as of such date; and, except as set forth on Schedule 7.9 hereto,
no subscriptions, warrants, options, rights, convertible securities,
or similar arrangements or commitments are authorized, issued, or outstanding
which would enable the holder thereof to purchase or otherwise acquire shares
of any class of capital stock of CNB. None of the CNB Common Stock is subject
to any restrictions upon the transfer thereof under the terms of the
certificate of incorporation or bylaws of CNB.   (b) Schedule 7.9 hereto
lists all options to purchase CNB securities currently outstanding and, for
each such option, the date of issuance, date of exercisability, exercise
price, type of security for which exercisable, date of expiration, and
whether the option is intended to constitute an incentive stock option under
section 422 of the Code. Schedule 7.9 hereto further lists all shares of CNB
Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to stock option
plans, agreements, or arrangements but not yet issued and all options upon
shares of CNB Common Stock designated or made available for grant but not yet
granted.   (c) The authorized capital stock of CNB Bank consists of
2,250,000 shares of CNB Bank Common Stock, of which, as of the date of this
Agreement, 1,173,408 shares have been duly issued and are validly
outstanding, fully paid, and all of which are held of record and beneficially
by CNB, free and clear of any adverse claims. The aforementioned shares of
CNB Bank Common Stock are the only voting securities of CNB Bank authorized,
issued, or outstanding as of such date; and no subscriptions, warrants,
options, rights, convertible securities, or similar arrangements or
commitments in respect of securities of CNB Bank are authorized, issued, or
outstanding which would enable the holder thereof to purchase or otherwise
acquire shares of any class of capital stock of CNB Bank. No shares of CNB
Bank Common Stock are held by CNB Bank as treasury shares. None of the CNB
Bank Common Stock is subject to any restrictions upon the transfer thereof
under the terms of the articles of association or bylaws of CNB Bank or under
the terms of any agreement to which CNB Bank is a party or under which it is
bound.   (d) None of the shares of CNB Common Stock or CNB Bank Common
Stock has been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any
stockholder.   (e) As of the date hereof, to the Knowledge of CNB and CNB
Bank, and except for this Agreement, there are no stockholder agreements, or
other agreements, understandings, or commitments relating to the right of any
holder or beneficial owner of more than 1 percent of the issued and
outstanding shares of any class of the capital stock of either CNB or CNB
Bank to vote or to dispose of his, her, or its shares of capital stock of
that entity.   7.10. Certificate and Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, and
Minute Books. The copies of the certificate or articles of incorporation or
association and all amendments thereto and of the bylaws, as amended, of CNB
and each of the CNB Subsidiaries that have been provided to NBT are true,
correct, and complete copies thereof. The minute books of CNB and each of the
CNB Subsidiaries which have been made available to NBT accurately record, in
all material respects, all material corporate actions of their respective
stockholders and boards of directors (including committees).  
-19-      7.11. Books and Records. The books and records of each of CNB
and each CNB Subsidiary fairly reflect the transactions to which it is a
party or by which its properties are subject or bound. Such books and records
have been properly kept and maintained and are in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable legal and accounting requirements.   7.12.
Regulatory Approvals and Filings, Contracts, Commitments, etc. Except as set
forth in Schedule 7.12 hereto, CNB has made available to NBT:   (a) All
regulatory approvals received since January 1, 1995, of CNB and CNB Bank
relating to all bank and nonbank acquisitions or the establishment of de novo
operations;   (b) All material employment retention, or non-
competition contracts and all material CNB Plans accompanied by (i) any
agreements, including trust agreements, embodying such contracts, plans, or
arrangements, (ii) the executed governing documents, including the related
trust agreement, insurance policy and summary plan description for each CNB
Plan, if any, (iii) the most recent and prior two years\' actuarial and
financial reports if the CNB Plan constitutes a "qualified plan" under
section 401(a) of the Code, and (iv) the most recent and prior two years\'
Form 5500 with all schedules, (v) all IRS rulings and determination letters
issued or filed within the past two years and any open requests for such
rulings and letters, (vi) all employee manuals relating to employment and
benefit policies and practices (whether or not distributed to employees or
any of them), and (vii) any actuarial reports and audits relating to such
contracts, plans, and arrangements;   (c) All material contracts,
agreements, leases, mortgages, and commitments to which CNB or any CNB
Subsidiary is a party or may be bound; or, if any of the same be oral, true,
accurate, and complete written summaries of all such oral contracts,
agreements, leases, mortgages, and commitments;   (d) All deeds, leases,
contracts, agreements, mortgages, and commitments to which CNB or any CNB
Subsidiary is a party or may be bound and which relate to land, buildings,
fixtures, or other real property upon or within which CNB or any CNB
Subsidiary operates its businesses or is authorized to operate its
businesses, or with respect to which CNB or any CNB Subsidiary has any
application pending for authorization to operate its businesses;   (e) Any
pending application, including any documents or materials related thereto,
which has been filed by CNB or CNB Bank with any federal or state regulatory
agency with respect to the establishment of a new office or the acquisition
or establishment of any additional banking or nonbanking subsidiary; and  
(f) All federal, state, and local Tax Returns, including any amended returns,
filed by CNB or any CNB Subsidiary for the years 1997 through 2000, the most
recent audit examination of each of CNB and CNB Bank by the IRS, and all
correspondence or other documents with respect to any IRS examination that
has not yet been resolved, the most recent state or local tax
agency examination, if any, of each of CNB and CNB Bank, and all
correspondence or other documents with respect to any state or local taxing
authority examination that has not yet been resolved, and all tax rulings,
closing agreements, settlement agreements, or similar documents with respect
to CNB or CNB Bank received from or entered into with the IRS or any other
taxing authority since January 1, 1991 or that would have continuing effect
after the Effective Time.   7.13. Financial Statements. CNB has furnished to
NBT the CNB Financial Statements. Each of the consolidated financial
statements included in the CNB Financial Statements complied as to form in
all material respects with GAAP and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto and fairly presented the consolidated financial
position of CNB and its subsidiaries as of its date, and each of the
consolidated statements of income, of stockholders\' equity, and of cash
flows included in the CNB Financial Statements fairly presented the results
of operations, stockholders\' equity, and cash flows of CNB and its
subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein (subject, in the case
of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments), in each case
in accordance with GAAP, during the periods involved, except as may be
noted therein.     -20-      7.14. Call Reports; Bank Holding
Company Reports.   (a) CNB Bank has made available to NBT its Consolidated
Reports of Condition and Consolidated Reports of Income for the calendar
quarters ended March 31, 1998 and thereafter. All of such Consolidated
Reports of Condition and Consolidated Reports of Income, including the
related schedules and memorandum items, were prepared in accordance with GAAP
applied in all material respects or, to the extent different from GAAP,
accounting principles mandated by the applicable instructions to such
Consolidated Reports of Condition or Consolidated Reports of Income.   (b)
CNB has made available to NBT (i) its annual report on Form FR Y-6 as filed
with the Board of Governors as of December 31, 2000 and (ii) its semiannual
report on Form FR Y-9LP as filed with the Board of Governors as of December
31, 2000.   7.15. Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.   (a) At March 31,
2001, neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary had any obligation or liability of
any nature (whether absolute, accrued, contingent, or otherwise, and whether
due or to become due) which was material, or which when combined with all
similar obligations or liabilities would have been material, to CNB, except
(i) as disclosed in the CNB Financial Statements, (ii) as set forth on
Schedule 7.15 hereto, or (iii) for liabilities incurred by CNB or CNB Bank in
the ordinary course of their business consistent with past practice.   (b)
Since March 31, 2001, neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary has incurred or paid
any obligation or liability that would be material on a consolidated basis to
CNB, except (i) for obligations incurred or paid in connection with
transactions by it in the ordinary course of its business consistent with
past practices, (ii) as set forth on Schedule 7.15 hereto, or (iii) as
expressly contemplated herein.   7.16. Absence of Certain Developments.
Since March 31, 2001, except as set forth in Schedule 7.16 hereto, each of
CNB and each CNB Subsidiary has conducted its business only in the ordinary
course of such business and consistent with past practices, and there has
been (a) no Material Adverse Effect upon CNB, (b) no declaration, setting
aside, or payment by CNB or CNB Bank of any regular dividend, special
dividend, or other distribution with respect to any class of capital stock of
CNB or CNB Bank, other than (i) subject to the dividend-coordination
provisions of section 2.14 of this Agreement, customary cash dividends paid
by CNB whose amounts have not exceeded $0.09 per share per calendar quarter
and the intervals between which dividends have not been more frequent than
past practice and (ii) customary cash dividends paid by CNB Bank whose
amounts have not exceeded past practice and the intervals between which
dividends have not been more frequent than past practice; (c) no repurchase
by CNB of any of its capital stock; and (iv) no material acquisition or
disposition of any asset, nor any material contract outside the
ordinary course of business entered into by CNB or any CNB Subsidiary nor any
substantial amendment or termination of any material contract outside the
ordinary course of business to which CNB or any CNB Subsidiary is a party,
nor any other transaction by CNB or any CNB Subsidiary involving an amount in
excess of $100,000 other than for fair value in the ordinary course of its
business.   -21-      7.17. Tax Matters. Except as provided in Schedule
7.17 hereto:   (a) All Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf
of CNB or any CNB Subsidiary have been timely filed with the
appropriate governmental agencies in all jurisdictions in which such Tax
Returns are required to be filed, or requests for extensions have been timely
filed, granted, and have not expired. All such filed Tax Returns are complete
and accurate in all material respects and properly reflect Taxes for the
periods covered thereby. All Taxes shown or required to be shown on such
filed Tax Returns have been paid. None of CNB or any CNB Subsidiary has
instituted any refund litigation or received notice of any pending audit
examination, deficiency, or tax claim or any notice of assessment or proposed
assessment by the IRS or any other taxing authority that might result in a
determination adverse to CNB or a CNB Subsidiary, except as adequately
reserved against in the last balance sheet included in the CNB Financial
Statements. All Taxes due with respect to completed and settled examinations
or concluded litigation have been properly accrued or paid.   (b) Neither
CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary has executed an extension or waiver of any statute
of limitations on the assessment or collection of any Tax due that is
currently in effect.   (c) To the extent any Taxes are due from, but have
not yet been paid by, CNB or a CNB Subsidiary for the period or periods
beginning January 1, 2001 or thereafter through and including the Effective
Time, adequate provision on an estimated basis has been made for the payment
of such taxes by establishment of appropriate tax liability accounts on the
financial statements of CNB.   (d) To the knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank,
other than liens arising under the laws of the State of New York with respect
to Taxes assessed and not yet due and payable, there are no tax liens on any
of the properties or assets of CNB or the CNB Subsidiaries.   (e) Except to
the extent that any failure is not material, CNB and CNB Bank (i) have timely
filed all information returns or reports required to be filed with respect to
Taxes, (ii) have properly and timely provided to all Persons, other than
taxing authorities, all information reports or other documents (for example,
Form 1099s and Form W-2s) required to be provided to such Persons under
applicable Tax law, and (iii) have exercised due diligence in obtaining
certified taxpayer identification numbers as required under applicable Tax
law.   (f) CNB and the CNB Subsidiaries have in all material
respects satisfied all federal, state, local, and foreign withholding tax
requirements including income, social security, and employment tax
withholding.   (g) Neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary (i) is, or has been,
a member of a group filing a consolidated, combined, or unitary tax return,
other than a group the common parent of which is or was CNB, or (ii) has any
liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than CNB and the CNB
Subsidiaries) under Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of
state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or
otherwise.   -22-      7.18. Regulatory Information. CNB and CNB Bank
have disclosed to NBT and NBT Bank the information called for by Item 75 and
76 of the due diligence request provided to CNB, as such information may be
updated from time to time from the date hereof.   7.19. Reports. Except as
set forth in Schedule 7.19 hereto, since January 1, 1998, each of CNB and
each CNB Subsidiary has effected all registrations and filed all reports and
statements, together with any amendments required to be made with respect
thereto, which it was required to effect or file with (a) the Board of
Governors, (b) the OCC, (c) the FDIC, (d) the United States Department of the
Treasury, (e) the SEC, and (f) any other governmental or regulatory authority
or agency having jurisdiction over its operations. No such registration,
report, or document filed with the SEC, including the financial statements,
exhibits, and schedules thereto, contains any untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. All other such registrations, reports, and documents were
prepared in accordance with the applicable statutes, regulations, and
instructions in existence as of the date of filing of such reports in
all material respects.   7.20. SEC Registered Securities. Other than the
CNB Common Stock, the Series B Floating Rate Capital Securities of CNB
Capital Trust I, the Series B Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable
Interest Debentures of CNB, and the CNB Series B Guarantee with respect to
Series B Floating Rate Capital Securities, no equity or debt securities of
CNB or any CNB Subsidiary are registered or required to be registered under
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.   7.21. Legal Proceedings. Except
as disclosed in the CNB Financial Statements or as set forth on Schedule 7.21
hereto, there is no claim, action, suit, arbitration, investigation, or other
proceeding pending before any court, governmental agency, authority or
commission, arbitrator, or "impartial mediator" (of which CNB or any CNB
Subsidiary has been served with process or otherwise been given notice) or,
to the Knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank, threatened or contemplated against or
affecting it or its property, assets, interests, or rights, or any basis
therefor of which notice has been given, which, if adversely determined,
would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect upon CNB.  
7.22. Absence of Governmental Proceedings. Except as set forth in Schedule
7.22 hereto, neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary is a party defendant
or respondent to any pending legal, equitable, or other proceeding commenced
by any governmental agency and, to the Knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank, no
such proceeding is threatened.   -23-     7.23. Federal Deposit
Insurance.   (a) The deposits held by CNB Bank are insured within
statutory limits by the Bank Insurance Fund of the FDIC pursuant to the
provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (12 U.S.C.ss.
1811 et seq.), and CNB Bank has paid all regular premiums and special
assessments and filed all related reports and statements required under the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act.   (b) CNB Bank is a member of and pays
insurance assessments to the BIF, and its deposits are insured by the BIF.
None of the deposits of CNB Bank are insured by the SAIF, and CNB Bank pays
no insurance assessments to the SAIF.   7.24. Other Insurance. Set forth on
Schedule 7.24 are the material insurance policies maintained by CNB and each
CNB Subsidiary. All such policies of insurance are in full force and effect,
and no notice of cancellation has been received. All premiums to date have
been paid in full. Neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary is in default with
respect to any such policy which is material to it.   7.25. Labor Matters.
Neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any collective
bargaining contracts with respect to any employees of CNB or the CNB
Subsidiaries. Since their respective inceptions there has not been, nor to
the Knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank has there been or is there threatened, any
strike, slowdown, picketing, or work stoppage by any union or other group of
employees against CNB or any CNB Subsidiary or any of its premises, or any
other labor trouble or other occurrence, event, or condition of a similar
character. As of the date hereof, neither CNB nor CNB Bank has Knowledge of
any attempts to organize a collective bargaining unit to represent any of its
employee groups.   7.26. Employee Benefit Plans.   (a) Schedule 7.26
attached hereto contains a complete list or brief descriptions of all
material CNB Plans.   (b) Each CNB Plan complies in all material respects
with applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other applicable laws.  
(c) Each CNB Plan intended to be a qualified plan under the Code complies
with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code in all material respects
and a favorable determination letter has been issued by the IRS with respect
to each such plan, and to the knowledge of CNB, no condition exists which
presents a material risk of any such letter being revoked. Neither CNB nor
any CNB Subsidiary had, as of the date of the last balance sheet included in
the CNB Financial Statements, any material liability under any CNB Plan which
is not reflected on such last balance sheet included in the CNB Financial
Statements (other than such normally unrecorded liabilities under the CNB
Plan for sick leave, holiday, education, bonus, vacation,
incentive compensation, and anniversary awards, provided that such
liabilities not reflected on the last balance sheet included in the CNB
Financial Statements are not material and other than liabilities not required
under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected on such
balance sheet). There have not been any "prohibited transactions" with
respect to any CNB Plan within the meaning of section 406 of ERISA or, where
applicable, section 4975   -24-    of the Code, that would have a
Material Adverse Effect, nor does any accumulated funding deficiency within
the meaning of section 302 of ERISA or section 412 of the Code exist with
respect to any CNB Plan. Neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary nor any entity
under common control with CNB under section 414(b), (c), or (m) of the Code
has or had any obligation to contribute to any multiemployer plan (within the
meaning of section 3(37) of ERISA). Except as set forth on Schedule 7.26(c)
hereto, neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary has any obligation to
provide retiree medical or life insurance benefits, except as required by
Part 6 of Title I of ERISA or other applicable law.   (d) To the knowledge
of CNB, no action, claim, or demand of any kind has been brought or
threatened by any potential claimant or representative of such a claimant
under any CNB Plan, other than routine claims for benefits in the ordinary
course, where CNB or a CNB Subsidiary may be either (i) liable directly on
such action, claim, or demand; or (ii) obligated to indemnify any Person or
group of Persons with respect to such action, claim, or demand which is not
fully covered by insurance maintained with reputable, responsible financial
insurers or by a self-insured plan.   7.27. Employee Relations. Except as
set forth in Schedule 7.27 hereto, no dispute exists between CNB or any CNB
Subsidiary and any of its employee groups regarding any employee
organization, wages, hours, or conditions of employment which would have a
Material Adverse Effect on CNB. Since the enactment of the WARN Act, neither
CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary has effectuated (a) a "plant closing" (as defined
by the WARN Act) affecting any site of employment or one or more facilities
or operating units within any site of employment or facility of CNB or any
CNB Subsidiary or (b) a "mass layoff" (as defined by the WARN Act) affecting
any site of employment or facility of CNB or any CNB Subsidiary, nor has CNB
or any CNB Subsidiary been affected by any transaction or engaged in layoffs
or employment terminations sufficient in number to trigger application of any
similar state or local law. None of the employees of CNB or the CNB
Subsidiaries has suffered an "employment loss" (as defined in the WARN Act)
during the ninety-day period prior to the execution of this Agreement.  
7.28. Fiduciary Activities. CNB Bank is duly qualified and registered and in
good standing in accordance with the laws of each jurisdiction in which it is
required to so qualify or register as a result of or in connection with its
fiduciary or custodial activities as conducted as of the date hereof.
CNB Bank is duly registered under and in compliance with all requirements of
the federal Investment Advisers Act of 1940 as amended, or is exempt
from registration thereunder and from compliance with the requirements
thereof. Since January 1, 1998, CNB Bank has conducted, and currently is
conducting, all fiduciary and custodial activities in all material respects
in accordance with all applicable law.   -25-      7.29. Environmental
Liability. Except as set forth in Schedule 7.29 hereto:   (a) Neither CNB
nor any CNB Subsidiary is in material violation of any judgment, decree,
order, law, license, rule or regulation pertaining to environmental matters,
including those arising under any Environmental Law.   (b) Neither CNB, any
CNB Subsidiary, nor, to the Knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank, any borrower of
CNB or of any CNB Subsidiary has received notice that it has been identified
by the United States Environmental Protection Agency as a potentially
responsible party under CERCLA with respect to a site listed on the National
Priorities List, 40 C.F.R. Part 300 Appendix B, nor has CNB or any CNB
Subsidiary or, to the Knowledge of CNB or CNB Bank, any borrower of CNB or of
any CNB Subsidiary received any notification that any Hazardous Substance
that it has disposed of has been found at any site at which a federal or
state agency is conducting a remedial investigation or other action
pursuant to any Environmental Law.   (c) No portion of the CNB Real Estate
has been used by CNB or any CNB Subsidiary for the handling, processing,
storage or disposal of Hazardous Substances in a manner which violates any
Environmental Laws and which would be reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect on CNB. To the Knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank, any underground
tank or other underground storage receptacle for Hazardous Substances located
on any of the CNB Real Estate complies with applicable Environmental Laws. In
the course of its activities, neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary has
generated or is generating any hazardous waste on any of the CNB Real Estate
in a manner which violates any Environmental Laws. There has been no material
Release of Hazardous Substances by CNB or any CNB Subsidiary. In addition, to
the Knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank, there have been no such Releases on, upon,
or into any real property in the vicinity of any of the CNB Real Estate that,
through soil or groundwater contamination, may be located on any of such CNB
Real Estate.   (d) With respect to the Collateral Real Estate, neither
CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary has since January 1, 1995 received notice from
any borrower thereof or third party, and neither CNB nor CNB Bank has any
Knowledge, that such borrower has generated or is generating any hazardous
waste on any of the Collateral Real Estate in a manner which violates any
Environmental Laws or that there has been any Release of Hazardous Substances
by such borrower on, upon, or into any of the Collateral Real Estate, or that
there has been any Release on, upon, or into any real property in the
vicinity of any of the Collateral Real Estate that, through soil or
groundwater contamination, may be located on any of such Collateral Real
Estate.   (e) As used in this section 7.29, each of the terms "CNB"
and "CNB Bank" includes the applicable entity and any Person in which it has
an interest.   7.30. Intangible Property. To the Knowledge of CNB and CNB
Bank, each of CNB and each CNB Subsidiary owns or possesses the right, free
of the claims of any third party, to use all material trademarks, service
marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, and licenses currently used by it in
the conduct of its business. No material product or service offered and no
material trademark, service mark, or similar right used by CNB or any CNB
Subsidiary infringes any rights of any other Person, and neither CNB nor any
CNB Subsidiary has received any written or oral notice of any claim of such
infringement.   -26-      7.31. Real and Personal Property. Except for
property and assets disposed of in the ordinary course of business, and
except as set forth in Schedule 7.31 hereto, each of CNB and each CNB
Subsidiary possesses good and marketable title to and owns, free and clear of
any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, or other encumbrance or other third party
interest of any nature whatsoever which would have a Material Adverse Effect
on CNB, its real and personal property and other assets, including those
properties and assets reflected in the last balance sheet included in the CNB
Financial Statements or acquired by CNB or any CNB Subsidiary subsequent to
March 31, 2001. The leases pursuant to which CNB and the CNB Subsidiaries
lease real or personal property as lessee are valid and effective in
accordance with their respective terms; and there is not, under any such
lease, any material existing default or any event which, with the giving of
notice or lapse of time or otherwise, would constitute a material default.
The real and personal property leased by either CNB or any CNB Subsidiary as
lessee is free from any lien, charge, or other encumbrance created by CNB or
any CNB Subsidiary which would have a Material Adverse Effect on CNB. The
material properties and equipment owned or leased as lessee by CNB and the
CNB Subsidiaries are in normal operating condition, free from any
known defects, except such minor defects as do not materially interfere with
the continued use thereof in the conduct of its normal operations.   7.32.
Loans, Leases, and Discounts. To the Knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank, except as
described in CNB Bank\'s document exception reports, each loan, lease, and
discount reflected as an asset of CNB on the last balance sheet included in
the CNB Financial Statements, or acquired since March 31, 2001, is the legal,
valid, and binding obligation of the obligor named therein, enforceable in
accordance with its terms; and no loan, lease, or discount having an unpaid
balance (principal and accrued interest) in excess of $100,000, and
no outstanding letter of credit or commitment to extend credit having a
notional amount in excess of $100,000, is subject to any asserted defense,
offset, or counterclaim to the Knowledge of CNB and CNB Bank.   7.33.
Material Contracts. Neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary nor any of the assets,
businesses, or operations of any of them is a party to, or is bound or
affected by, or receives benefits under any material agreement,
arrangement, or commitment not cancelable by it without penalty, other than
(a) the agreements set forth on Schedule 7.33 hereto, and (b) agreements,
arrangements, or commitments entered into in the ordinary course of its
business consistent with past practice, or, if there has been no past
practice, consistent with prudent banking practices.   7.34. Employment and
Severance Arrangements. Schedule 7.34 hereto sets forth all contracts,
agreements, and arrangements between CNB or any CNB Subsidiary and any of its
officers, directors, stockholders, consultants, or other management officials
or any officer, director, stockholder, consultant, or management official of
any affiliate if the contract, agreement, or arrangement provides for (a)
severance payments or (b) increased or accelerated compensation in the event
of a change of control with respect to CNB or a CNB Subsidiary or any other
event affecting the ownership, control, or management of CNB or a
CNB Subsidiary.   -27-      7.35. Validity of Contracts. All
contracts, agreements, leases, mortgages, or commitments referred to in
section 7.12(c) hereof are valid and in full force and effect on the date
hereof.   7.36. Capital Expenditures. Except as set forth on Schedule
7.36 hereto, neither CNB nor any CNB Subsidiary has any outstanding
commitments to make capital expenditures which in the aggregate exceed
$50,000.   7.37. Repurchase Agreements. With respect to all agreements
pursuant to which CNB or any CNB Subsidiary has purchased securities subject
to an agreement to resell, it has a valid, perfected first lien or security
interest in the securities securing the agreement, and the value of the
collateral securing each such agreement equals or exceeds the amount of the
debt secured by such collateral under such agreement.   7.38. Interest Rate
Risk Management Instruments.   (a) Schedule 7.38 hereto contains a true,
correct, and complete list of all Derivatives and other interest-rate risk
management arrangements to which CNB or any CNB Subsidiary is a party or by
which any of its properties or assets may be bound.   (b) All Derivatives
and other interest rate risk management arrangements to which CNB or any CNB
Subsidiary is a party or by which any of its properties or assets may be
bound were entered into in the ordinary course of its business and in
accordance with prudent banking practice and applicable rules, regulations,
and regulatory policies and with counterparties believed to be financially
responsible at the time and are legal, valid, and binding obligations
enforceable in accordance with their terms and are in full force and effect.
CNB and the CNB Subsidiaries have duly performed in all material respects all
of their respective obligations thereunder to the extent that
such obligations to perform have accrued; and to the Knowledge of CNB and CNB
Bank, there are no breaches, violations, or defaults or allegations or
assertions of such by any party thereunder.   7.39. Accounting and Federal
Income Taxation. CNB and CNB Bank are aware of no reason why the Holding
Company Merger will fail to qualify for "pooling of interests" accounting
treatment or as a reorganization under section 368(a) of the Code.   7.40.
Brokers and Advisers. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.40 hereto, (a) there
are no claims for brokerage commissions, finder\'s fees, or similar
compensation arising out of or due to any act of CNB or CNB Bank
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or based
upon any agreement or arrangement made by or on behalf of CNB or CNB Bank and
(b) neither CNB nor CNB Bank has entered into any agreement or understanding
with any party relating to financial advisory services provided or to be
provided with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
7.41. Regulatory and Other Approvals. As of the date hereof, neither CNB nor
CNB Bank has Knowledge of any reason why the parties hereto would not be able
to obtain:   (a) all material consents and approvals from all
regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, as are necessary for (i)   -28-     consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) the continuation
after the Effective Time of the business of CNB and CNB Bank as such business
is carried on immediately prior to the Effective Time, free of any conditions
or requirements which would have a Material Adverse Effect upon NBT; and  
(b) all material consents and approvals from all other Persons and entities
whose consent or approval are necessary for (i) consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (ii) the continuation
after the Effective Time of the business of CNB and CNB Bank as such business
is carried on immediately prior to the Effective Time.  8. COVENANTS OF CNB
AND CNB BANK.  -----------------------------   CNB (on behalf of itself and
CNB Bank) and CNB Bank (on behalf of itself) each hereby covenants and agrees
as follows:   8.1. Rights of Access. From the date hereof to the Effective
Time, CNB and CNB Bank will give to NBT and NBT Bank and to their
representatives, including their certified public accountants, KPMG, full
access during normal business hours to all of the properties, documents,
contracts, books, and records of CNB and the CNB Subsidiaries, and such
information with respect to their business affairs and properties as NBT or
NBT Bank from time to time may reasonably request, provided, however, that
such access be pursuant to reasonable notice and any investigation shall be
reasonably related to the transactions contemplated herein and shall not
interfere unnecessarily with normal operations. NBT and NBT Bank shall hold
all information furnished by or acquired from CNB or CNB Bank or
representatives pursuant to this Agreement in confidence to the extent
required by, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Confidentiality
Agreements.   8.2. Monthly and Quarterly Financial Statements; Minutes of
Meetings and Other Materials.   (a) CNB and CNB Bank will continue to
prepare all of the monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial
reports to regulatory authorities for the months and quarterly periods ending
between April 1, 2001 and the Effective Time which it customarily prepared
during the period between January 1, 1998 and March 31, 2001 and shall
promptly provide NBT with copies of all such financial statements and
reports, which NBT shall hold in confidence to the extent required by the
Confidentiality Agreements. All of such financial statements and reports,
including the related notes, schedules, and memorandum items, will have been
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied in all material respects (except
that Consolidated Reports of Condition and Consolidated Reports of Income
required to be filed by CNB Bank under federal law may be prepared
in accordance with the official instructions applicable thereto at the time
of filing).   (b) Except with respect to materials or other information
or portions thereof that are privileged, or with respect to which CNB and CNB
Bank are otherwise legally or contractually prohibited from doing so, CNB and
CNB Bank shall promptly provide NBT with (i) all of its periodic reports
to directors and to stockholders, whether or not such reports were prepared
or distributed in connection with a meeting of the board of directors or a
meeting of the   -29-    stockholders, prepared or distributed between
the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, and (ii) all minutes of
meetings of its board of directors and stockholders which meetings take place
between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, certified by the
secretary or cashier or an assistant secretary or assistant cashier of CNB or
CNB Bank, as the case may be.   (c) From the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, CNB shall, contemporaneously with its filing with the SEC of
any periodic or current report pursuant to section 13 of the Exchange Act,
deliver such report to NBT.   8.3. Extraordinary Transactions. Without the
prior written consent of NBT, neither CNB nor CNB Bank will, on or after the
date of this Agreement: (a) declare or pay any cash dividends or property
dividends with respect to any class of its capital stock, with the exception
of (i) subject to the dividend-coordination provisions of section 2.14 of
this Agreement, customary periodic cash dividends paid by CNB to holders of
its common stock in amounts not exceeding $0.09 per share per calendar
quarter and at intervals that are not shorter than past practice and (ii)
customary cash dividends paid by CNB Bank whose amounts have not exceeded
past practice and at intervals that are not shorter than past practice; (b)
declare or distribute any stock dividend, authorize a stock split, authorize,
issue, or make any distribution of its capital stock or any other securities
(except for issuances of CNB Common Stock (i) upon exercise of stock options
outstanding on the date of this Agreement and (ii) in connection with the CNB
Plans or Dividend Reinvestment Plan), or grant any options to acquire such
additional securities; (c) except as set forth in Schedule 8.3(c) hereto,
merge into, consolidate with, or sell or otherwise dispose of its assets
other than in the ordinary course of its business to any other Person, or
enter into any other transaction or agree to effect any other transaction not
in the ordinary course of its business except as explicitly contemplated
herein; (d) convert the charter or form of entity of CNB Bank from that in
existence on the date of this Agreement to any other charter or form
of entity; (e) make any direct or indirect redemption, purchase, or
other acquisition of any of its capital stock except for stock repurchased
for use in its Dividend Reinvestment Plan; (f) except in the ordinary course
of its business or to accomplish the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, make any contract or agreement, incur any liability or obligation,
make any commitment or disbursement, acquire or dispose of any property or
asset, pay or become obligated to pay any legal, accounting, or miscellaneous
other expense, or engage in any transaction; (g) other than in the ordinary
course of business, subject any of its properties or assets to any lien,
claim, charge, option, or encumbrance; (h) except as set forth in Schedule
8.3(h) hereto, enter into or assume any one or more commitments to make
capital expenditures, any of which individually or in the aggregate exceed
$50,000; (i) except for increases in the ordinary course of business in
accordance with past practices, which together with all other compensation
rate increases do not exceed 4.5 percent per annum of the aggregate payroll
as of June 14, 2001, increase the rate of compensation of any employee or
enter into any agreement to increase the rate of compensation of any
employee; (j) except as provided in this Agreement or the Service
and Noncompetition Agreement among CNB, NBT and Donald L. Brass or as
otherwise required by law, or to receive intended tax treatment or benefits,
create or modify any pension or profit sharing plan, bonus, deferred
compensation, death benefit, or retirement plan, or the level of benefits
under any such plan, or increase or decrease any severance or termination pay
benefit or any other fringe benefit; or (k) enter into any employment or
personal services contract with any Person, including any contract,
agreement, or arrangement described in section 7.34 hereof, except directly
to facilitate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
-30-      8.4. Preservation of Business. Except as otherwise provided for
by this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement or consented to or approved
by NBT, each of CNB and CNB Bank will (a) carry on its business and manage
its assets and properties diligently and substantially in the same manner as
heretofore; (b) use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve its business
organization intact, to keep available its present employees except as
otherwise consented to by NBT, and to preserve its present relationships with
customers and others having business dealings with it; (c) not amend its
articles of incorporation or bylaws; (d) carry out the actions described in
Schedule 8.4(d) hereto on or before the Effective Time; and (e) not grant or
expand any stockholders\' rights to dissent from any merger.   8.5. Comfort
Letter. At the time of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, but
prior to the mailing of the proxy materials, and at the Effective Time, CNB
shall furnish NBT with a letter from KPMG, in its capacity as the independent
auditors of CNB, in form and substance acceptable to NBT, stating that (a)
they are independent accountants with respect to CNB within the meaning of
the Securities Act and the published rules and regulations thereunder, (b) in
their opinion the consolidated financial statements of CNB included in the
Registration Statement and examined by them comply as to form in all material
respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act
and the published rules and regulations thereunder, and (c) a reading of
CNB\'s audited consolidated financial statements and the latest available
unaudited consolidated financial statements of CNB and unaudited financial
statements of CNB Bank and inquiries of certain officials of CNB and CNB Bank
responsible for financial and accounting matters as to transactions
and events since the date of the most recent consolidated statement of
condition included in their most recent audit report with respect to CNB did
not cause them to believe that (i) such latest available unaudited
consolidated financial statements are not stated on a basis consistent with
that followed in CNB\'s audited consolidated financial statements or (ii)
except as disclosed in the letter, at a specified date not more than five
business days prior to the date of such letter, there was any change in
CNB\'s capital stock or any change in consolidated long-term debt or any
decrease in the consolidated net assets of CNB or the consolidated allowance
for loan and lease losses of CNB as compared with the respective amounts
shown in the most recent CNB audited consolidated financial statements. The
letter shall also cover such other matters pertaining to CNB\'s and CNB
Bank\'s financial data and statistical information included in the
Registration Statement as may reasonably be requested by NBT.   8.6.
Affiliates Agreements.   (a) CNB will furnish to NBT (i) a list of all
persons known to CNB who at the date of this Agreement and (ii) if different
from the list required by section 8.6(a)(i), a list of all persons known to
CNB who at the date of the CNB Stockholder Meeting may be deemed to be
"affiliates" of CNB within the meaning of Rule 145 under the Securities Act
and for purposes of qualifying the Holding Company Merger for "pooling of
interests" accounting treatment.   (b) CNB will use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause each such "affiliate" of CNB to deliver to NBT on or before
the date of this Agreement (or, in the case of any person who becomes an
"affiliate" of CNB after the date of this Agreement, not later than the
earlier of the Effective Time or the date ten days after such person becomes
an "affiliate" of CNB) an Affiliates Agreement.   -31-     8.7. Pooling
Treatment. CNB shall deliver to KPMG such certificates or representations as
KPMG may reasonably request to enable it to deliver the Pooling Letters.  
8.8. Stockholders\' Meeting. CNB shall hold a meeting of its stockholders in
accordance with the BCL as promptly as possible after the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement, to consider and vote upon the adoption of this
Agreement. Subject to its fiduciary duty to stockholders, the board of
directors of CNB shall not withdraw its approval of this Agreement and shall
recommend to its stockholders that it be approved, ratified,
and confirmed.   8.9. Inconsistent Activities. Unless and until the Holding
Company Merger has been consummated or this Agreement has been terminated in
accordance with its terms, neither CNB nor CNB Bank will authorize or permit
any of its officers, directors, employees or agents to directly or indirectly
solicit, initiate or encourage any inquiries relating to, or the making of
any proposal which constitutes, an Alternative Proposal, or recommend or
endorse any Alternative Proposal, or (except as permitted in clause (i) or
clause (ii) below or the proviso that follows them) otherwise facilitate any
effort or attempt to make or implement an Alternative Proposal, or, except to
the extent its Board of Directors determines to be legally required for the
discharge of its fiduciary duties (i) participate in any discussions or
negotiations, or (ii) provide third parties with any nonpublic information,
relating to any such inquiry or proposal; provided, however, that CNB may
communicate information about any such Alternative Proposal to its
shareholders if, in the judgment of CNB\'s Board of Directors, after
consultation with outside counsel, such communication is necessary in order
to comply with its fiduciary duties to CNB\'s shareholders required under
applicable law. CNB will take all actions necessary or advisable to inform
the appropriate individuals or entities referred to in the first sentence
hereof of the obligations undertaken herein. CNB will notify NBT promptly if
any such inquiries or Alternative Proposals are received by, any such
information is requested from, or any such negotiations or discussions
are sought to be initiated or continued with, CNB, and CNB will promptly
inform NBT in writing of all of the relevant details with respect to the
foregoing.   8.10. Subsequent Events. Until the Effective Time, each of CNB
and CNB Bank will immediately advise NBT and NBT Bank in a detailed written
notice of any fact or occurrence or any pending or threatened occurrence of
which it obtains Knowledge and which (if existing and known at the date of
the execution of this Agreement) would have been required to be set forth or
disclosed in or pursuant to this Agreement which (if existing and known at
any time prior to or at the Effective Time) would make the performance by CNB
or CNB Bank of a covenant contained in this Agreement impossible or make such
performance materially more difficult than in the absence of such fact or
occurrence, or which (if existing and known at the time of the Effective
Time) would cause a condition to NBT\'s or NBT Bank\'s obligations under this
Agreement not to be fully satisfied.   8.11. New York Taxes.   (a) No
later than the fifth business day before the anticipated Effective Time, CNB
and CNB Bank shall (i) pay all fees and taxes (including penalties and
interest) administered by the department of taxation and finance of the State
of New York which are due and payable as of the date of such payment or which
are anticipated to become due and payable between such date and the
anticipated Effective Time, and (ii) file a cessation franchise tax
report (estimated or final) through the anticipated Effective Time.  
-32-      (b) CNB and CNB Bank shall timely prepare and file
any declaration or filing necessary to comply with any transfer tax statutes
that require any such filing before the Effective Time.   8.12. Section 16.
CNB shall, reasonably promptly following the date hereof, provide to NBT a
list of (a) the directors and officers (as such terms are used under section
16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder)
of CNB, (b) the number of shares of NBT Common Stock and options thereon
expected to be received pursuant to the Merger, as appropriate, by each such
officer or director at the Effective Time on account of shares of CNB Common
Stock, and options thereon, reasonably expected to be held by such directors
and officers immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (c) a description
of the material terms of such options. Prior to the Effective Time, (a) the
CNB Board of Directors shall take such actions consistent with the
SEC\'s interpretive guidance to approve the disposition of CNB Common Stock,
and options thereon, by each director and officer of CNB for purposes of
Rule 16b-3(e) such that the deemed "sale" of such CNB Common Stock and
options thereon by such persons pursuant to the Merger shall be exempt from
liability pursuant to section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, and (b) the NBT
Board of Directors shall take such action consistent with the SEC\'s
interpretive guidance to approve the acquisition of NBT Common Stock by each
director and officer of NBT for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the Exchange
Act such that the deemed "purchase" of such NBT Common Stock, and options
thereon, by such persons pursuant to the Merger shall be exempt from
liability pursuant to section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.   8.13. Actions
with Respect to Options. At or prior to the Closing the Personnel Committee
of the Board of Directors of CNB shall have taken all necessary action to
permit the Converted Options issued pursuant to the CNB Incentive Stock
Option Plan, or pursuant to any other stock option plan or agreement of CNB,
to be converted into Replacement Options as provided in section 2.10
hereof.  9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NBT AND NBT BANK. 
--------------------------------------------------   NBT (with respect to
itself and NBT Bank) and NBT Bank (solely with respect to itself) each
represent and warrant to CNB and CNB Bank as follows:   9.1. Organization,
Powers, and Qualification. Each of NBT and each NBT Subsidiary is a
corporation which is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets,
to lease properties used in its business, and to carry on its business as now
conducted. Each of NBT and each NBT Subsidiary owns or possesses in
the operation of its business all franchises, licenses, permits,
branch certificates, consents, approvals, waivers, and other
authorizations, governmental or otherwise, which are necessary for it to
conduct its business as now conducted, except for those where the failure of
such ownership or possession would not have a Material Adverse Effect on NBT.
Each of NBT and each NBT Subsidiary is duly qualified and licensed to do
business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction with respect to which
the failure to be so qualified or licensed would have a Material Adverse
Effect on NBT.   -33-     9.2. Execution and Performance of Agreement.
Each of NBT and NBT Bank has all requisite corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its terms. NBT has all
requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Stock
Option Agreement and to perform its terms.   9.3. Absence of
Violations.   (a) Neither NBT nor any NBT Subsidiary is (i) in violation
of its respective charter documents or bylaws, (ii) in violation of any
applicable federal, state, or local law or ordinance or any order, rule, or
regulation of any federal, state, local, or other governmental agency or
body, or (iii) in violation of or in default with respect to any order, writ,
injunction, or decree of any court, or in default under any order, license,
regulation, or demand of any governmental agency, except, in the case of (ii)
or (iii), for such violations or defaults which in the aggregate would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on NBT; and neither NBT nor any NBT Subsidiary
has received any claim or notice of violation with respect thereto.   (b)
Neither NBT nor any NBT Subsidiary nor any director or officer of any of them
is a party to any assistance agreement, supervisory agreement, memorandum of
understanding, consent order, cease and desist order or condition of any
regulatory order or decree with or by the Board of Governors, the OCC, the
FDIC, the SEC, any other banking or securities authority of the United States
or the State of New York or the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, or any other
regulatory agency that relates to the conduct of the business of NBT or any
NBT Subsidiary or their assets; and no such agreement, memorandum,
order, condition, or decree is pending or, to the Knowledge of NBT and NBT
Bank, threatened.   9.4. Compliance with Agreements. Neither NBT nor any
NBT Subsidiary is in violation of any term of any security agreement,
mortgage, indenture, or any other contract, agreement, instrument, lease, or
certificate, except for such violations which in the aggregate would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on NBT.   9.5. Binding Obligations; Due
Authorization. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and
the Stock Option Agreement, and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby have been duly and validly authorized by the board of directors of
each of NBT and NBT Bank. Other than approval, ratification and confirmation
of this Agreement by the stockholders of NBT, no other corporate proceedings
on the part of either NBT or NBT Bank are necessary to authorize this
Agreement, the Merger, the Stock Option Agreement, the receipt of the stock
options contemplated by the Stock Option Agreement, the subsequent exercise
of the stock options thereby issued, the Bank Merger, and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement,
or the carrying out of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of NBT and NBT Bank
and constitutes the valid, legal, and binding obligation of each of NBT and
NBT Bank, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, and other laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights, to the supervisory
and enforcement powers of applicable regulatory agencies, and to general
equity principles. The Stock Option Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by NBT and constitutes the valid, legal, and binding obligation of
NBT.   -34-      9.6. Absence of Default. None of the execution or the
delivery of this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement, the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the compliance with or
fulfillment of the terms hereof or thereof, will (a) conflict with, or result
in a material breach of any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of, or
constitute a default under the organizational documents or bylaws of NBT or
any NBT Subsidiary; (b) conflict with, or result in a material breach of the
terms, conditions, or provisions of, or constitute a material violation or
default under, or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, or
acceleration with respect to, or result in the creation of any lien, charge,
or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of NBT or any NBT
Subsidiary pursuant to, any material agreement or instrument under which it
is obligated or by which any of its properties or assets may be bound,
including any material lease, contract, mortgage, promissory note, deed of
trust, loan, credit arrangement, or other commitment or arrangement of it,
except for such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, rights of
termination, cancellation, or acceleration, or results described in this
section 9.6(b) which in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on NBT; (c) if the Holding Company Merger is approved by the Board of
Governors under the BHC Act, or if the Board of Governors waives its
jurisdiction over the Holding Company Merger, and if the Bank Merger
is approved by the OCC, violate any law, statute, rule, or regulation of
any government or agency to which NBT or any NBT Subsidiary is subject and
which is material to its operations; (d) violate any judgment, order, writ,
injunction, decree, or ruling to which it or any of its properties or assets
is subject or bound; or (e) require any material authorization, consent,
approval, or exemption by any Person which has not been obtained, or any
material notice or filing which has not been given or done, other than
approval of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by, notices to,
or filings with the Board of Governors, the OCC, the SEC, the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware, and the Secretary of State of the State of
New York, and filings referred to in section 8.12 hereof.   9.7. Compliance
with BHC Act.   (a) NBT is duly registered as a bank holding company under
the BHC Act. NBT has duly declared its election as a financial holding
company under the BHC Act, and such declaration of election has become
effective. All of the activities and investments of NBT conform to the
requirements applicable generally to financial holding companies under the
BHC Act and the regulations of the Board of Governors adopted thereunder.  
(b) To the Knowledge of NBT, no Person, other than NBT, is registered or is
required to be registered as a bank holding company under the BHC Act by
virtue of its control over NBT Bank or over any Person that directly or
indirectly has control over NBT Bank.   9.8. Capital Structure.   (a) The
authorized capital stock of NBT consists of (i) 2,500,000 shares of NBT
Preferred Stock, of which, as of the date of this Agreement, no shares are
issued or outstanding, and (ii) 50,000,000 shares of NBT Common Stock, of
which, as of the date of this Agreement, 24,914,150 shares have been duly
issued and are validly outstanding and fully paid,   -35-    and 398,538
shares of NBT Common Stock held by NBT as treasury shares. Such shares of NBT
Preferred Stock and NBT Common Stock are the only voting securities of NBT
authorized, issued, or outstanding as of such date.   (b) None of the shares
of NBT Common Stock has been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of
any stockholder.   (c) As of the date hereof, to the Knowledge of NBT and
NBT Bank, and except for this Agreement, there are no stockholder agreements,
or other agreements, understandings, or commitments relating to the right of
any holder or beneficial owner of more than 1 percent of the issued and
outstanding shares of any class of the capital stock of NBT or NBT Bank to
vote or to dispose of his, her or its shares of capital stock of NBT or NBT
Bank.   9.9. Books and Records. The books and records of each of NBT and
each NBT Subsidiary fairly reflect the transactions to which it is a party or
by which its properties are subject or bound. Such books and records have
been properly kept and maintained and are in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable legal and accounting requirements.   9.10.
Regulatory Approvals and Filings, Contracts, Commitments, etc. NBT has made
available to CNB:   (a) All regulatory approvals received since January 1,
1995, of NBT and NBT Bank relating to all bank and nonbank acquisitions or
the establishment of de novo operations;   (b) All material employment
retention, or non-competition contracts and all material NBT Plans
accompanied by (i) any agreements, including trust agreements, embodying such
contracts, plans, or arrangements, (ii) the executed governing documents,
including the related trust agreement, insurance policy and summary plan
description for each NBT Plan, if any, (iii) the most recent and prior two
years\' actuarial and financial reports if the NBT Plan constitutes a
"qualified plan" under section 401(a) of the Code, and (iv) the most recent
and prior two years\' Form 5500 with all schedules, (v) all IRS rulings and
determination letters issued or filed within the past two years and any open
requests for such rulings and letters, (vi) all employee manuals relating to
employment and benefit policies and practices (whether or not distributed to
employees or any of them), and (vii) any actuarial reports and audits
relating to such contracts, plans, and arrangements;   (c) All material
contracts, agreements, leases, mortgages, and commitments to which NBT or any
NBT Subsidiary is a party or may be bound; or, if any of the same be oral,
true, accurate, and complete written summaries of all such oral contracts,
agreements, leases, mortgages, and commitments;   (d) All deeds, leases,
contracts, agreements, mortgages, and commitments to which NBT or any NBT
Subsidiary is a party or may be bound and which relate to land, buildings,
fixtures, or other real property upon or within which NBT or any NBT
Subsidiary operates its businesses or is authorized to operate its
businesses, or with respect to which NBT or any NBT Subsidiary has any
application pending for authorization to operate its businesses;  
-36-      (e) Except as disclosed in Section 9.10(e) hereto, any
pending application, including any documents or materials related thereto,
which has been filed by NBT or NBT Bank with any federal or state regulatory
agency with respect to the establishment of a new office or the acquisition
or establishment of any additional banking or nonbanking subsidiary; and  
(f) All federal, state, and local Tax Returns, including any amended returns,
filed by NBT or any NBT Subsidiary for the years 1997 through 2000, the most
recent audit examination of each of NBT and NBT Bank by the IRS, and all
correspondence or other documents with respect to any IRS examination that
has not yet been resolved, the most recent state or local tax
agency examination, if any, of each of NBT and NBT Bank, and all
correspondence or other documents with respect to any state or local taxing
authority examination that has not yet been resolved, and all tax rulings,
closing agreements, settlement agreements, or similar documents with respect
to NBT or NBT Bank received from or entered into with the IRS or any other
taxing authority since January 1, 1991 or that would have continuing effect
after the Effective Time.   9.11. Financial Statements. NBT has furnished to
CNB the NBT Financial Statements. Each of the consolidated financial
statements included in the NBT Financial Statements complied as to form in
all material respects with GAAP and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto and fairly presented the consolidated financial
position of NBT and its subsidiaries as of its date, and each of the
consolidated statements of income, of stockholders\' equity, and of cash
flows included in the NBT Financial Statements fairly presented the results
of operations, stockholders\' equity, and cash flows of NBT and its
subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein (subject, in the case
of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments), in each case
in accordance with GAAP, during the periods involved, except as may be
noted therein.   9.12. Nasdaq Reporting. Trading of NBT Common Stock is
reported on the Nasdaq National Market.   9.13. Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities.   (a) At March 31, 2001, neither NBT nor any NBT Subsidiary
had any obligation or liability of any nature (whether absolute,
accrued, contingent, or otherwise, and whether due or to become due) which
was material, or which when combined with all similar obligations or
liabilities would have been material, to NBT, except (i) as disclosed in the
NBT Financial Statements, (ii) as set forth on Schedule 9.13 hereto, or (iii)
for liabilities incurred by NBT or NBT Bank in the ordinary course of their
business consistent with past practice.   (b) Since March 31, 2001, neither
NBT nor any NBT Subsidiary has incurred or paid any obligation or liability
that would be material on a consolidated basis to NBT, except (i) for
obligations incurred or paid in connection with transactions by it in the
ordinary course of its business consistent with past practices, (ii) as set
forth on Schedule 9.13 hereto, or (iii) as expressly contemplated herein.  
9.14. Absence of Certain Developments. Since March 31, 2001, there has been
(i) no Material Adverse Effect upon NBT and (ii) no declaration,
setting aside, or payment by NBT of   -37-    any regular dividend,
special dividend, or other distribution with respect to any class of capital
stock of NBT, other than, subject to the dividend-coordination provisions of
section 2.14 of this Agreement, customary cash dividends paid by NBT whose
amounts have not exceeded $0.17 per share per calendar quarter and the
intervals between which dividends have not been more frequent than past
practice.   9.15. Conduct of Business. Since March 31, 2001, each of NBT and
each NBT Subsidiary has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of
such business and consistent with past practice.   9.16. Tax Matters.  
(a) All Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of NBT or any NBT
Subsidiary have been timely filed with the appropriate governmental agencies
in all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are required to be filed, or
requests for extensions have been timely filed, granted, and have
not expired. All such filed Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all
material respects and properly reflect Taxes for the periods covered thereby.
All Taxes shown or required to be shown on such filed Tax Returns have been
paid. Except as disclosed in Section 9.16 hereto, none of NBT or any NBT
Subsidiary has instituted any refund litigation or received notice of any
pending audit examination, deficiency, or tax claim or any notice of
assessment or proposed assessment by the IRS or any other taxing authority
that might result in a determination adverse to NBT or a NBT Subsidiary,
except as adequately reserved against in the last balance sheet included in
the NBT Financial Statements. All Taxes due with respect to completed and
settled examinations or concluded litigation have been properly accrued or
paid.   (b) Neither NBT nor any NBT Subsidiary has executed an extension or
waiver of any statute of limitations on the assessment or collection of any
Tax due that is currently in effect.   (c) To the extent any Taxes are due
from, but have not yet been paid by, NBT or a NBT Subsidiary for the period
or periods beginning January 1, 2001 or thereafter through and including the
Effective Time, adequate provision on an estimated basis has been made for
the payment of such taxes by establishment of appropriate tax liability
accounts on the financial statements of NBT.   (d) To the Knowledge of NBT
and NBT Bank, other than liens arising under the laws of the State of New
York or the State of Pennsylvania with respect to Taxes assessed and not yet
due and payable, there are no tax liens on any of the properties or assets of
NBT or the NBT Subsidiaries.   (e) Except to the extent that any failure is
not material, NBT and NBT Bank (i) have timely filed all information returns
or reports required to be filed with respect to Taxes, (ii) have properly and
timely provided to all Persons, other than taxing authorities, all
information reports or other documents (for example, Form 1099s and Form
W-2s) required to be provided to such Persons under applicable Tax law, and
(iii) have exercised due diligence in obtaining certified taxpayer
identification numbers as required under applicable Tax law.  
-38-      (f) NBT and the NBT Subsidiaries have in all material
respects satisfied all federal, state, local, and foreign withholding tax
requirements including income, social security, and employment tax
withholding.   (g) Neither NBT nor any NBT Subsidiary (i) is, or has been,
a member of a group filing a consolidated, combined, or unitary tax return,
other than a group the common parent of which is or was NBT, or (ii) has any
liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than NBT and the NBT
Subsidiaries) under Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of
state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or
otherwise.   9.17. Employee Benefit Plans. Each of the NBT Plans complies in
all material respects with the requirements of applicable law, including
ERISA and the Code. No liability under Title IV of ERISA has been incurred by
NBT or any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that together with
NBT or any NBT Subsidiary would be deemed a "single employer" under section
414 of the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate"), that has not been satisfied in full,
and no condition exists that presents a material risk to NBT or any ERISA
Affiliate of incurring any such liability. Full payment has been made, or
will be made in accordance with section 404(a)(6) of the Code of all amounts
that NBT or any ERISA Affiliate is required to pay under section 412 of the
Code or under the terms of the NBT Plans, and no accumulated funding
deficiency (within the meaning of section 412 of the Code) exists with
respect to any NBT Plan.   9.18. Reports. Since January 1, 1998, each of NBT
and each NBT Subsidiary has effected all registrations and filed all reports
and statements, together with any amendments required to be made with respect
thereto, which it was required to effect or file with (a) the Board of
Governors, (b) the OCC, (c) the FDIC, (d) the United States Department of the
Treasury, (e) the SEC, and (f) any other governmental or regulatory authority
or agency having jurisdiction over its operations. No such registration,
report, or document filed with the SEC, including the financial statements,
exhibits, and schedules thereto contains any untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. All other such registrations, reports, and documents were
prepared in accordance with the applicable statutes, regulations, and
instructions in existence as of the date of filing of such reports in all
material respects.   9.19. Legal Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the NBT
Financial Statements or as set forth on Schedule 9.19 hereto, there is no
claim, action, suit, arbitration, investigation, or other proceeding pending
before any court, governmental agency, authority or commission, arbitrator,
or "impartial mediator" (of which NBT or any NBT Subsidiary has been served
with process or otherwise been given notice) or, to the Knowledge of NBT and
NBT Bank, threatened or contemplated against or affecting it or its property,
assets, interests, or rights, or any basis therefor of which notice has been
given, which, if adversely determined, would be reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect upon NBT.   9.20. Absence of Governmental
Proceedings. Neither NBT nor any NBT Subsidiary is a party defendant or
respondent to any pending legal, equitable, or other proceeding commenced by
any governmental agency and, to the Knowledge of NBT and NBT Bank, no such
proceeding is threatened.   -39-      9.21. Federal Deposit
Insurance.   (a) The deposits held by NBT Bank are insured within
statutory limits by the Bank Insurance Fund of the FDIC pursuant to the
provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (12 U.S.C.ss.
1811 et seq.), and NBT Bank has paid all regular premiums and special
assessments and filed all related reports and statements required under the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act.   (b) NBT Bank is a member of and pays
insurance assessments to the BIF, and its deposits are insured by the BIF.
None of the deposits of NBT Bank are insured by the SAIF, and NBT Bank pays
no insurance assessments to the SAIF.   9.22. Labor Matters. Neither NBT
nor any NBT Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining
contracts with respect to any employees of NBT or the NBT Subsidiaries. Since
their respective inceptions there has not been, nor to the Knowledge of NBT
and NBT Bank has there been or is there threatened, any strike, slowdown,
picketing, or work stoppage by any union or other group of employees against
NBT or any NBT Subsidiary or any of its premises, or any other labor trouble
or other occurrence, event, or condition of a similar character. As of the
date hereof, neither NBT nor NBT Bank has Knowledge of any attempts to
organize a collective bargaining unit to represent any of its employee
groups.   9.23. Employee Relations. No dispute exists between NBT or any
NBT Subsidiary and any of its employee groups regarding any employee
organization, wages, hours, or conditions of employment which would have a
Material Adverse Effect on NBT.   9.24. Environmental Liability. Except as
disclosed in Schedule 9.24 hereto:   Neither NBT nor any NBT Bank has
received any written notice of any legal, administrative, arbitral or other
proceeding, claim or action and, to the Knowledge of NBT and NBT Bank, there
is no governmental investigation of any nature ongoing, in each case that
could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition, on NBT or NBT Bank
of any liability arising under any Environmental Law, which liability would
have a Material Adverse Effect on NBT or NBT Bank; to the Knowledge of NBT or
NBT Bank, there are no facts or circumstances which could reasonably be
expected to form the basis for any such proceeding, claim, action or
governmental investigation that would impose any such liability; and neither
NBT nor any NBT Bank is subject to any agreement, order, judgment, decree or
memorandum by or with any court, governmental authority, regulatory agency or
third party imposing any such liability.   9.25. Accounting and Federal
Income Taxation. NBT and NBT Bank are aware of no reason why the Holding
Company Merger will fail to qualify for "pooling of interests" accounting
treatment or as a reorganization under section 368(a) of the Code.   9.26.
Brokers and Advisers. Other than with respect to MBandD;, (a) there are no
claims for brokerage commissions, finder\'s fees, or similar
compensation arising out of or due to any act of NBT or NBT Bank in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or based upon
any agreement or arrangement made by or on behalf of NBT or NBT Bank; and (b)
neither NBT nor NBT Bank has entered into any agreement or understanding with
any party relating to financial advisory services provided or to be provided
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
-40-     9.27. Regulatory and Other Approvals. As of the date hereof,
neither NBT nor NBT Bank has Knowledge of any reason why the parties hereto
would not be able to obtain:   (a) all material consents and approvals from
all regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, as are necessary for (i) consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) the continuation after
the Effective Time of the business of CNB and CNB Bank as such business is
carried on immediately prior to the Effective Time, free of any conditions or
requirements which would have a Material Adverse Effect upon NBT; and   (b)
all material consents and approvals from all other Persons and entities whose
consent or approval are necessary for (i) consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or (ii) the continuation after the Effective
Time of the business of CNB and CNB Bank as such business is carried on
immediately prior to the Effective Time.   10. COVENANTS OF NBT AND NBT
BANK.  -----------------------------   NBT (on behalf of itself and NBT
Bank) and NBT Bank (on behalf of itself) each hereby covenant and agree as
follows:   10.1. Rights of Access. From the date hereof to the Effective
Time, NBT shall give to CNB and to its representatives, including its
certified public accountants, KPMG, full access during normal business hours
to all of the properties, documents, contracts, books, and records of NBT and
the NBT Subsidiaries, and such information with respect to their business
affairs and properties as CNB or CNB Bank from time to time may reasonably
request, provided, however, that such access be pursuant to reasonable notice
and any investigation shall be reasonably related to the transactions
contemplated herein and shall not interfere unnecessarily with normal
operations. CNB and CNB Bank shall hold all information furnished by or
acquired from NBT or NBT Bank or representatives pursuant to this Agreement
in confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the
provisions of the Confidentiality Agreements.   10.2. Securities Reports.
From the date hereof to the Effective Time, NBT shall, contemporaneously with
the filing with the SEC of any periodic or current report pursuant to section
13 of the Exchange Act, deliver such report to CNB.   10.3. Pooling
Treatment. NBT shall deliver to KPMG such certificates or representations as
KPMG may reasonably request to enable it to deliver the Pooling Letters.  
10.4. Stockholders\' Meeting. NBT shall hold a meeting of its stockholders in
accordance with the GCL as promptly as possible after the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement, to consider and vote upon the adoption of this
Agreement. Subject to its fiduciary duty to stockholders, the board of
directors of NBT shall not withdraw its approval of this Agreement and shall
recommend to its stockholders that it be approved, ratified, and
confirmed and that the issuance of shares of NBT Common Stock pursuant to
this Agreement be approved.   -41-      10.5. Nasdaq Approval. NBT
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the shares of NBT Common
Stock to be issued in the Holding Company Merger to be approved for inclusion
on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance, prior
to the Effective Time.   10.6. Options. At or prior to the Effective Time,
NBT shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a
sufficient number of shares of NBT Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of
Converted Options assumed by it in accordance with section 2.10 hereof. As
soon as practicable after the Effective Time, NBT shall file a registration
statement on Form S-8 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act (or any
successor or other appropriate form) with respect to the NBT Common Stock
subject to such options and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement or registration
statements (and maintain the current status of the prospectus or prospectuses
contained therein) for so long as such options remain outstanding. With
respect to those individuals who immediately prior to the Effective Time are
affiliated with CNB and who subsequent to the Effective Time will be subject
to the reporting requirements under section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, where
applicable, NBT shall administer the plans related to the Converted Option in
a manner that complies with Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act.   10.7. Indemnification.   (a) Following the Effective Time neither
NBT nor NBT Bank will take any action to abrogate or diminish any right
accorded under the charter documents or by-laws of CNB or CNB Bank as they
existed immediately prior to the Effective Time to any person who, at or
prior to the Effective Time, was a director or officer of CNB or CNB Bank to
indemnification from or against losses, expenses, claims, demands, damages,
liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, costs, expenses (including
reasonable attorneys fees) and amounts paid in settlement pertaining to or
incurred in connection with any threatened or actual action, suit, claim, or
proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitration, or
investigative) arising out of events, matters, actions, or omissions
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time. To the extent not provided by
the foregoing, following the Effective Time and to the extent permitted by
law, all rights to such indemnification accorded under the charter documents
and by-laws of CNB or CNB Bank to any person who, at or prior to
the Effective Time, was a director or officer of CNB or CNB Bank shall
survive the Effective Time and, following the Holding Company Merger and the
Bank Merger, to the extent permitted by law, NBT and NBT Bank will honor such
obligations in accordance with their terms with respect to events, acts, or
omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time.   (b) In the event of any
threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation,
whether civil, criminal or administrative, including, without limitation, any
such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation in which any person who
is now, or has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement, or who
becomes prior to the Effective Time, a director or officer of CNB or CNB Bank
(the "Indemnified Parties") is, or is threatened to be, made a party based in
whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to
(i) the fact that he is or was a director, officer or employee of CNB or CNB
Bank, or any CNB Subsidiary or any of their respective predecessors or (ii)
this Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the   -42-     Option Agreement or
any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, whether in any case
asserted or arising before or after the Effective Time, the parties hereto
agree to cooperate and use their best efforts to defend against and respond
thereto. On and after the Effective Time, NBT shall indemnify and hold
harmless, as and to the fullest extent permitted by law, each
such Indemnified Party against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
costs, expenses (including reasonable attorney\'s fees and expenses in
advance of the final disposition of any claim, suit, proceeding or
investigation to each Indemnified Party to the fullest extent permitted by
law upon receipt of any undertaking required by applicable law), judgments,
fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any such threatened
or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, and in the event
of any such threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation (whether asserted or arising before or after the Effective
Time), the Indemnified Parties may retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to
them after consultation with NBT.   (c) NBT, from and after the Effective
Time will cause the persons who served as directors or officers of CNB on or
before the Effective Time to be covered by CNB\'s existing directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance policy (provided that NBT may substitute
therefor policies of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms
and conditions which are not less advantageous than such policy) with respect
to acts or omissions resulting from their service as such on or prior to the
Effective Time. Such insurance coverage shall commence at the Effective Time
and will be provided for a period of no less than six years after the
Effective Time. Such insurance coverage shall be underwritten either by the
underwriter of NBT\'s current directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
policy or by an insurance company rated at least A+ by A.M. Best Co. In the
event that more than 5% of the aggregate insurance coverage provided herein
is used in any year during the aforementioned 6-year period, NBT shall give
notice of this fact to all persons who were directors of CNB at the time of
the Closing.    (d) In the event NBT or any of its successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be
the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its
properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, to the
extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of NBT assume the obligations set forth in this section 10.7.   (e)
The provisions of this section 10.7 are intended to be for the benefit of,
and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and their respective
heirs and representatives and shall be in addition to the
provisions regarding indemnification and insurance contained in the GCL, in
contracts or otherwise.   10.8. Subsequent Events. Until the Effective
Time, each of NBT and NBT Bank will immediately advise CNB and CNB Bank in a
detailed written notice of any fact or occurrence or any pending or
threatened occurrence of which it obtains Knowledge and which (if existing
and known at the date of the execution of this Agreement) would have been
required to be set forth or disclosed in or pursuant to this Agreement which
(if existing and known at any time prior to or at the Effective Time) would
make the performance by NBT or NBT Bank of a covenant contained in this
Agreement impossible or make such performance materially more difficult than
in the absence of such fact or occurrence, or which (if existing and known at
the time of the Effective Time) would cause a condition to CNB\'s or CNB
Bank\'s obligations under this Agreement not to be fully satisfied.  
-43-      10.9. Employee Matters.   (a) NBT agrees that except for
certain identified individuals each person who is an employee of CNB, or any
CNB Subsidiary, as of the Closing (individually, a "Continuing Employee" and
collectively, the "Continuing Employees") shall be an employee of NBT or one
of its affiliates immediately following the Closing. After the Closing, each
Continuing Employee, while employed by NBT or one of its affiliates, shall be
employed (i) at a base salary or base hourly wage that is not less than that
which such Continuing Employee was receiving immediately prior to the
Closing, and (ii) on terms and conditions that are no less favorable to the
Continuing Employee than those applicable to other similarly situated
employees of NBT and its affiliates; provided, that for the period from the
Closing to the first calendar-year end following the Closing the terms and
conditions currently applicable to such Continuing Employees as employees of
CNB or any CNB Subsidiary shall be applicable and shall be deemed to satisfy
this section 10.9(a)(ii).   (b) During the period from the Effective Time
through the last day of the calendar-year in which the Effective Time falls,
the Continuing Employees shall continue to be covered under the CNB Plans on
the terms and conditions currently applicable to such Continuing Employees
under the CNB Plans. Commencing on the first day of the calendar year
following the year in which the Effective Time falls, NBT shall cause the
Continuing Employees, while employed by NBT or any of its affiliates, to be
eligible to participate in NBT Plans that provide employee benefits
(including pension, welfare, incentive or deferred compensation, severance,
stock option plans, vacation pay and other fringe benefits) that are not less
favorable to the Continuing Employees than those afforded to other similarly
situated employees of NBT and its affiliates.   (c) A reasonable period of
time prior to the Effective Time, CNB shall make a good faith determination
of the extent to which the Performance Measurement Goals (as defined in the
CNB Financial Corp. Incentive Compensation Plan (the "ICP")), the Performance
Appraisal Objectives (as defined in the ICP), and any other goals or
objectives under the ICP (collectively, the "Performance Goals") that are
applicable to each employee who holds an outstanding Award under the ICP have
been satisfied as of the date of such determination (the "Determination
Date"). In making such determinations CNB shall make such equitable
adjustments to the Performance Goals as it deems appropriate in good faith to
reflect the impact of actions taken pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise
agreed to by NBT and CNB. NBT shall pay, or cause to be paid, to
each Continuing Employee who has an outstanding Award under the ICP at the
Effective Time, the amount that would be paid to the Continuing Employee
under the Award assuming that the Performance Goals applicable to such
Continuing Employee under the ICP were satisfied for the entire Award Period
at the same level as the Performance Goals were deemed to be satisfied as of
the Determination Date but only if such Continuing Employee is still in the
employ of NBT or any of its affiliates on the last day of the semi-annual
period in which the Effective Time occurs unless the Continuing Employee\'s
employment has been terminated without cause (as defined in the ICP) during
such period. Such payments shall be made on the first business day after the
last day of the applicable Award Period (as defined in the ICP), provided  
-44-    that if NBT or one of its affiliates terminates a Continuing
Employee\'s employment without cause (as defined in the ICP) prior to the
last day of the applicable Award Period, NBT shall pay, or cause to be paid,
to the Continuing Employee on the date of the Continuing Employee\'s
termination of employment the full amount that would have been paid to the
Continuing Employee had the Continuing Employee remained employed by NBT
until the last day of the Award Period. The provisions of this Section
10.9(c) shall apply notwithstanding any contrary provisions of the ICP.  
(d) NBT shall cause the NBT Plans that cover the Continuing Employees or any
of their dependents or beneficiaries to treat the employment and service of
the Continuing Employees with CNB or any CNB Subsidiary and any predecessor
employers through the Closing as employment and service with NBT and its
affiliates for all purposes (other than for purposes of accrual of
benefits, except to the extent that accruals in respect of employment and
service after the Effective Time are based, in whole or in part, on prior
employment or service, in which case such prior employment and service shall
be counted) under the NBT Plans that cover Continuing Employees. The
Continuing Employees and their dependents and beneficiaries shall not be
required for calendar year 2001 (and calendar year 2002 if the Effective Time
does not occur prior to January 1, 2002) to satisfy any deductible, co-
payment, out-of-pocket maximum or similar requirements under the NBT Plans
that provide medical, dental and other welfare benefits to the extent of
amounts previously credited for such purposes under the medical, dental and
other welfare benefit plans of CNB or CNB Bank that covered the Continuing
Employees prior to the Closing, and any waiting periods, pre-existing
condition exclusions and requirements to show evidence of good health
contained in such NBT Plans shall not apply with respect to the Continuing
Employees and their dependents and beneficiaries except to the extent they
applied under the corresponding CNB Plans. The Continuing Employees shall be
entitled to an appropriate cash payment in lieu of credit under NBT\'s and
its affiliates\' vacation plans or policies for all unused vacation credited
to the Continuing Employees as of the Closing, but shall not carry over
vacation credits as such.   (e) If a Continuing Employee\'s employment is
terminated by NBT or any of its affiliates without cause (as defined in the
ICP) (i) on or prior to the first anniversary of the Closing, or such later
date as may be specified in the Schedule 10.9(e) hereto, such Continuing
Employee shall be entitled to severance benefits from NBT and its affiliates
that are not less than the severance benefits specified in Schedule 10.9(e)
attached hereto, and (ii) after the first anniversary of the Closing, such
Continuing Employee shall be entitled to severance benefits from NBT and its
affiliates in accordance with the severance plans and policies of NBT and its
affiliates, as in effect from time-to-time thereafter. For purposes of this
Section 10.9(e) and Section 10.9(c), a Continuing Employee\'s voluntary
termination of employment shall be deemed to be a termination of employment
by NBT and its affiliates if (i) the Continuing Employee\'s employment
position with NBT and its affiliates after the Effective Time is not
substantially comparable to the Continuing Employee\'s employment position
immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) the Continuing Employee\'s
employment location is more than 25 miles for the Continuing Employee\'s
employment location immediately prior to the Effective Time, or (ii) the
Continuing Employee\'s base pay or base hourly wage is reduced below
the Continuing Employee\'s base pay or base hourly wage in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time.   -45-     (f) NBT shall honor all the
obligations under those agreements listed in Schedule 10.9(f) hereto. NBT
acknowledges that the closing of the Holding Company Merger will constitute a
"Change of Control" within the meaning of the stock option agreements entered
into between CNB and employees and former employees of CNB and the CNB
Subsidiaries, except as provided on Schedule 10.9(f) hereof.   10.10. New
York Taxes. NBT and NBT Bank shall timely prepare and file any declaration or
filing necessary to comply with any transfer tax statutes that require any
such filing before the Effective Time.   10.11. Comfort Letter. At the time
of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, but prior to the mailing
of the proxy materials, and at the Effective Time, NBT shall furnish CNB with
a letter from KPMG, in its capacity as the independent auditors of NBT, in
form and substance acceptable to CNB, stating that (a) they are independent
accountants with respect to NBT within the meaning of the Securities Act and
the published rules and regulations thereunder, (b) in their opinion the
consolidated financial statements of NBT included in the Registration
Statement and examined by them comply as to form in all material respects
with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the
published rules and regulations thereunder, and (c) a reading of NBT\'s
audited consolidated financial statements and the latest available unaudited
consolidated financial statements of NBT and unaudited financial statements
of NBT Bank and inquiries of certain officials of NBT and NBT Bank
responsible for financial and accounting matters as to transactions
and events since the date of the most recent consolidated statement of
condition included in their most recent audit report with respect to NBT did
not cause them to believe that (i) such latest available unaudited
consolidated financial statements are not stated on a basis consistent with
that followed in NBT\'s audited consolidated financial statements or (ii)
except as disclosed in the letter, at a specified date not more than five
business days prior to the date of such letter, there was any change in
NBT\'s capital stock or any change in consolidated long-term debt or any
decrease in the consolidated net assets of NBT or the consolidated allowance
for loan and lease losses of NBT as compared with the respective amounts
shown in the most recent NBT audited consolidated financial statements. The
letter shall also cover such other matters pertaining to NBT\'s and NBT
Bank\'s financial data and statistical information included in the
Registration Statement as may reasonably be requested by CNB.   10.12.
Limitation on Other Transactions. From the date hereof until the Effective
Time or until this Agreement otherwise is terminated in accordance with its
terms, NBT will not merge with, acquire all or a substantial portion of the
assets or liabilities of, or acquire control over, any other firm,
financial institution, bank, corporation, or organization except as pursuant
to any agreement in effect prior to the date hereof or as consented to by
CNB, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.   11. CLOSING. 
-------   11.1. Place and Time of Closing. Closing shall take place at
the principal executive offices of NBT, 52 South Broad Street, Norwich, New
York, or such other place as the parties choose, commencing at 10:00 a.m.,
local time, on the date of the Effective Time, provided that all conditions
precedent to the obligations of the parties hereto to close have then been
met or waived.   -46-     11.2. Events To Take Place at Closing. At the
Closing, the following actions will be taken:   (a) Such certificates and
other documents as are required by this Agreement to be executed and
delivered at or prior to the Effective Time and have not been so executed and
delivered, and such other certificates and documents as are mutually deemed
by the parties to be otherwise desirable for the effectuation of the Closing,
will be so executed and delivered; and then   (b) the Holding Company Merger
and the issuance of shares incident thereto shall be effected; provided,
however, that the administrative and ministerial aspects of the issuance of
shares incident to the Holding Company Merger will be settled as soon
thereafter as shall be reasonable under the circumstances; and,
simultaneously with the effectuation of the Holding Company Merger, the Bank
Merger shall be effected.  12. TERMINATION, DAMAGES FOR BREACH, WAIVER, AND
AMENDMENT.  ------------------------------------------------------   12.1.
Termination by Reason of Lapse of Time. This Agreement may be terminated by
any party on or after March 31, 2002, by instrument duly authorized and
executed and delivered to the other parties, unless (a) the Effective Time
shall have occurred on or before such date or (b) the failure of the
Effective Time to have occurred on or before such date has been due to
the failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement, or to the
failure of its affiliated party, to perform or observe its covenants and
agreements as set forth herein.   12.2. Grounds for Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated by written notice of termination at any time
before the Effective Time (whether before or after action by stockholders of
CNB or NBT):   (a) by mutual consent of the parties hereto;   (b) by NBT,
upon written notice to CNB given at any time (i) if any of the
representations and warranties of CNB or CNB Bank contained in section 7
hereof was materially inaccurate when made or (ii) in the event of a material
breach or material failure by CNB or CNB Bank of any covenant or agreement of
CNB or CNB Bank contained in this Agreement which has not been, or cannot be,
cured within thirty days after written notice of such breach or failure is
given to CNB or CNB Bank, as the case may be, and, in the case of (i) or
(ii), which inaccuracy, breach, or failure, if continued to the
Effective Time, would result in any condition set forth in section 5 hereof
not being satisfied;   (c) by CNB, upon written notice to NBT given at any
time (i) if any of the representations and warranties of NBT or NBT Bank
contained in section 9 hereof was materially inaccurate when made or (ii) in
the event of a material breach or material failure by NBT or NBT Bank of any
covenant or agreement of NBT or NBT Bank contained in this Agreement which
has not been, or cannot be, cured within thirty days after written notice of
such   -47-    breach or failure is given to NBT or NBT Bank, as the
case may be, and, in the case of (i) or (ii), which inaccuracy, breach, or
failure, if continued to the Effective Time, would result in any condition
set forth in section 6 hereof not being satisfied;   (d) by either NBT or
CNB upon written notice given to the other if a court of competent
jurisdiction has issued a final and nonappealable order prohibiting the
Holding Company Merger;   (e) by either NBT or CNB upon written notice given
to the other if any of the approvals referred to in section 4.1 are denied
and such denial has become final and nonappealable;   (f) by either NBT or
CNB upon written notice given to the other if the stockholders of either NBT
or CNB shall have voted on and failed to adopt this Agreement, at the meeting
of such stockholders called for such purpose; or   (g) by either NBT or CNB
upon written notice given to the other if NBT shall have been advised by KPMG
that KPMG is unable to deliver its favorable opinion under section 5.6 of
this Agreement, unless the inability of KPMG to deliver such opinion is due
to the action or inaction of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement or
one or more of the affiliates, directors, officers, or stockholders of that
party.   12.3. Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination
and abandonment hereof pursuant to the provisions of section 12.1 or section
12.2, this Agreement shall become void and have no force or effect, without
any liability on the part of NBT, NBT Bank, CNB, CNB Bank, or their
respective directors or officers or stockholders in respect of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the provisions of sections
13.1, 13.4, 13.5, 13.6, 13.9, 13.10, 13.11, 13.12, 13.13, 13.14, and 13.15
shall survive; (b) if such termination is a result of the willful material
breach or willful material failure by a party of a covenant or agreement
hereunder, such that the conditions to closing of the terminating party could
not be satisfied, such party who willfully and materially breached or
willfully and materially failed to perform its covenant or agreement shall be
liable in the amount of $750,000 to the other party or parties hereto that
are not affiliated with it (it being understood and agreed for the purposes
of the preceding clause that NBT and NBT Bank are parties that are affiliated
with each other and that CNB and CNB Bank are parties that are affiliated
with one another); and (c) if (i) this Agreement is terminated for any reason
specified in section 12.2(b)(ii) of this Agreement after an Alternative
Proposal has been made, or if CNB or CNB Bank shall not consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by reason of an Alternative
Proposal being or having been made, and (ii) a definitive agreement with
respect to an Alternative Proposal is executed by CNB or CNB Bank within one
year after such termination, then in addition to any amount payable or
paid under section 12.3(b), CNB shall be liable to NBT for liquidated damages
in the further amount of $5,000,000, which amount will be payable to NBT in
immediately available funds within two business days after such amount
becomes due. CNB acknowledges that the agreements contained in section
12.3(c) are an integral part of the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement and that, without these agreements, NBT would not enter into this
Agreement.   -48-      12.4. Waiver of Terms or Conditions. Any of the
terms or conditions of this Agreement may be waived at any time prior to the
Effective Time by the party which is, or whose stockholders are, entitled to
the benefit thereof, and the other parties hereto may rely on the delivery of
such a waiver as conclusive evidence of such judgment and the validity of the
waiver.   12.5. Amendment. Anything herein or elsewhere to the
contrary notwithstanding, to the extent permitted by law, this Agreement and
the exhibits hereto may be amended, supplemented, or interpreted at any time
prior to the Effective Time by written instrument duly authorized and
executed by each of the parties hereto; provided, however, that, except as
specifically provided herein or as may be approved by such stockholders, this
Agreement may not be amended after:   (a) the action by stockholders of CNB
in any respect that would change (i) the amount or kind of shares,
obligations, cash, property, or rights to be received in exchange for or on
conversion of the CNB Common Stock or (ii) any of the terms and conditions of
this Agreement if the change would materially adversely affect the
stockholders of CNB, or   (b) the action by stockholders of NBT in any
respect that would change (i) the amount or kind of shares, obligations,
cash, property, or rights to be received in exchange for the NBT Common Stock
to be delivered in the Holding Company Merger or (ii) any of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement if the change would materially adversely affect
the stockholders of NBT.   13. GENERAL PROVISIONS.  ------------------  
13.1. Allocation of Costs and Expenses. Except as provided in this section
13.1, each party hereto shall pay its own fees and expenses, including the
fees and expenses of its own counsel and its own accountants and
tax advisers, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby. For purposes of this section, (a) the cost
of printing the Joint Proxy Statement shall be apportioned between NBT and
CNB based upon the number of copies each shall request to be printed, (b) the
cost of delivering the Joint Proxy Statement and other material to be
transmitted to stockholders of NBT shall be deemed to be incurred on behalf
of NBT, (c) the cost of delivering the Joint Proxy Statement and other
material to be transmitted to stockholders of CNB shall be deemed to be
incurred on behalf of CNB, (d) the cost of registering under federal and
state securities laws the stock of NBT to be received by the stockholders of
CNB shall be deemed to be incurred on behalf of NBT, and (e) the cost of
procuring the tax opinion referred to in section 4.5 of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be incurred one-half by NBT and one-half by CNB.   13.2.
Mutual Cooperation.   (a) Subject to the terms and conditions herein
provided, each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts, and shall
cooperate fully with the other party, in expeditiously carrying out the
provisions of this Agreement and in expeditiously making all filings and
obtaining all necessary governmental approvals, and as soon as practicable
shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such
governmental notifications and additional documents and instruments and do or
cause to be done all additional things necessary, proper, or advisable under
applicable law to consummate and make effective on the earliest practicable
date the transactions contemplated hereby.   -49-      (b) As promptly
as practicable after the date hereof, NBT and CNB shall cooperate in the
preparation of the Joint Proxy Statement to be mailed to the shareholders of
NBT and CNB in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and to be filed by NBT as part of the Registration
Statement. NBT and CNB shall cooperate in the preparation of the Registration
Statement and shall file with the SEC the Registration Statement and cause
the Registration Statement to become effective as promptly as practicable
after the date hereof. NBT will advise CNB, promptly after it receives notice
thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto has become effective or any supplement or amendment has
been filed, of the issuance of any stop order, of the suspension of
qualification of the NBT Common Stock issuable in connection with the
Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threat
of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any comments or request by the
SEC for the amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or for
additional information. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event
shall occur that should be set forth in an amendment of or a supplement to
the Registration Statement or the Joint Proxy Statement, NBT and CNB shall
cooperate with each other in the preparation of any amendment or supplement
thereto, and each shall notify the other of the receipt of any comments of
the SEC with respect to the Registration Statement or the Joint Proxy
Statement and of any requests by the SEC for any amendment or supplement
thereto or for additional information, and shall provide to the other
promptly copies of all correspondence between NBT or CNB, as the case may be,
or any of its representatives with respect to the Registration Statement or
the Joint Proxy Statement. NBT shall give CNB and its counsel the opportunity
to review the Registration Statement and all responses to requests for
additional information by and replies to comments of the SEC before their
being filed with, or sent to, the SEC, and NBT shall prepare and file with
the SEC such amendment or supplement as soon thereafter as is reasonably
practicable. Each of CNB and NBT agrees to use its best efforts, after
consultation with the other parties hereto, to respond promptly to all such
comments of and requests by the SEC and to cause (x) the
Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC at the earliest
practicable time and to be kept effective as long as is necessary to
consummate the Holding Company Merger, and (y) the Joint Proxy Statement to
be mailed to the holders of CNB Common Stock and NBT Common Stock entitled to
vote at the meetings of the stockholders of CNB and NBT at the earliest
practicable time. NBT shall take all actions necessary to register or qualify
the shares of NBT Common Stock to be issued in the Merger pursuant to all
applicable state "blue sky" or securities laws and shall maintain such
registrations or qualifications in effect for all purposes hereof.   (c) As
promptly as practicable after the date hereof, and after a reasonable
opportunity for review by counsel to CNB, NBT shall submit any requisite
applications for prior approval of, and notices with respect to,
the transactions contemplated herein, to the Board of Governors pursuant to
the BHC Act and the OCC pursuant to the Bank Merger Act, and each of the
parties hereto shall, and they shall cause their respective subsidiaries to,
submit any applications, notices or other filings to any other state or
federal government agency, department or body the approval of which is
required for consummation of the Holding Company Merger and the Bank Merger.
NBT will proceed diligently and in good faith to obtain the requisite
regulatory approvals.   -50-      (d) Subject to the terms and
conditions herein provided, and except in each case as may be required by
applicable law, no party shall take any action or omit to take any action
which taking of action or omission of action is intended or may reasonably be
expected to result in any of its representations and warranties set forth in
this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect at any time
prior to the Effective Time, or in any of the conditions to the obligations
of any unaffiliated party hereunder not being satisfied, or in a violation of
any provision of this Agreement.   (e) Prior to the Effective Time, the
parties shall cooperate, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause their respective data processing service providers to cooperate, to
complete all reasonable steps for an orderly transfer of all applicable data
tapes and processing information, and to facilitate an electronic and
systematic conversion of all applicable data regarding CNB Bank to NBT\'s
system of electronic data processing by the next business day following the
Effective Time. Each party shall bear its own costs associated with the
transfer of tapes and information and the conversion of data. Prior to the
Effective Time, CNB Bank will provide all test tapes and reports necessary to
complete the transfer and will provide a test tape and deconversion reports
within fifteen days of the date of this Agreement, a preliminary tape and set
of deconversion reports six weeks prior to the anticipated Effective Time,
and an updated preliminary tape and set of deconversion reports no more than
two weeks prior to the anticipated Effective Time. CNB Bank shall also
arrange the delivery to NBT at the main office of NBT (or at such other
location as has been designated in writing by NBT no later than five business
days before the anticipated Effective Time) no later than 6:00 a.m. Eastern
time on the day immediately following the Effective Time, two duplicate final
data processing conversion file packages and deconversion reports in an
industry standard format.   (f) No party hereto shall take or fail to take,
or cause or permit its Subsidiaries to take or fail to take, or to the best
of its ability permit to be taken or omitted to be taken by any third
persons, any action that would adversely affect the qualification of the
Merger for "pooling of interests" accounting treatment or as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; provided that nothing
herein contained shall preclude NBT from exercising its rights under the
Stock Option Agreement. In the event that either party has taken any action,
whether before, on or after the date hereof, that would adversely affect such
qualification, each party shall take such action as the other party may
reasonably request to cure such effect to the extent curable without a
Material Adverse Effect on either of the parties.   13.3. Form of Public
Disclosures. NBT and CNB shall use commercially reasonable efforts to agree
in advance upon the form and substance of all public disclosures concerning
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.   13.4.
Confidentiality. NBT, NBT Bank, CNB, CNB Bank, and their respective
subsidiaries shall use all information that each obtains from the other
pursuant to this Agreement solely for the effectuation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement,
or for other purposes consistent with the intent of this Agreement, including
the enforcement of rights provided under this Agreement and the Stock Option
Agreement. Neither NBT, NBT Bank, CNB, CNB Bank, nor their respective
subsidiaries shall use any of such information for any other purpose,
including the competitive detriment of any other party. NBT and NBT Bank, on
the one hand, and CNB and CNB Bank, on the other hand, shall  
-51-    maintain as strictly confidential all information each of them
learns from the other and shall, at any time after termination of this
Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, upon the request of the other,
return promptly to it all documentation provided by it or made available to
third parties. Each of the parties may disclose such information to its
respective affiliates, counsel, accountants, tax advisers, and consultants,
provided that such parties are advised of the confidential nature of such
information and agree to be bound be the terms of this section 13.4. The
confidentiality agreement contained in this section 13.4 and the
Confidentiality Agreements shall remain operative and in full force and
effect, and shall survive the termination of this Agreement.   13.5. Claims
of Brokers.   (a) Each of CNB and CNB Bank shall indemnify, defend, and
hold NBT and NBT Bank harmless for, from, and against any claim, suit,
liability, fees, or expenses (including attorneys\' fees and costs of court)
arising out of any claim for brokerage commissions, finder\'s fees, or
similar compensation arising out of or due to any of its or his acts in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or based upon
any agreement or arrangement made by it or on its behalf with respect to NBT
or NBT Bank.   (b) Each of NBT and NBT Bank shall indemnify, defend, and
hold CNB and CNB Bank harmless for, from, and against any claim, suit,
liability, fees, or expenses (including attorneys\' fees and costs of court)
arising out of any claim for brokerage commissions, finder\'s fees, or
similar compensation arising out of or due to any of its acts in connection
with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or based upon any
agreement or arrangement made by it or on its behalf with respect to CNB or
CNB Bank.   13.6. Information for Applications and Registration
Statement.   (a) Each party represents and warrants that all
information concerning it which is included in any statement and application
(including the Registration Statement) made to any governmental agency in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not
contain an untrue statement of a material fact with respect to such party or
omit any material fact with respect to such party required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements made with respect to such party,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
party so representing and warranting will indemnify, defend, and hold
harmless each of the others, each of its directors and officers, each
underwriter and each Person, if any, who controls it within the meaning of
the Securities Act, for, from and against any and all losses, claims, suits,
damages, expenses, or liabilities to which any of them may become subject
under applicable laws (including the Securities Act and the Exchange Act) and
rules and regulations thereunder and will reimburse them for any legal or
other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating
or defending any actions whether or not resulting in liability, insofar as
such losses, claims, damages, expenses, liabilities, or actions arise out of
or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in any such application or statement or arise out of
or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a
material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary in order to make
the statements therein not misleading, but only insofar as any such statement
or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
furnished   -52-     in writing by the representing and warranting
party expressly for use therein. Each party agrees at any time upon the
request of the other to furnish to the other a written letter or statement
confirming the accuracy of the information provided by it and contained in
any proxy statement, registration statement, report, or other application or
statement, and confirming that the information contained in such document was
furnished expressly for use therein or, if such is not the case, indicating
the inaccuracies contained in such document or draft or indicating the
information not furnished expressly for use therein. The indemnity agreement
contained in this section 13.6(a) shall remain operative and in full force
and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any of
the other parties, and shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby.   (b) To provide for
just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnity
agreement contained in section 13.6(a) of this Agreement is for any reason
held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable as to any or
every party, then the parties in such circumstances shall contribute to the
aggregate losses, claims, damages, and liabilities (including any
investigation, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any
amounts paid in settlement of, any action, suit, or proceeding or any claims
asserted) to which any party may be subject in such proportion as the court
of law determines based on the relative fault of the parties.   13.7.
Adjustments for Certain Events. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding, all prices per share, share amounts, per-share amounts, and
exchange ratios referred to in this Agreement shall be appropriately adjusted
to account for stock dividends, split-ups, mergers, recapitalizations,
combinations, conversions, exchanges of shares or the like, but not for
normal and recurring cash dividends declared or paid in a manner consistent
with the established practice of the payer.   13.8. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts each of which shall be
deemed to constitute an original, but such counterparts together shall be
deemed to be one and the same instrument and to become effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties hereto. It shall
not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement or any counterpart hereof
to produce or account for the other counterpart.   13.9. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with
respect to their commitments to one another and their undertakings vis-a-vis
one another on the subject matter hereof. Except for the Confidentiality
Agreements, any previous agreements or understandings among the parties
regarding the subject matter hereof are merged into and superseded by this
Agreement. Except as set forth in sections 10.7 and 10.9, nothing in this
Agreement express or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon
or to give any Person other than NBT, NBT Bank, CNB, CNB Bank, and their
respective stockholders any rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Agreement.   13.10. Survival of Representations, Warranties, and Covenants.
None of the representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements in this
Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement (other
than the Stock Option Agreement, which shall terminate in accordance with its
terms), shall survive the Effective Time, except for sections 10.6, 10.7,
10.9, 13.6, 13.10, and those other covenants and agreements contained herein
and therein which by their terms apply in whole or in part after the
Effective Time.   -53-     13.11. Interpretation. Article titles,
headings to sections and any table of contents are inserted for convenience
of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the
meaning or interpretation hereof. The schedules and exhibits referred to
herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this Agreement to
the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein. As used herein,
"include," "includes" and "including" are deemed to be followed by "without
limitation" whether or not they are in fact followed by such words or words
of like import; "writing," "written" and comparable terms refer to printing,
typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form;
references to a Person are also to its successors and assigns; except as the
context may otherwise require, "hereof," "herein," "hereunder" and comparable
terms refer to the entirety hereof and not to any particular article, section
or other subdivision hereof or attachment hereto; references to any gender
include the other; except as the context may otherwise require, the singular
includes the plural and vice versa; references to any agreement or other
document are to such agreement or document as amended and supplemented from
time to time; references to "article," "section" or another subdivision or to
an "Exhibit" or "Schedule" are to an article, section or subdivision hereof
or an "Exhibit" or "Schedule" hereto. The parties acknowledge that each party
and its counsel have reviewed and revised this Agreement and that the normal
rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation,
construction and enforcement of this Agreement or any amendment, schedule or
exhibit hereto.   13.12. Notices. All notices, consents, waivers, or other
communications which are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or by messenger or
transmitted by express courier. All communications shall be addressed to the
appropriate address of each party as follows:  If to NBT or NBT Bank:  
NBT Bancorp Inc.  52 South Broad Street  Norwich, New York 13815  
Attention: Mr. Daryl R. Forsythe  Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer  With a required copy to:   Brian D. Alprin, Esq.  Duane, Morris
and Heckscher LLP  1667 K Street, N.W., Suite 700  Washington, D.C. 20006  
-54-     If to CNB or CNB Bank:   CNB Financial Corp.  24 Church
Street  Canajoharie, New York   Attention: Mr. Donald L. Brass 
President  With a required copy to:   Steven Kaplan, Esq.  Arnold and
Porter  555 Twelfth Street, N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20004    All such
notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date delivered,
transmitted, or mailed in the manner provided above.   13.13. Availability
of Equitable Remedies. Since a breach of the provisions of this Agreement
could not adequately be compensated by money damages, any party shall be
entitled, either before or after the Effective Time, in addition to any other
right or remedy available to it, to an injunction restraining such breach or
threatened breach and to specific performance of any such provision of this
Agreement, and, in either case, no bond or other security shall be required
in connection therewith, and the parties hereby consent to the issuance of
such an injunction and to the ordering of specific performance.   13.14.
Choice of Law and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to the principles of conflict of law thereof, except that the BCL (in
the case of CNB) shall govern with respect to the terms and conditions of the
Holding Company Merger, the approval and effectiveness thereof, and the
authorization, cancellation, or issuance of the stock or options of CNB with
respect thereto. The parties hereby designate New Castle County, Delaware to
be the proper jurisdiction and venue for any suit or action arising out of
this Agreement. Each of the parties consents to personal jurisdiction in such
venue for such a proceeding and agrees that it may be served with process in
any action with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
thereby by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or, in the
case of NBT, to its registered agent for service of process in the State of
Delaware. Each of the parties irrevocably and unconditionally waives and
agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, not to plead any objection
that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue or the convenience
of the forum of any action or claim with respect to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated thereby brought in the courts aforesaid.   13.15.
Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and their
respective successors and assigns.    -55-      IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written.   NBT BANCORP INC.    By: 
-------------------------------------  Daryl R. Forsythe  Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer    NBT BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION    By: 
-------------------------------------  Daryl R. Forsythe  Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer    CNB FINANCIAL CORP.    By: 
-------------------------------------  Mr. Donald L. Brass 
President     CNB NATIONAL BANK    By: 
-------------------------------------  Mr. Donald L. Brass  President and
Chief Executive Officer     -56-      EXHIBIT I  ---------  
AFFILIATES AGREEMENT  --------------------   THIS AGREEMENT (the
"Agreement") dated as of June 19, 2001 between NBT Bancorp Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("NBT"), and the undersigned stockholder (the "Stockholder") of
CNB Financial Corp., a New York corporation ("CNB"),   W I T N E S S E T
H:   WHEREAS, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
June 19, 2001, by and among NBT, NBT Bank, National Association, CNB, and
CNB National Bank (the "Plan"), each share of the common stock of CNB ("CNB
Common Stock") held by the Stockholder will be canceled and converted into
the right to receive shares of common stock of NBT ("NBT Common Stock") and
cash in lieu of fractional shares as determined pursuant to the Plan upon
consummation and as a result of the merger of CNB into NBT as contemplated by
the Plan (the "Merger"); and   WHEREAS, the Stockholder understands that
the shares of NBT Common Stock into which his, her or its shares of CNB
Common Stock will be or may be converted in the Merger are being issued in a
transaction subject to Rule 145 ("Rule 145") of the General Rules and
Regulations promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
("Securities Act"); and whereas the Stockholder further understands that,
pursuant to the provisions of section 8.6 of the Plan, he, she, or it has
been designated as a holder of CNB Common Stock who may be deemed to be an
"affiliate" of CNB as that term is defined in paragraph (c) of Rule 145 and,
in view of such designation, may be subject to certain restrictions under the
Securities Act and the General Rules and Regulations thereunder with respect
to the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or other disposition of any shares
of NBT Common Stock issued to him, her, or it in the Merger, including the
requirement that such shares may not be offered for sale or sold except (1)
pursuant to an effective Registration Statement under the Securities Act or
(2) in accordance with the requirements of paragraph (d) of Rule 145 or
another applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
NOW, THEREFORE, NBT and the Stockholder, intending to be legally
bound hereby, agree as follows:   1. The Stockholder hereby represents,
warrants and agrees that he or she will not, directly or indirectly, offer
for sale, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, or cause to be offered for
sale, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, any shares of NBT Common
Stock to be acquired in the Merger except in accordance with (1) the
provisions of the Securities Act and the General Rules and Regulations
thereunder, including, but not limited to, Rule 145(d), (2) any applicable
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (3) any
other similar federal and state requirement then in force.      2. All
notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or by
messenger or transmitted by express courier, addressed:   (a) if to NBT:  
NBT Bancorp Inc.  52 South Broad Street  Norwich, New York 13815  
Attention: Mr. Daryl R. Forsythe  President and Chief Executive Officer  
With a required copy to:   Brian D. Alprin, Esq.  Duane, Morris and Heckscher
LLP  1667 K Street, N.W., Suite 700  Washington, D.C. 20006-1608   (b) if
to the Stockholder, at the address set forth after the Stockholder\'s
signature below or to such other address as either party may from time to
time designate to the other in writing.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.   NBT
BANCORP INC. STOCKHOLDER   By: 
------------------------------------------  Michael J. Chewens  Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Address:  Officer and Corporate Secretary
------------------   JOINT OWNER (if any)    
---------------------------   -2-      EXHIBIT II  ----------   BANK
MERGER AGREEMENT  ---------------------   AGREEMENT OF MERGER    This
Agreement of Merger is made and entered into as of June [___], 2001, between
NBT BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("NBT Bank"), a national banking association
organized under the laws of the United States, and CNB NATIONAL BANK ("CNB
Bank"), a national banking association organized under the laws of the United
States. NBT Bank and CNB Bank are hereinafter sometimes individually called a
"Constituent Association" and collectively called the
"Constituent Associations."   RECITALS   NBT Bank is a national banking
association organized under the laws of the United States. As of [______],
2001, the authorized capital stock of NBT Bank consisted of [________] shares
of Common Stock, $5.00 par value, of which [_____] shares were issued and
outstanding; no shares of capital stock were held in its treasury on such
date.   CNB Bank is a national banking association organized under the laws
of the United States. As of [_____], 2001, the authorized capital stock of
CNB Bank consisted of [______] shares of CNB Bank Common Stock, [______] par
value ("CNB Bank Common Stock"), of which [____] shares were issued and
outstanding; no shares of capital stock were held in its treasury on such
date.   NBT Bank and CNB Bank and their respective stockholders have
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 19, 2001 (the "Plan
of Merger"), setting forth certain representations, warranties, and
agreements in connection with the transactions therein and herein
contemplated, which contemplates the merger of CNB Bank with and into NBT
Bank (the "Merger") in accordance with this Agreement of Merger (the
"Agreement").   The Boards of Directors of each of NBT Bank and CNB Bank
deem the Merger advisable and in the best interests of each association and
its stockholders. The Boards of Directors of each of NBT Bank and CNB Bank,
by resolutions duly adopted, have approved this Agreement. The Boards of
Directors of each of NBT Bank and CNB Bank have directed that this Agreement,
and authorization for the transactions contemplated hereby, be submitted
to stockholders of NBT Bank and CNB Bank respectively for approval.   In
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein
contained and subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the
parties hereto hereby covenant and agree as follows:      ARTICLE I  
1.1. Merger of CNB Bank into NBT Bank. CNB Bank shall be merged with and into
NBT Bank on the date and at the time to be specified in documentation to be
filed by NBT Bank with the Comptroller of the Currency pursuant to
the National Bank Act (such date and time being referred to herein as the
"Effective Time").   1.2. Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time:  
(a) CNB Bank and NBT Bank shall be a single association, which shall be NBT
Bank. NBT Bank is hereby designated as the surviving association in the
Merger and is hereinafter sometimes called the "Surviving Association."  
(b) The separate existence of CNB Bank shall cease.   (c) The currently
outstanding [____] shares of common stock of NBT Bank, each of $[____] par
value, will remain outstanding as shares of the $[____] par value common
stock of NBT Bank, and the holders of such stock shall retain their present
rights.   (d) The shares of CNB Bank Common Stock shall be canceled.   (e)
The Surviving Association shall have all the rights, privileges, immunities,
and powers and shall assume and be subject to all the duties and liabilities
of a national banking association organized under the National Bank Act.  
(f) The Surviving Association shall thereupon and thereafter possess all of
the rights, privileges, immunities, and franchises, of a public as well as of
a private nature, of each of the Constituent Associations; and all property,
real, personal, and mixed, and all debts due on whatever account, including
subscriptions to shares and all other choses in action, and all and every
other interest of and belonging to or due to each of the
Constituent Associations shall be taken and deemed to be transferred to and
vested in the Surviving Association without further act or deed; and the
title to any real estate, or any interest therein, vested in either of the
Constituent Associations shall not revert or be in any way impaired by reason
of the Merger.   (g) The Surviving Association shall thenceforth be
responsible and liable for all the liabilities and obligations of each of the
Constituent Associations; and any claim existing or action or proceeding
pending by or against either of the Constituent Associations may be
prosecuted as if the Merger had not taken place, or the Surviving Association
may be substituted in its place. The Surviving Association expressly assumes
and agrees to perform all of the liabilities and obligations of CNB Bank.
Neither the rights of creditors nor any liens upon the property of either
Constituent Association shall be impaired by the Merger.   -2-     
(h) The name of the Surviving Association shall be "NBT Bank, National
Association."   (i) The Articles of Association of NBT Bank as they
exist immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Articles of
Association of the Surviving Association until later amended pursuant to the
laws of the United States.   (j) The By-Laws of NBT Bank as they exist
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving
Association until later amended pursuant to the laws of the United
States.   1.3. Acts to Carry Out This Merger Plan.   (a) CNB Bank and its
proper officers and directors shall and will do all such acts and things as
may be necessary or proper to vest, perfect, or confirm title to such
property or rights in NBT Bank and otherwise to carry out the purposes of
this Agreement.   (b) If, at any time after the Effective Time, NBT Bank
shall consider or be advised that any further assignments or assurances in
law or any other acts are necessary or desirable to (i) vest, perfect, or
confirm, of record or otherwise, in NBT Bank its right, title, or interest in
or under any of the rights, properties, or assets of CNB Bank acquired or to
be acquired by NBT Bank as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger, or
(ii) otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement, CNB Bank and its
proper officers and directors shall be deemed to have granted to NBT Bank an
irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver all such proper deeds,
assignments, and assurances in law and to do all acts necessary or proper to
vest, perfect, or confirm title to and possession of such rights, properties,
or assets in NBT Bank and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement; and the proper officers and directors of NBT Bank are fully
authorized in the name of CNB Bank or otherwise to take any and all such
action.   ARTICLE II   2.1. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in two or more counterparts each of which shall be deemed to constitute an
original, but such counterparts together shall be deemed to be one and the
same instrument and to become effective when one or more counterparts have
been signed by each of the parties hereto. It shall not be necessary in
making proof of this Agreement or any counterpart hereof to produce or
account for the other counterpart.   2.2. Section Headings. The section and
subsection headings herein have been inserted for convenience of reference
only and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions
hereof. Any reference to a "person" herein shall include an individual, firm,
corporation, partnership, trust, government or political subdivision or
agency or instrumentality thereof, association, unincorporated organization,
or any other entity.   -3-      2.3. Choice of Law and Venue. This
Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of
conflict of law thereof. The parties hereby designate New Castle County,
Delaware to be the proper jurisdiction and venue for any suit or action
arising out of this Agreement. Each of the parties consents to personal
jurisdiction in such venue for such a proceeding and agrees that it may be
served with process in any action with respect to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated thereby by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, or to its registered agent for service of process
in the State of Delaware. Each of the parties irrevocably and unconditionally
waives and agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, not to plead any
objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue or the
convenience of the forum of any action or claim with respect to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby brought in the courts
aforesaid.   2.4. Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon
the parties and their respective successors and assigns.   2.5. Amendment.
Anything herein or elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent
permitted by law, this Agreement may be amended, supplemented, or interpreted
at any time prior to the Effective Time by written instrument duly authorized
and executed by each of the parties hereto.   2.6. Termination. This
Agreement shall terminate and be abandoned upon (i) termination of the Plan
of Merger or (ii) the mutual consent of NBT Bank and CNB Bank at any time
prior to the Effective Time, and there shall be no liability on the part of
either of the parties hereto (or any of their respective officers or
directors) except to the extent provided in the Plan of Merger.   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written.   NBT BANK, NATIONAL  ASSOCIATION    By: 
-------------------------------------  Mr. Daryl R. Forsythe  Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer    CNB NATIONAL BANK    By: 
-------------------------------------  Donald L. Brass  President and Chief
Executive Officer   -4-       EXHIBIT III  -----------   STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENT  ----------------------    STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (the
"Agreement"), dated as of the 19th day of June, 2001 between NBT BANCORP
INC., a Delaware corporation ("Grantee"), and CNB FINANCIAL CORP., a New York
corporation ("Issuer").   RECITALS   WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, Grantee and Issuer have entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 19, 2001 (the "Merger
Agreement"); and   WHEREAS, as an inducement to the willingness of Grantee
to enter into the Merger Agreement, Grantee has requested that Issuer grant
and Issuer has agreed to grant Grantee the Option (as hereinafter
defined).   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Merger Agreement,
intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:  1.
Grant of Option.  ---------------   (a) Issuer hereby grants to Grantee an
unconditional, irrevocable option (the "Option") to purchase, subject to the
terms hereof, up to an aggregate of 215,213 fully paid and nonassessable
shares of common stock, par value $1.25 per share, of Issuer ("Common Stock")
at a price per share equal to $13.74 (such price, as adjusted in the manner
set forth herein, the "Option Price"); provided, however, that in no event
shall the number of shares for which this Option is exercisable exceed the
number by which 2.9 percent of the shares of Common Stock issued and
outstanding at the time of exercise (without giving effect to the shares of
Common Stock issued or issuable under the Option) exceeds the number of
shares of Common Stock owned by Grantee on the date of exercise (the "Maximum
Purchasable Shares"). The number of shares of Common Stock that may be
received upon the exercise of the Option and the Option Price are subject to
adjustment as herein set forth.   (b) In the event that any additional
shares of Common Stock are issued or otherwise become outstanding after the
date of this Agreement (other than pursuant to this Agreement and other than
pursuant to an event described in section 5(a) hereof), the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Option (inclusive
of shares, if any, previously purchased upon exercise of the Option) shall
automatically be increased (without any further action on the part of Issuer
or Grantee being necessary) so that, after such issuance, it equals the
Maximum Purchasable Shares. Nothing contained in this section 1(b) or
elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to authorize Issuer to issue
shares in breach of any provision of the Merger Agreement.      2.
Exercise of Option.  ------------------   (a) The Holder (as hereinafter
defined) may exercise the Option, in whole or part, at any time after the
occurrence of a Triggering Event (as hereinafter defined), provided that such
Triggering Event shall have occurred prior to the occurrence of an Exercise
Termination Event (as hereinafter defined), and provided further that the
date of the Holder\'s exercise of the Option precedes the occurrence of an
Exercise Termination Event. Each of the following shall be an "Exercise
Termination Event": (i) occurrence of the Effective Time (as such term is
defined in the Merger Agreement); (ii) termination of the Merger Agreement in
accordance with the provisions thereof except (each of the following
exceptions being hereinafter collectively referred to as an "Excepted
Termination") a termination by Grantee pursuant to section 12.2(b) of the
Merger Agreement as a result of a breach by Issuer of the type described in
such provision; or (iii) the passage of 18 months (or such longer period as
provided in section 10) after an Excepted Termination. The term "Holder"
shall mean the holder or holders of the Option.   (b) The term "Triggering
Event" shall mean any of the following events or transactions occurring on or
after the date hereof:   (i) Issuer or Central National Bank, Canajoharie
(the "Bank Subsidiary"), without having received Grantee\'s prior written
consent, shall have entered into an agreement to engage in an Acquisition
Transaction (as defined below) with any person (the term "person" for
purposes of this Agreement having the meaning assigned thereto in sections
3(a)(9) and 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder) other than Grantee
or any of its subsidiaries (each a "Grantee Subsidiary");   (ii) Any person
other than the Grantee or any Grantee Subsidiary shall have acquired
beneficial ownership or the right to acquire beneficial ownership of 12
percent or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the term
"beneficial ownership" for purposes of this Agreement having the
meaning assigned thereto in section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder), or, to the extent any such person has
currently acquired beneficial ownership or the right to acquire beneficial
ownership of 12 percent or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
such person shall have acquired beneficial ownership or the right to acquire
beneficial ownership of any additional shares of Common Stock;   (iii) The
shareholders of Issuer shall have voted on and failed to approve the Merger
Agreement at a meeting which has been held for that purpose or any
adjournment or postponement thereof, or such meeting shall not have been held
in violation of the Merger Agreement or shall have been canceled prior
to termination of the Merger Agreement if, prior to such meeting (or, if
such meeting shall not have been held or shall have been canceled, prior to
such termination), it shall have been publicly announced that any person
(other than Grantee or any Grantee Subsidiary) shall have made a bona fide
proposal to engage in an Acquisition Transaction;   -2-      (iv) The
Board of Directors of the Issuer (the "Issuer Board") shall have withdrawn or
modified (or publicly announced its intention to withdraw or modify) in any
manner adverse to Grantee its recommendation that the shareholders of Issuer
approve the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or Issuer or
the Issuer Board or the Bank Subsidiary or the Board of Directors of the Bank
Subsidiary shall have authorized, recommended or proposed (or publicly
announced its intention to authorize, recommend or propose) an agreement to
engage in an Acquisition Transaction with any person other than Grantee or
any Grantee Subsidiary, or that the shareholders of Issuer approve or accept
any Acquisition Transaction other than as contemplated by the
Merger Agreement;   (v) Any person other than Grantee or any Grantee
Subsidiary shall have made a bona fide proposal to Issuer or its shareholders
to engage in an Acquisition Transaction and such proposal shall have been
publicly announced;   (vi) Any person other than Grantee or any Grantee
Subsidiary shall have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC") a registration statement or tender offer materials with respect to a
potential exchange or tender offer that would constitute an Acquisition
Transaction;   (vii) Issuer shall have breached any covenant or
obligation contained in the Merger Agreement in anticipation of engaging in
an Acquisition Transaction with any person other than Grantee or a Grantee
Subsidiary, and following such breach, Grantee would be entitled to terminate
the Merger Agreement pursuant to section 12.2(b) of the Merger Agreement;
or   (viii) any person other than Grantee or any Grantee Subsidiary shall
have filed an application or notice with the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System (the "Board of Governors") or other federal or
state bank regulatory or antitrust authority, which application or notice has
been accepted for processing, for approval to engage in an Acquisition
Transaction.   (c) The term "Acquisition Transaction" shall mean any
transaction under which a person proposes to or will acquire a majority of
the stock of, merge or consolidate with, or acquire all or substantially all
of the assets of the Issuer or the Bank Subsidiary, or otherwise engage in
any substantially similar transaction with the Issuer or the Bank
Subsidiary.   (d) Issuer shall notify Grantee in writing of the occurrence
of any Triggering Event promptly after becoming aware of the occurrence
thereof, it being understood that the giving of such notice by Issuer shall
not be a condition to the right of the Holder to exercise the Option.   (e)
In the event that the Holder is entitled to and wishes to exercise the Option
(or any portion thereof), it shall send to Issuer a written notice (the date
of which being herein referred to as the "Notice Date") specifying (i) the
total number of shares it will purchase pursuant to such exercise and (ii)
a place and date not earlier than three   -3-     business days nor
later than 60 business days from the Notice Date for the closing of such
purchase (the "Closing"); provided that, if prior notification to or approval
of the Board of Governors or any other federal or state regulatory or
antitrust authority is required in connection with such purchase, the Holder
shall promptly file the required notice or application for approval, shall
promptly notify Issuer of such filing, and shall expeditiously process
the same, and the period of time that otherwise would run pursuant to this
sentence shall run instead from the date on which any required notification
periods have expired or been terminated or such approval shall have been
obtained and any requisite waiting period or periods shall have passed. Any
exercise of the Option shall be deemed to occur on the Notice Date relating
thereto.   (f) At the Closing, the Holder shall (i) pay the Issuer the
aggregate purchase price for the shares of Common Stock purchased pursuant to
the exercise of the Option in immediately available funds by wire transfer to
a bank account designated by Issuer and (ii) present and surrender this
Agreement to Issuer at its principal executive offices, provided that the
failure or refusal of the Issuer to designate such a bank account or accept
surrender of this Agreement shall not preclude the Holder from exercising the
Option.   (g) At any Closing, simultaneously with the delivery of
immediately available funds as provided in section 2(f), Issuer shall deliver
to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the number of shares
of Common Stock purchased by the Holder and, if the Option shall have been
exercised in part only, a new Option evidencing the rights of the Holder
thereof to purchase the balance of the shares purchasable hereunder.
Certificates for shares of Common Stock purchased by the Holder hereunder
shall be delivered by Issuer free and clear of all liens, claims, charges and
encumbrances of any kind, and shall be in such denominations and in such
names designated by the Holder.   (h) Certificates for Common Stock
delivered at a Closing hereunder may be endorsed with a restrictive legend
that shall read substantially as follows:   "The transfer of the shares
represented by this certificate is  subject to certain provisions of an
agreement, dated as of  June 19, 2001, between the registered holder hereof
and Issuer  and to resale restrictions arising under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. A copy of such agreement is on file at the  principal
office of Issuer and will be provided to the holder  hereof without charge
upon receipt by Issuer of a written  request therefor."  It is understood
and agreed that (i) the reference to the resale restrictions of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), in the
above legend shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificate(s)
without such reference if the Holder or any Owner (as defined below), as the
case may be, shall have delivered to Issuer a copy of a letter from the staff
of the SEC, or an opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Issuer, to the effect that such legend is not required for
purposes of the   -4-    Securities Act; (ii) the reference to the
provisions of this Agreement in the above legend shall be removed by delivery
of substitute certificate(s) without such reference if the shares have been
sold or transferred in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement
and under circumstances that do not require the retention of such references
in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Holder or any Owner, as the case
may be; and (iii) the legend shall be removed in its entirety if the
conditions in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) are both satisfied. In
addition, such certificates shall bear any other legend as may be required by
law.   (i) Upon the giving by the Holder to Issuer of the written notice
of exercise of the Option provided for under section 2(e) and the tender of
the applicable purchase price in immediately available funds, the Holder
shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such exercise, notwithstanding that the stock transfer books of
Issuer shall then be closed or that certificates representing such shares of
Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered to the Holder. Issuer shall
pay all expenses, and any and all federal, state and local taxes and other
charges that may be payable in connection with the initial preparation, issue
and delivery of stock certificates under this section 2 in the name of the
Holder or its assignee, transferee or designee.   3. Covenants of
Issuer.   Issuer agrees: (a) that it shall at all times maintain, free
from preemptive rights, sufficient authorized but unissued or treasury shares
of Common Stock so that the Option may be exercised without
additional authorization of Common Stock after giving effect to all other
options, warrants, convertible securities and other rights to purchase Common
Stock; (b) that it will not, by charter amendment or through reorganization,
consolidation, merger, dissolution or sale of assets, or by any other
voluntary act, avoid or seek to avoid the observance of performance of any of
the covenants, stipulations or conditions to be observed or performed
hereunder by Issuer (it being agreed that this clause (b) shall not be deemed
to prohibit or restrict Issuer from engaging in one or more transactions
contemplated by section 8(a) hereof if the provisions of section 8 hereof
shall be complied with in connection with each such transaction); (c)
promptly to take all action as may from time to time be required (including
(i) complying with all applicable premerger notification, reporting and
waiting period requirements specified in 15 U.S.C.ss. 18a and regulations
promulgated thereunder and (ii) in the event that, under the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended, or any other applicable federal or state
banking law, prior notice to or approval of the Board of Governors or any
other federal or state regulatory authority is necessary before the Option
may be exercised, cooperating fully with the Holder in preparing such
applications or notices and providing such information to the Board of
Governors or such other federal or state regulatory authority as they may
require) to permit the Holder to exercise the Option and Issuer duly
and effectively to issue shares of Common Stock pursuant hereto; and (d)
promptly to take all action provided in sections 5 and 8 as and when required
pursuant to such sections.   -5-      4. Exchangeability.   This
Agreement (and the Option granted hereby) are exchangeable, without expense,
at the option of the Holder, upon presentation and surrender of this
Agreement at the principal office of Issuer, for other Agreements
providing for Options of different denominations entitling the Holder thereof
to purchase, on the same terms and subject to the same conditions as are set
forth herein, in the aggregate the same number of shares of Common Stock
purchasable hereunder. The terms "Agreement" and "Option" as used herein
include any Agreements and related Options for which this Agreement (and the
Option granted hereby) may be exchanged. Upon receipt by Issuer of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Agreement, and (in the case of loss, theft or destruction) of
reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon surrender and cancellation
of this Agreement, if mutilated, Issuer will execute and deliver a new
Agreement of like tenor and date in substitution for the lost, stolen,
destroyed or mutilated Agreement.   5. Adjustment.   In addition to the
adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stock that are purchasable upon
exercise of the Option pursuant to section 1 of this Agreement, the number of
shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Option and the Option
Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this
section 5.   (a) In the event of any change in, or distributions in respect
of, the Common Stock by reason of stock dividends, split-ups,
mergers, recapitalizations, reclassifications, combinations, subdivisions,
exchanges of shares or the like, the type and number of shares of Common
Stock purchasable upon exercise hereof shall be appropriately adjusted and
proper provision shall be made so that, Grantee shall receive upon exercise
of the Option the number and class of shares, other securities, property or
cash that Grantee would have received in respect of the shares of Common
Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Option of the Option had been
exercised and such shares of Common Stock had been issued to Grantee
immediately prior to such event or the record date therefor, as
applicable.   (b) Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable
upon exercise hereof is adjusted as provided in this section 5, the Option
Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Option Price immediately prior to
the adjustment by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be equal to the
number of shares of Common Stock purchasable prior to the adjustment and the
denominator of which shall be equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
purchasable after the adjustment.   6. Registration of Option Shares.  
(a) Upon the occurrence of the first Triggering Event that occurs prior to an
Exercise Termination Event, Issuer shall, at the request of Grantee delivered
from time to time (but not more frequently than once every six months) after
such Triggering   -6-    Event (whether on its own behalf or on behalf
of any subsequent Holder of this Option (or part thereof) or any Owner (as
defined below) of any of the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant hereto),
promptly prepare, file and keep current a registration statement under the
Securities Act covering any shares issued and issuable pursuant to this
Option and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration
statement to become effective and remain current in order to permit the sale
or other disposition of any shares of Common Stock issued upon total or
partial exercise of this Option ("Option Shares") in accordance with any plan
of disposition requested by Grantee. Issuer will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such registration statement promptly to become effective and
then to remain effective for 180 days from the day such registration
statement first becomes effective or until such earlier date as all shares
registered shall have been sold. Grantee shall have the right to demand no
more than two such registrations. Issuer shall bear the cost of
such registrations (including, but not limited to, Issuer\'s attorneys\'
fees, printing costs and filing fees), except for underwriting discounts or
commissions, brokers\' fees and the fees and disbursements of Grantee\'s
counsel related thereto. The foregoing notwithstanding, if, at the time of
any request by Grantee for registration of Option Shares as provided above,
Issuer is in registration with respect to an underwritten public offering by
Issuer of shares of Common Stock, and if in the good faith judgment of the
managing underwriter or managing underwriters, or, if none, the sole
underwriter or underwriters, of such offering the offer and sale of the
Option Shares would interfere with the successful marketing of the shares of
Common Stock offered by Issuer, the number of Option Shares otherwise to be
covered in the registration statement contemplated hereby may be reduced,
provided, however, that after any such required reduction the number of
Option Shares to be included in such offering for the account of the Holder
or Owner shall constitute at least 25 percent of the total number of shares
to be sold by Holder or Owner and Issuer in the aggregate; and provided
further, however, that if such reduction occurs, then Issuer shall file a
registration statement for the balance as promptly as practicable thereafter
as to which no reduction pursuant to this section 6 shall be permitted or
occur and the Holder or Owner shall thereafter be entitled to one additional
registration. Each such Holder or Owner shall provide all information
reasonably requested by Issuer for inclusion in any registration statement to
be filed hereunder. If requested by any such Holder or Owner in connection
with such registration, Issuer shall become a party to any underwriting
agreement relating to the sale of such shares, but only to the extent of
obligating itself in respect of representations, warranties, indemnities and
other agreements customarily included in such underwriting agreements for
Issuer. Upon receiving any request under this section 6 from Grantee, Issuer
agrees to send a copy thereof to any other person known to Issuer to be
entitled to registration rights under this section 6, in each case by
promptly mailing the same, postage prepaid, to the address of record of
the persons entitled to receive such copies. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the number of registrations
that Issuer is obligated to effect be increased by reason of the fact that
there shall be more than one Holder as a result of any assignment or division
of this Agreement.   (b) If Grantee so requests, the closing of the sale or
other disposition of the Common Stock or other securities pursuant to a
registration statement filed pursuant to section 6(a) shall occur
substantially simultaneously with the exercise of the Option; provided that
the provisions of this section 6(b) shall not be construed to shorten the
time periods specified in section 6(a).   -7-     7. Option
Repurchase.  -----------------   (a) At any time after the occurrence of a
Repurchase Event (as defined below), (i) at the request of the Holder,
delivered prior to an Exercise Termination Event (or such later period as
provided in section 10), Issuer (or any successor thereto) shall repurchase
the Option from the Holder at a price (the "Option Repurchase Price") equal
to the amount by which (A) the Market/Offer Price (as defined below) exceeds
(B) the Option Price, multiplied by the number of shares for which this
Option may then be exercised and (ii) at the request of the owner of Option
Shares from time to time (the "Owner"), delivered prior to an Exercise
Termination Event (or such later period as provided in section 10), Issuer
(or any successor thereto) shall repurchase such number of the Option Shares
from the Owner as the Owner shall designate at a price (the "Option Share
Repurchase Price") equal to the Market/Offer Price multiplied by the number
of Option Shares so designated.   (b) The term "Market/Offer Price" shall
mean the highest of (i) the highest price per share of Common Stock paid by
any person that acquires beneficial ownership of 50 percent or more of the
then outstanding Common Stock, (ii) the price per share of Common Stock to be
paid by any third party pursuant to an agreement with Issuer entered into
after the date hereof and prior to the date the Holder gives notice of the
required repurchase of this Option or the Owner gives notice of the required
repurchase of Option Shares, as the case may be, (iii) the highest closing
price for shares of Common Stock within the six-month period immediately
preceding the date the Holder gives notice of the required repurchase of this
Option or the Owner gives notice of the required repurchase of Option Shares,
as the case may be, or (iv) in the event of a sale of all or any substantial
part of the Issuer\'s or Bank Subsidiary\'s assets or deposits, the sum of
the net price paid in such sale of such assets or deposits and the current
market value of the remaining net assets of Issuer or Bank Subsidiary as
determined by a nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by the
Holder or the Owner, as the case may be, and reasonably acceptable to Issuer,
divided by the number of shares of Common Stock of Issuer outstanding at the
time of such sale on a fully-diluted basis. In determining the Market/Offer
Price, the value of consideration other than cash shall be determined by a
nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by the Holder or
Owner, as the case may be, and reasonably acceptable to Issuer.   (c) The
Holder or any Owner, as the case may be, may exercise its right to require
Issuer to repurchase the Option or any Option Shares pursuant to this section
7 by surrendering for such purpose to Issuer, at its principal office, a copy
of this Agreement or certificates for Option Shares, as applicable,
accompanied by a written notice or notices stating that the Holder or the
Owner, as the case may be, elects to require Issuer to repurchase this Option
and/or the Option Shares in accordance with the provisions of this section 7
(the "Repurchase Notice"). As promptly as practicable, and in any event
within five business days after the surrender of the Option
and/or certificates representing Option Shares and the receipt of such notice
or notices relating thereto, Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
the Holder the Option Repurchase Price and/or to the Owner the Option
Share Repurchase Price therefor or the portion thereof that Issuer is not
then prohibited under applicable law, regulation and administrative policy
from so delivering.   -8-     (d) To the extent that Issuer is
prohibited under applicable law or regulation, or as a consequence of
administrative policy, from repurchasing the Option and/or the Option Shares
in full (and Issuer hereby undertakes to use its reasonable best efforts to
obtain all required regulatory and legal approvals and to file any required
notices as promptly as practicable in order to accomplish each such
repurchase), Issuer shall immediately so notify the Holder and/or the Owner
and thereafter deliver or cause to be delivered, from time to time, to the
Holder and/or the Owner, as appropriate, the portion of the Option Repurchase
Price and the Option Share Repurchase Price, respectively, that it is no
longer prohibited from delivering, within five business days after the
date on which Issuer is no longer so prohibited; provided, however, that if
Issuer at any time after delivery of a Repurchase Notice is prohibited under
applicable law or regulation, or as a consequence of administrative policy,
from delivering to the Holder and/or the Owner, as appropriate, the Option
Repurchase Price and the Option Share Repurchase Price, respectively, in
full, the Holder or Owner may revoke its Repurchase Notice, either in whole
or to the extent of the prohibition. If the Holder or Owner revokes its
Repurchase Notice in its entirety, Issuer shall promptly deliver to the
Holder and/or the Owner, as appropriate, all documents delivered to the
Issuer by the Holder and/or Owner under section 7(c) hereof. If the Holder or
Owner revokes its Repurchase Notice to the extent of the prohibition, Issuer
shall promptly (i) deliver to the Holder and/or the Owner, as appropriate,
that portion of the Option Repurchase Price and/or the Option Share
Repurchase Price that Issuer is not prohibited from delivering, and (ii)
deliver, as appropriate, either (A) to the Holder, a new Agreement evidencing
the right of the Holder to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock
obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock for which the
surrendered Agreement was exercisable at the time of delivery of the notice
of repurchase by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Option Repurchase
Price less the portion thereof theretofore delivered to the Holder and the
denominator of which is the Option Repurchase Price and/or (B) to the Owner,
a certificate for the Option Shares it is then so prohibited from
repurchasing. If an Exercise Termination Event shall have occurred prior
to the date of the notice by Issuer described in the first sentence of this
section 7(d), or shall be scheduled to occur at any time before the
expiration of a period ending on the thirtieth day after such date, the
Holder shall nonetheless have the right to exercise the Option until the
expiration of such 30-day period.   (e) For purposes of this section 7, a
"Repurchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred upon the occurrence of
any of the following events or transactions after the date hereof:   (i)
the acquisition by any person (other than Grantee or any Grantee Subsidiary)
of beneficial ownership of 50 percent or more of the then outstanding Common
Stock; or   -9-      (ii) the consummation of any Acquisition
Transaction by any person other than Grantee or any Grantee Subsidiary.  
8. Conversion or Exchange of Option.  --------------------------------  
(a) If, prior to an Exercise Termination Event, Issuer or Bank Subsidiary
shall enter into an agreement (i) to consolidate with or merge into any
person, other than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, or engage in a plan
of exchange with any person, other than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, and
Issuer or the Bank Subsidiary shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation of such consolidation or merger or the acquirer in such plan of
exchange, (ii) to permit any person, other than Grantee or a Grantee
Subsidiary, to merge into Issuer or the Bank Subsidiary or be acquired by
Issuer or the Bank Subsidiary in a plan of exchange and Issuer or the Bank
Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving or acquiring corporation,
but, in connection with such merger or plan of exchange, the then outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be changed into or exchanged for stock or other
securities of any other person or cash or any other property or the then
outstanding shares of Common Stock shall after such merger or plan of
exchange represent less than 50 percent of the outstanding shares and share
equivalents of the merged or acquiring company, or (iii) to sell or otherwise
transfer all or substantially all of the Issuer\'s or the Bank Subsidiary\'s
assets or deposits to any person, other than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary,
then, and in each such case, the agreement governing such transaction shall
make proper provision so that the Option shall, upon the consummation of any
such transaction and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, be
converted into, or exchanged for, an option (the "Substitute Option"), at the
election of the Holder, of either (x) the Acquiring Corporation (as
hereinafter defined), or (y) any person that controls the
Acquiring Corporation.   (b) The following terms have the meanings
indicated:   (i) "Acquiring Corporation" shall mean (A) the continuing
or surviving person of a consolidation or merger with Issuer or the Bank
Subsidiary (if other than Issuer or the Bank Subsidiary), (B) the acquiring
person in a plan of exchange in which Issuer or Bank Subsidiary is acquired,
(C) the Issuer or the Bank Subsidiary in a merger or plan of exchange in
which Issuer or the Bank Subsidiary is the continuing or surviving or
acquiring person, and (D) the transferee of all or substantially all of
Issuer\'s or the Bank Subsidiary\'s assets or deposits.   (ii) "Substitute
Common Stock" shall mean the common stock issued by the issuer of the
Substitute Option upon exercise of the Substitute Option.   (iii) "Assigned
Value" shall mean the Market/Offer Price, as defined in section 7.   (iv)
"Average Price" shall mean the average closing price of a share of the
Substitute Common Stock for one year immediately preceding the consolidation,
merger or sale in question; provided that, if Issuer is the issuer of the
Substitute Option, the Average Price shall be computed with respect to a
share of common stock issued by the person merging into Issuer or the Bank
Subsidiary or by any company which controls or is controlled by such person,
as the Holder may elect.   -10-     (c) The Substitute Option shall have
the same terms as the Option, provided that if the terms of the Substitute
Option cannot, for legal reasons, be the same as the Option, such terms shall
be as similar as possible and in no event less advantageous to the Holder.
The issuer of the Substitute Option shall also enter into an agreement with
the then Holder or Holders of the Substitute Option in substantially the same
form as this Agreement (after giving effect for such purpose to the
provisions of section 9), which agreement shall be applicable to the
Substitute Option.   (d) The Substitute Option shall be exercisable for such
number of shares of Substitute Common Stock as is equal to the Assigned Value
multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock for which the Option was
exercisable immediately prior to the event described in the first sentence of
section 8(a), divided by the Average Price. The exercise price of the
Substitute Option per share of Substitute Common Stock shall then be equal to
the Option Price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock for which the Option was exercisable
immediately prior to the event described in the first sentence of section
8(a) and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Substitute
Common Stock for which the Substitute Option is exercisable.   (e) In no
event, pursuant to any of the foregoing paragraphs, shall the number of
shares for which the Substitute Option is exercisable exceed the number by
which 4.9 percent of the shares of Substitute Common Stock issued
and outstanding at the time of exercise (without giving effect to the shares
of Substitute Common Stock issued or issuable under the Substitute Option)
exceeds the number of shares of Substitute Common Stock owned by Grantee on
the date of exercise. In the event that the Substitute Option would be
exercisable for more than the maximum number of the shares of Substitute
Common Stock permitted by the preceding sentence but for this section 8(e),
the issuer of the Substitute Option (the "Substitute Option Issuer") shall
make a cash payment to Holder equal to the excess of (i) the value of the
Substitute Option without giving effect to the limitation in this section
8(e) over (ii) the value of the Substitute Option after giving effect to the
limitation in this section 8(e). This difference in value shall be determined
by a nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by the Holder and
reasonably acceptable to the Issuer.   (f) Issuer shall not enter into any
transaction described in section 8(a) unless the Acquiring Corporation and
any person that controls the Acquiring Corporation assume in writing all the
obligations of Issuer hereunder.   9. Substitute Option Repurchase. 
----------------------------   (a) At the request of the holder of the
Substitute Option (the "Substitute Option Holder"), the Substitute Option
Issuer shall repurchase the Substitute Option from the Substitute Option
Holder at a price (the "Substitute Option Repurchase Price") equal to the
amount by which (i) the Highest Closing Price (as hereinafter  
-11-    defined) exceeds (ii) the exercise price of the Substitute Option,
multiplied by the number of shares of Substitute Common Stock for which the
Substitute Option may then be exercised, and at the request of the owner (the
"Substitute Share Owner") of shares of Substitute Common Stock (the
"Substitute Shares"), the Substitute Option Issuer shall repurchase the
Substitute Shares at a price (the "Substitute Share Repurchase Price") equal
to the Highest Closing Price multiplied by the number of Substitute Shares so
designated. The term "Highest Closing Price" shall mean the highest closing
price for shares of Substitute Common Stock within the six-month period
immediately preceding the date the Substitute Option Holder gives notice of
the required repurchase of the Substitute Option or the Substitute Share
Owner gives notice of the required repurchase of Substitute Shares, as
applicable.   (b) The Substitute Option Holder or any Substitute Share
Owner, as the case may be, may exercise its respective rights to require the
Substitute Option Issuer to repurchase the Substitute Option or any
Substitute Shares pursuant to this section 9 by surrendering for such purpose
to the Substitute Option Issuer, at its principal office, the agreement for
such Substitute Option (or in the absence of such an agreement, a copy of
this Agreement) and/or certificates for Substitute Shares accompanied by a
written notice or notices stating that the Substitute Option Holder or the
Substitute Share Owner, as the case may be, elects to require the Substitute
Option Issuer to repurchase the Substitute Option and/or the Substitute
Shares in accordance with the provisions of this section 9 (the "Substitute
Repurchase Notice"). As promptly as practicable, and in any event within five
business days after the surrender of the Substitute Option and/or
certificates representing Substitute Shares and the receipt of such notice of
notices relating thereto, the Substitute Option Issuer shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Substitute Option Holder the Substitute Option
Repurchase Price and/or to the Substitute Share Owner the Substitute Share
Repurchase Price therefor or the portion thereof which the Substitute Option
Issuer is not then prohibited under applicable law, regulation and
administrative policy from so delivering.   (c) To the extent that the
Substitute Option Issuer is prohibited under applicable law or regulation, or
as a consequence of administrative policy, from repurchasing the Substitute
Option and/or the Substitute Shares in full (and the Substitute Option Issuer
hereby undertakes to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all required
regulatory and legal approvals and to file any required notices as promptly
as practicable in order to accomplish such repurchase), the Substitute Option
Issuer shall immediately so notify the Substitute Option Holder and/or the
Substitute Share Owner and thereafter deliver or cause to be delivered, from
time to time, to the Substitute Option Holder and/or the Substitute  
-12-     Share Owner, as appropriate, the portion of the Substitute
Option Repurchase Price and/or the Substitute Share Repurchase Price,
respectively, which it is no longer prohibited from delivering, within five
business days after the date on which the Substitute Option Issuer is no
longer so prohibited; provided, however, that if the Substitute Option Issuer
is at any time after delivery of a Substitute Repurchase Notice prohibited
under applicable law or regulation, or as a consequence of administrative
policy, from delivering to the Substitute Option Holder and/or the Substitute
Share Owner, as appropriate, the Substitute Option Repurchase Price and the
Substitute Share Repurchase Price, respectively, in full, the Substitute
Option Holder and/or Substitute Share Owner may revoke its Substitute
Repurchase Notice, either in whole or to the extent of the prohibition. If
the Substitute Option Holder or Substitute Share Owner revokes its Substitute
Repurchase Notice in its entirety, the Substitute Option Issuer shall
promptly deliver to the Substitute Option Holder and/or the Substitute Share
Owner, as appropriate, all documents delivered to the Substitute
Option Issuer by the Substitute Option Holder or the Substitute Share Owner
under section 9(b). If the Substitute Option Holder or the Substitute Share
Owner revokes its Substitute Repurchase Notice to the extent of the
prohibition, the Substitute Option Issuer shall promptly (i) deliver to the
Substitute Option Holder or the Substitute Share Owner, as appropriate, that
portion of the Substitute Option Repurchase Price or the Substitute Share
Repurchase Price that the Substitute Option Issuer is not prohibited from
delivering, and (ii) deliver, as appropriate, either (A) to the Substitute
Option Holder, a new Substitute Option evidencing the right of the Substitute
Option Holder to purchase that number of shares of the Substitute Common
Stock obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Substitute Common Stock
for which the surrendered Substitute Option was exercisable at the time of
delivery of the notice of repurchase by a fraction, the numerator of which is
the Substitute Option Repurchase Price less the portion thereof theretofore
delivered to the Substitute Option Holder and the denominator of which is the
Substitute Option Repurchase Price and/or (B) to the Substitute Share Owner,
a certificate for the Substitute Option Shares it is then so prohibited from
repurchasing. If an Exercise Termination Event shall have occurred prior to
the date of the notice by the Substitute Option Issuer described in the first
sentence of this section 9(c), or shall be scheduled to occur at any time
before the expiration of a period ending on the thirtieth day after such
date, the Substitute Option Holder shall nevertheless have the right to
exercise the Substitute Option until the expiration of such 30-day
period.   10. Extension of Time Periods.  -------------------------   The
periods of exercise of those rights of any party other than the Issuer and
the Bank Subsidiary set forth in sections 2, 6, 7, and 9 shall be extended:
(a) to the extent necessary to obtain all regulatory approvals for
the exercise of such rights (for so long as the Holder, Owner, Substitute
Option Holder or Substitute Share Owner, as the case may be, is using
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such regulatory approvals), and for
the expiration of all statutory waiting periods; (b) during the pendency of
any temporary restraining order, injunction or other legal bar to exercise of
such rights; and (c) to the extent necessary to avoid liability under section
16(b) of the Exchange Act by reason of such exercise.   11. Representations
and Warranties of Issuer.  ----------------------------------------  
Issuer hereby represents and warrants to Grantee as follows:   (a) Issuer
has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the Issuer Board
on the date hereof and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Issuer
are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
so contemplated. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by Issuer.   -13-     (b) Issuer has taken all necessary
corporate action to authorize and reserve and to permit it to issue, and at
all times from the date hereof through the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with its terms will have reserved for issuance, upon the exercise
of the Option, that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the maximum
number of shares of Common Stock at any time and from time to time issuable
hereunder, and all such shares, upon issuance pursuant thereto, will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, and will be
delivered free and clear of all claims, liens, encumbrances and security
interests and not subject to any preemptive rights.   12. Assignment. 
----------   Neither of the parties hereto may assign any of its rights
or obligations under this Agreement or the Option created hereunder to any
other person without the express written consent of the other party, except
that, if a Triggering Event shall have occurred prior to an Exercise
Termination Event, Grantee, subject to the express provisions hereof, may
assign in whole or in part its rights and obligations hereunder following the
date of such Triggering Event; provided, however, that until the date 15 days
following the date on which the Board of Governors has approved an
application by Grantee to acquire the shares of Common Stock subject to the
Option, Grantee may not assign its rights under the Option except in (a) a
widely dispersed public distribution, (b) a private placement in which no one
party acquires the right to purchase in excess of 2 percent of the voting
shares of Issuer, (c) an assignment to a single party (e.g., a broker or
investment banker) for the sole purpose of conducting a widely dispersed
public distribution on Grantee\'s behalf or (d) any other manner approved by
the Board of Governors.   13. Further Assurances.  ------------------  
Each of Grantee and Issuer will use its reasonable best efforts to make all
filings with, and to obtain consents of, all third parties (including but not
limited to their respective stockholders) and governmental
authorities necessary to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   14. Remedies.  --------   The parties hereto
acknowledge that damages would be an inadequate remedy for a breach of this
Agreement by either party hereto and that the obligations of the parties
hereto shall be enforceable by either party through injunctive or other
equitable relief. In connection therewith, both parties waive the posting of
any bond or similar requirement.   15. Validity.  --------   If any term,
provision, covenant or restriction contained in this Agreement is held by a
court or a federal or state regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions and
covenants and   -14-     restrictions contained in this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect, and shall in no way be affected, impaired or
invalidated. If for any reason such court or regulatory agency determines
that the Holder is not permitted to acquire, or Issuer is not permitted to
repurchase pursuant to section 7, the full number of shares of Common Stock
provided in section 1(a) hereof (as adjusted pursuant to section 1(b) or
section 5 hereof), it is the express intention of Issuer to allow the Holder
to acquire or to require Issuer to repurchase such lesser number of shares as
may be permissible, without any amendment or modification hereof.   16.
Maximum Profit.  --------------   (a) Notwithstanding any other provision
herein, in no event shall NBT\'s Total Profit (as defined in section 16(c))
exceed $6 million (the "Maximum Profit"), and, if the Total Profit would
otherwise exceed such amount, NBT, at its sole election, shall either (1)
reduce the number of shares subject to the Option (and any Substitution
Option), (2) deliver to CNB, or Substitute Option Issuer, as the case may be,
for cancellation shares of CNB Common Stock or Substitute Common Stock, as
the case may be, previously purchased by NBT valued at fair market value at
the time of delivery, (3) pay cash to CNB, or Substitute Option Issuer, as
the case may be, (4) increase or otherwise adjust the Option Price or
Substitute Option Price (or any portion thereof), (5) reduce the amount of
the Option Repurchase Price or Substitute Option Repurchase Price, or
(6) undertake any combination of the foregoing, so that NBT\'s actually
realized Total Profit shall not exceed the Maximum Profit after taking into
account the foregoing actions.   (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, the Option (and any Substitute Option) may not be exercised
for a number of shares as would, as of the date of exercise, result in a
Notional Total Profit (as defined in section 16(d)) of more than the Maximum
Profit and, if exercise of the Option (and any Substitute Option) would
otherwise result in the Notional Total Profit exceeding such amount, NBT, in
its discretion, may take any of the actions specified in Section 16(a) so
that the Notional Total Profit shall not exceed the Maximum Profit; provided,
that nothing in this sentence shall restrict any subsequent exercise of the
Option (and any Substitute Option) which at such time complies with this
sentence.   (c) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Total Profit"
shall mean the aggregate amount (before taxes) of the following:   (i) any
payment required under section 12.3(c) of the Merger Agreement;   (ii) the
excess of (A) the net cash amounts received by NBT pursuant to the sale of
Option Shares (or any other securities into which such Option Shares are
converted or exchanged) to any unaffiliated party, other than any amount
received by NBT upon the repurchase of Option Shares by CNB pursuant to
section 7, after payment of applicable brokerage or sales commissions
and discounts, over (B) NBT\'s aggregate purchase price for such Option
Shares (or other securities);   -15-     (iii) all amounts received by
NBT upon the repurchase of the Option by CNB pursuant to section 7; and  
(iv) all equivalent amounts with respect to the Substitute Option and any
amounts paid pursuant to section 9,  minus all amounts of cash previously
paid to CNB pursuant to Section 16(a)(3) and the value of all Option Shares
(or other securities) previously delivered to CNB for cancellation pursuant
to section 16(a)(2), which value shall be deemed to be the purchase price
paid by CNB for such Option Shares or other securities.   (d) For purposes
of this Agreement, the term "Notional Total Profit" with respect to any
number of shares as to which NBT may propose to exercise the Option shall be
the Total Profit, determined as of the date of such proposed exercise
assuming (1) that the Option were exercised on such date for such number of
shares, (2) that such shares, together with all other Option Shares held by
NBT and its affiliates as of such date, were sold for cash at the closing
market price for the CNB Common Stock as of the close of business on
the preceding trading day (less customary brokerage commissions), and (3) the
effect of any adjustments made by or to be made by NBT pursuant to Section
16(a). For purposes of this section 16, transactions by a wholly-owned
Subsidiary transferee of NBT in respect of the Option Shares transferred to
it shall be treated as if made by NBT.   17. Notices.  -------   All
notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in the manner and at the
respective addresses of the parties set forth in section 13.12 of the Merger
Agreement.   18. Governing Law.  -------------   This Agreement shall be
governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof.   19.
Execution.  ---------   This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of
which shall constitute one and the same agreement.   20. Expenses. 
--------   Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each of the
parties hereto shall bear and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it or on
its behalf in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder,
including fees and expenses of its own financial consultants, investment
bankers, accountants and counsel.   -16-      21. Entire Agreement. 
----------------   Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in the
Merger Agreement, this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder and
supersedes all prior arrangements or understandings in respect thereof,
written or oral. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assignees. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or
implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto,
and their respective successors except as assignees, any rights, remedies
obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as
expressly provided herein.   22. Meaning of Terms.  ----------------  
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined herein shall have
the meanings assigned thereto in the Merger Agreement.   23. Modification or
Amendment.  -------------------------   The parties hereto may modify or
amend this Agreement only by written agreement executed and delivered by duly
authorized officers of the respective parties.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each
of the parties had caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its
officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first above
written.    NBT BANCORP INC.    By:  --------------------------- 
Michael J. Chewens  Executive Vice President,  Chief Financial Officer and 
Corporate Secretary    CNB FINANCIAL CORP.    By: 
---------------------------  Donald L. Brass  President   -17-     
EXHIBIT IV  ----------   VOTING AGREEMENT  ----------------    June
[___], 2001   NBT Bancorp Inc. 52 South Broad Street Norwich, New York
13815  Mesdames and Gentlemen:   The undersigned understands that NBT
Bancorp Inc. ("NBT") is about to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the "Agreement") with CNB Financial Corp. ("CNB"). The Agreement provides
for the merger of CNB with and into NBT (the "Merger") and the conversion of
outstanding shares of CNB Stock into NBT Common Stock and cash in accordance
with the formula therein set forth.   To induce NBT to enter into the
Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the undersigned, subject
to the conditions hereinafter stated, represents, warrants, and agrees that,
at the CNB Stockholder Meeting contemplated by section 3.1 of the Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the "Meeting"), and any adjournment thereof, and at any
other meeting of the stockholders of CNB at which the Merger is considered
and at any adjournment thereof, unless so voting would be a violation of
applicable law or fiduciary duty, the undersigned will, in person or by
proxy, vote or cause to be voted, or execute a written consent, in favor of
the Agreement and the Merger all shares of CNB Common Stock beneficially
owned by the undersigned individually or, to the extent of the undersigned\'s
proportionate voting interest, jointly with other persons, as well as, to the
extent of the undersigned\'s proportionate voting interest, any other shares
of CNB Common Stock over which the undersigned may hereafter
acquire beneficial ownership in such capacities (collectively, the "Shares").
Subject to the final paragraph of this agreement, the undersigned further
agrees that he, she, or it will use his, her or its best efforts to cause any
other shares of CNB Common Stock over which he, she, or it has or shares
voting power to be voted in favor of the Agreement and the Merger.   The
undersigned further represents, warrants, and agrees that beginning upon the
authorization and execution of the Agreement by CNB until the earlier of (i)
the consummation of the Merger and (ii) the termination of the Agreement in
accordance with its terms, the undersigned will not, directly or
indirectly:   (a) solicit proxies or become a "participant" in a
"solicitation" (as such terms are defined in Regulation 14A under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) in opposition to the Agreement or the Merger
or in opposition to the recommendation of the majority of the directors of
CNB with respect to any other matter related in any way to the Agreement or
the Merger, or encourage or recommend to any shareholder of CNB that he, she,
or it vote in opposition to or abstain from voting upon or not vote with
respect to the Agreement or the Merger.      (b) voluntarily sell or
otherwise transfer any of the Shares, or cause or permit any of the Shares to
be sold or otherwise transferred (i) for the purpose of avoiding the
obligations of the undersigned under this agreement, or (ii) to any
transferee unless such transferee expressly agrees in writing to be bound by
the terms of this agreement in all events.   It is understood and agreed
that this agreement relates solely to the capacity of the undersigned as a
stockholder or other beneficial owner of the Shares and does not prohibit the
undersigned, if a member of the Board of Directors of CNB or a member of the
Board of Directors of CNB National Bank, from acting, in his or her capacity
as a director, as the undersigned may determine to be appropriate in light of
the obligations of the undersigned as a director.   Very truly
yours,       Accepted and Agreed to: NBT BANCORP INC.   By:
__________________________________  Title:
__________________________________  Name of Stockholder:    -2-    '

