 EXHIBIT 10.4 STOCK PURCHASE AGMT    
Exhibit 10.4   SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT   This Share Purchase Agreement
(the "Agreement") is entered into as of the 21st day of February, 2002,
between Level 3 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Buyer"), and David
C. McCourt ("Seller").    BACKGROUND   Seller owns 84.21216 shares of
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Shares") of Level 3 Telecom
Holdings, Inc., which Shares are subject to a shareholder agreement, dated as
of June 10, 1993, between Seller and a predecessor to the Buyer, relative to
an investment in C-TEC Corporation (together with any amendments thereto, the
"Shareholder Agreement");   Buyer desires to purchase the Shares from
Seller, and Seller desires to sell the Shares to Buyer, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein.   Buyer and Seller further
desire to terminate the Shareholder Agreement, and any obligations related
thereto, by either party, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
mutual promises contained herein and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties hereto agree as follows:   1. Purchase and Sale of Shares. Upon
the basis of the representations and  warranties herein contained, and the
other terms of this Agreement,  Buyer agrees to purchase the Shares from
Seller, and Seller agrees to  sell, transfer, assign and deliver the Shares
to Buyer, free and clear  of any liens security interests, encumbrances,
claims, liabilities,  restrictions and third party right ("Liens"). The
purchase price for  the Shares shall be $15,000,000 ("Purchase Price"). The
closing of the  purchase and sale of the Shares (the "Closing") shall take
place on  February 22, 2002, (or on such other date as the parties may
otherwise  agree) at such location as the parties shall agree. At the Closing
(i)  Seller shall deliver to Buyer a certificate for the Shares duly 
endorsed or accompanied by stock powers duly endorsed in blank, with  any
required transfer tax stamps affixed thereto and (ii) Buyer shall  deliver to
Seller the Purchase Price in immediately available funds by  wire transfer to
an account of Seller with a bank designated by  Seller, by notice to Buyer,
not later than two business days prior to  the date of the Closing (or if not
so designated, then by certified or  official bank check payable in
immediately available funds to the  order of Seller in such amount).    
2. Shareholders Agreement. As further consideration for the transactions 
contemplated in this Agreement, the Shareholder Agreement, and any and  all
obligations related thereto, by either Seller or Buyer, are hereby  cancelled
and terminated in all respects and are deemed null, void,  and of no effect
whatsoever.   3. Release. As further consideration for the transaction
contemplated in  this Agreement, each of the parties hereby releases,
relieves, waives  and forever discharges the other party and its
subsidiaries, parent,  and affiliated companies and their respective
shareholders, officers,  directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns
from any and all  claims, demands, actions, damages, liabilities, and causes
of action,  whether known or unknown, which such party may have had, may
presently  have, or in the future may have or choose to have that directly
or  indirectly relate to or arise out of the Shareholder Agreement or 
relate to or arise out of Seller\'s investment or ownership in the 
Shares.   4. Representations and Warranties of Seller. Seller hereby
represents and  warrants to Buyer as follows:   (a) Seller has full power,
capacity and right to execute and deliver  this Agreement and to perform his
obligations hereunder.   (b) This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Seller and  constitutes the valid and binding agreement of
Seller enforceable  against Seller in accordance with its terms, except as
such  enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to  creditors
rights or general principles of equity.   (c) Seller is the record and
beneficial owner of the Shares free and  clear of any Liens. At the Closing,
Seller will transfer and  deliver to Buyer good and valid title to the Shares
free and  clear of any Lien.   (d) No approval, authorization, consent or
filing is required by the  Seller in connection with the execution, delivery
and performance  of this Agreement by Seller, except as may be required under
the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   (e) The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by  Seller does not contravene or conflict with
any material  agreement, contract or other instrument, or any law, rule, 
regulation, order or decree, binding upon or applicable to the 
Seller.     5. Representations and Warranties of Buyer. Buyer hereby
represents  and warrants to Seller as follows:   (a) Buyer has full power,
capacity, authority and right to execute  and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations  hereunder.   (b) This Agreement has been duly
authorized by all necessary action  and constitutes the valid and binding
agreement of Buyer  enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms,
except as  such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to  creditors
rights or by general principles of equity.   (c) No approval, authorization,
consent or filing is required in  connection with the execution, delivery and
performance of this  Agreement by Buyer, except as may be required under
the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   (d) The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by  Buyer does not contravene or
conflict with the articles of  incorporation or bylaws of Buyer or with any
material agreement,  contract or other instrument, or any law, rule,
regulation, order  or decree, binding upon or applicable to Buyer.   6.
Miscellaneous.   (a) The parties agree to cooperate with each other in
executing and  delivering all further documents necessary to effect the
purchase  and sale of the Shares, and both parties agree to cooperate with 
the other for purposes of effecting the other terms of this  Agreement.  
(b) All representations, warranties, covenants, and obligations in  this
Agreement will survive the Closing.   (c) Any provision of this Agreement
may be amended or waived, if, but  only if, such amendment or waiver is in
writing and is signed by  both parties hereto.   (d) This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of  each of the parties and their
respective heirs, administrators,  successors, assigns and legal
representatives.   (e) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with
and governed  by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the 
conflicts of law rules of such state (other than Section 5-104 of  the
General     Obligations Law of the State of New York).   (f) The parties
agree that the terms of this Agreement, and the  discussion relating to this
Agreement, are and shall remain  confidential as between the parties, unless
and to the extent  disclosure is required by law, or to secure advice from a
legal  or tax advisor.   (g) This Agreement contains the entire agreement
of the parties  hereto with respect to the purchase of the Shares and the
other  transactions contemplated herein, and supersedes all prior 
understandings and agreements of the parties with respect to the  subject
matters hereof.   (h) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts each of
which  shall be an original with the same effect as if the signatures 
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. No provision of  this
Agreement is intended to confer upon any Person other than  the parties
hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.   (i) If any term, provision,
covenant or restriction of this Agreement  is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction or other authority  to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the
remainder of the terms,  provisions, covenants and restrictions of this
Agreement shall  remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be
affected,  impaired or invalidated so long as the economic or legal 
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected  in any
manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such a  determination, the
parties shall negotiate in good faith to  modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the  parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner in order  that the transactions contemplated hereby be
consummated as  originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.  
(j) All notices, requests, consents and other communications required  or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be hand  delivered or
mailed postage prepaid by registered or certified  mail or transmitted by
facsimile transmission (with immediate  telephonic confirmation
thereafter),   (1) If to the Seller, to:   David C. McCourt  c/o RCN
Corporation  105 Carnegie Center  Princeton, NY 08540-6215  Facsimile No.:
(609) 919-8632    with a copy to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom
LLP  Four Times Square  New York, NY 10036-6522  Attention: Matthew A.
Rosen and Howard L. Ellin  Facsimile No.: (212) 735-2000   or (2) If to the
Buyer, to:   Level 3 Holdings, Inc.  1025 Eldorado Boulevard  Broomfield,
CO 80021  Attention: General Counsel  Facsimile No. (720) 888-5127   with
a copy to:   Level 3 Communications, Inc.  1025 Eldorado Boulevard 
Broomfield, CO 80021  Attention: General Counsel  Facsimile No. (720)
888-5127   Or at such other address as the Buyer or Seller each may specify
by written notice to the others, and each such notice, request, consent and
other communication shall for all purposes of the Agreement be treated as
being effective or having been given when delivered if delivered personally,
upon receipt of facsimile confirmation if transmitted by facsimile, or, if
sent by mail, at the earlier of its receipt of 72 hours after the same has
been deposited in a regularly maintained receptacle for the deposit of United
States mail, addressed and postage prepaid as aforesaid.    IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has duly executed, or caused its authorized
officer to duly execute, this Agreement as of the date first set forth
above.    DAVID C. McCOURT   /s/ David C. McCourt   Level 3 Holdings,
Inc.    By: /s/ Thomas C. Stortz  Name: Thomas C. Stortz  Title: Vice
President     '

