ENT AND PLAN OF MERGER      AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   by and among   UNITED ASSET MANAGEMENT CORPORATION   OM
ACQUISITION CORPORATION   and   OLD MUTUAL PLC        Dated as of
June 16, 2000     TABLE OF CONTENTS   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER  RECITALS
.................................................................1   ARTICLE
I  THE OFFER  Section 1.1. The
Offer.......................................................2 Section 1.2.
Actions by Parent and Purchaser.................................3 Section
1.3. Company
Actions.................................................3 Section 1.4.
Adjustment to Offer Price.......................................5   ARTICLE
II  THE MERGER  Section 2.1. The
Merger......................................................6 Section 2.2.
Effective Time..................................................6 Section
2.3. Effects of the
Merger...........................................6 Section 2.4. Certificate
of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Surviving 
Corporation.....................................................6 Section
2.5.
Directors.......................................................7 Section
2.6.
Officers........................................................7 Section
2.7. Conversion of Common
Shares.....................................7 Section 2.8. Conversion of
Purchaser Common Stock............................7 Section 2.9. Options;
Stock Plans............................................7 Section 2.10.
Stockholders\' Meeting...........................................8 Section
2.11. Merger without Meeting of Stockholders..........................9  
ARTICLE III  DISSENTING SHARES; PAYMENT FOR COMMON SHARES  Section 3.1.
Dissenting Shares...............................................9 Section
3.2. Payment for Common Shares.......................................9  
ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  Section 4.1. Representations
and Warranties of the Company...................11  (a) Organization, Good
Standing and Qualification.............11  (b) Capital
Structure.........................................12  (c) Corporate
Authority; Approval and Fairness................13  (d) Governmental Filings;
No Violations.......................13  (e) Company Reports; Financial
Statements; Undisclosed 
Liabilities...............................................14  (f) Absence of
Certain Changes................................15  (g) Proxy Statement; Offer
Documents..........................15  (h) Litigation and
Liabilities................................15  (i) Employee
Benefits.........................................16      (j) Labor
Matters Representation..............................17  (k) Compliance with
Applicable Laws; Permits..................18  (l) Takeover
Statutes.........................................20  (m)
Taxes.....................................................20  (n)
Intellectual Property.....................................21  (o) Brokers and
Finders.......................................22  (p) Material
Contracts........................................22  (q) Investment
Contracts, Funds and Clients...................22  (r) Affiliate
Transactions....................................26  (s)
Insurance.................................................27 Section 4.2.
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Purchaser..........27  (a)
Organization, Good Standing and Qualification.............27  (b)
Purchaser.................................................27  (c) Corporate
Authority; Approval.............................27  (d)
Financing.................................................28  (e)
Governmental Filings; No Violations.......................28  (f) Proxy
Statement; Schedule 14D-9...........................29  (g) Brokers and
Finders.......................................29   ARTICLE V 
COVENANTS  Section 5.1. Company Interim
Operations......................................29 Section 5.2. Parent
Interim Operations.......................................31 Section 5.3.
Acquisition Proposals...........................................31 Section
5.4. Information
Supplied............................................33 Section 5.5. Filings;
Other Actions; Notification............................34 Section 5.6.
Access..........................................................34 Section
5.7. Stock Exchange De-
listing.......................................35 Section 5.8.
Publicity.......................................................35 Section
5.9. Benefits........................................................35  (a)
Options...................................................35  (b) Employee
Benefits.........................................36 Section 5.10.
Expenses........................................................37 Section
5.11. Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\'
Insurance.............37 Section 5.12. Takeover
Statute................................................38 Section 5.13.
Compliance with 1940 Act Section 15; Client Consents............38 Section
5.14. Qualification of the Fund Clients; Fund Client
Boards...........40 Section 5.15. Exemption from Liability Under Section
16(b)....................40 Section 5.16. Transfer
Taxes..................................................40 Section 5.17.
Interim Directors...............................................40 Section
5.18. Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31,
2000.....................41     -ii-    ARTICLE VI 
CONDITIONS  Section 6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect
the Merger......41  (a) Stockholder
Approval......................................41  (b)
Antitrust.................................................41  (c) Injunction
or Restraint...................................41  (d)
Offer.....................................................41 Section 6.2
Frustration of Closing Conditions...............................41   ARTICLE
VII  TERMINATION  Section 7.1. Termination by Mutual
Consent...................................42 Section 7.2. Termination by
Either Parent or the Company.....................42 Section 7.3. Effect of
Termination and Abandonment...........................44 Section 7.4.
Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver.......45   ARTICLE
VIII  MISCELLANEOUS  Section 8.1.
Survival........................................................45 Section
8.2. Modification or
Amendment.......................................45 Section 8.3. Waiver of
Conditions............................................45 Section 8.4.
Counterparts....................................................46 Section
8.5. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL...................46 Section 8.6.
Notices.........................................................47 Section
8.7. Entire Agreement; No Other
Representations......................47 Section 8.8. No Third Party
Beneficiaries....................................48 Section 8.9. Obligations
of Parent and of the Company........................48 Section 8.10.
Severability....................................................48 Section
8.11.
Interpretation..................................................48 Section
8.12. Assignment......................................................48   
-iii-     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
(this "AGREEMENT"), dated as of June 16, 2000, by and among United Asset
Management Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), Old Mutual plc, a
public limited company incorporated in England and Wales ("PARENT"), and OM
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent ("PURCHASER").   RECITALS   WHEREAS, it is proposed that Purchaser
acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of the Company (the "COMMON SHARES"), other than Common
Shares beneficially owned by Parent or Purchaser (references to Parent shall,
where the context so requires, be deemed to refer to Purchaser as well);  
WHEREAS, it is proposed that Purchaser will make a cash tender offer (the
"OFFER") in compliance with Section 14(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, the "EXCHANGE ACT") to acquire all the issued and
outstanding Common Shares, other than Common Shares beneficially owned by
Parent or Purchaser, for $25 per Common Share (the "BASE OFFER PRICE", and,
such amount, as it may be adjusted in accordance with Section 1.4 hereof, or
any greater amount per share paid pursuant to the Offer, the "OFFER PRICE"),
net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
this Agreement and Annex I hereto; and that the Offer will be followed by the
merger (the "MERGER") of Purchaser with and into the Company, with the
Company being the surviving corporation, in accordance with the Delaware
General Corporation Law ("DGCL"), pursuant to which each issued and
outstanding Common Share not beneficially owned by Parent will be converted
into the right to receive the Offer Price upon the terms and subject to the
conditions provided herein and in Annex I hereto;   WHEREAS, the Company,
Parent and Purchaser desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with this Agreement;   WHEREAS, the
Board of Directors of the Company (the "COMPANY BOARD") has received the oral
opinion of Goldman, Sachs and Co. (the "FINANCIAL ADVISOR"), and which oral
opinion will be promptly confirmed in writing, to the effect that, based on,
and subject to, the various assumptions and qualifications set forth in such
opinion, as of the date of such opinion, the Offer Price to be received by
the holders of the Common Shares in the Offer and the Merger is fair from a
financial point of view to such holders (the "FAIRNESS OPINION"); and  
WHEREAS, the Company Board has unanimously approved this Agreement and the
Offer, determined that this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby are advisable and in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders and adopted the plan of merger set
forth herein;   WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent and Purchaser
have approved this Agreement and the Offer, determined that this Agreement,
the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are
advisable and in the best interests of Parent and Purchaser and adopted the
plan of merger set forth herein;      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises, and of the representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  
THE OFFER   Section 1.1. THE OFFER.   (a) Provided that this Agreement
shall not have been terminated in accordance with Article VII and subject to
the conditions set forth in Annex I hereto (the "TENDER OFFER CONDITIONS"),,
not later than 30 calendar days following the date hereof, Purchaser shall,
and Parent shall cause Purchaser to, commence (within the meaning of Rule
14d-2 under the Exchange Act) the Offer to purchase all outstanding Common
Shares at the Offer Price. The obligation of Purchaser to accept for payment
any Common Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer will be subject only to the
satisfaction of the Tender Offer Conditions. The initial scheduled expiration
date of the Offer shall be the 20th business day following the date of
commencement of the Offer (determined using Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange
Act).   (b) Purchaser expressly reserves the right to waive any Tender
Offer Condition, to increase the Offer Price and to make any other changes in
the terms and conditions of the Offer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, without
the prior written consent of the Company, Purchaser shall not (i) impose
conditions to the Offer in addition to the Tender Offer Conditions, (ii)
modify or amend the Tender Offer Conditions or any other term of the Offer in
a manner adverse to the holders of Common Shares, (iii) reduce the number of
Common Shares subject to the Offer, (iv) reduce the Minimum Tender Condition
(as defined in Annex I), (v) reduce the Offer Price, (vi) except as provided
in the following sentence, extend the Offer if all of the Tender Offer
Conditions are satisfied or waived, or (vii) change the form of consideration
payable in the Offer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may, in
accordance with Applicable Law, and without the consent of the Company,
extend the Offer at any time, and from time to time, (i) beyond the initial
scheduled expiration date or any subsequent scheduled expiration of the Offer
if, at such scheduled expiration of the Offer, any of the Tender Offer
Conditions shall not be satisfied or, to the extent permitted by this
Agreement, waived (and, so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Offer has
been commenced and the Tender Offer Conditions have not been satisfied or
waived, Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause Purchaser to, cause the Offer
not to expire, and shall extend the Offer from time to time until the
Termination Date (as defined in Section 7.2(a)(i)), subject, however, to
Purchaser\'s and Parent\'s rights of termination under this Agreement) or
(ii) for any period required by any rule, regulation or interpretation of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or the staff thereof
applicable to the Offer. Unless otherwise agreed by the Purchaser and the
Company, any extension of the Offer pursuant to the preceding sentence or
clause (i) of the second preceding sentence of this Section 1.1(b) shall not
exceed the lesser of five business days or such fewer number of days that
Purchaser reasonably believes are necessary to cause the Tender Offer
Conditions to be satisfied. Purchaser may in addition, provided that doing so
shall not require any extension of what would otherwise be the final
expiration date of the Offer, provide a "subsequent offering period" (as
contemplated by Rule 14d-11    -2-   under the Exchange Act) of not less
than three business days and not more than ten business days following its
acceptance for payment of Common Shares in the Offer. Parent and Purchaser
shall comply with the obligations respecting prompt payment and announcement
under the Exchange Act, and, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause Purchaser to, pay for any
and all Common Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the
Offer that Purchaser becomes obligated to purchase pursuant to the Offer
within two business days following acceptance for payment of any and all such
Common Shares pursuant to the Offer.   Section 1.2. ACTIONS BY PARENT AND
PURCHASER.   (a) On the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and
Purchaser shall file with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO,
including all exhibits thereto (together with all amendments and supplements
thereto, the "SCHEDULE TO") with respect to the Offer, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby. The Schedule TO shall contain or
incorporate by reference an offer to purchase (the "OFFER TO PURCHASE") and
forms of the related letter of transmittal and any related documents (the
Schedule TO, the Offer to Purchase and such other documents, together with
all supplements or amendments thereto, collectively, the "OFFER
DOCUMENTS").   (b) Parent and Purchaser represent that the Offer Documents
shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of applicable
federal securities laws, including the Exchange Act, on the date filed with
the SEC and on the date first published, sent or given to the Company\'s
stockholders, shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, except that no representation is made
by Parent or Purchaser with respect to information supplied by the Company in
writing specifically for inclusion in the Offer Documents. Each of Parent and
Purchaser agrees to correct promptly, and the Company agrees to notify Parent
promptly as to, any information provided by it for use in the Offer
Documents, if and to the extent such information shall have become false or
misleading in any material respect, and each of Parent and Purchaser further
agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Offer Documents as so
corrected to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to all of the
holders of Common Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by
applicable federal securities laws. Parent and Purchaser agree to provide the
Company and its counsel in writing any comments Parent, Purchaser or their
counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer
Documents promptly after receipt of such comments. Parent and Purchaser shall
use their respective reasonable best efforts to respond to such comments
promptly and shall provide the Company copies of any written responses and
telephonic notification of any oral responses by Parent, Purchaser or
their counsel.   Section 1.3. COMPANY ACTIONS.   (a) The Company shall
file with the SEC and mail to the holders of Common Shares, on the date of
the filing by Parent and Purchaser of the Offer Documents, a
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, the "SCHEDULE 14D-9") reflecting
the recommendation of the Company Board that holders of Common Shares tender
their Common Shares pursuant to the Offer, and shall dis-   
-3-   seminate the Schedule 14D-9 as required by Rule 14d-9 promulgated
under the Exchange Act. The Schedule 14D-9 will set forth, and the Company
hereby represents that the Company Board, at a meeting duly called and held,
has (i) determined by unanimous vote of its directors, that the Offer and the
Merger are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders, (ii) approved the Offer and this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the DGCL, (iii) resolved
to recommend acceptance of the Offer and approval of this Agreement by the
Company\'s stockholders, and (iv) taken all action, if any, necessary to
render Section 203 of the DGCL inapplicable to the Offer and the Merger;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such recommendation and approval may be withdrawn,
modified or amended to the extent that the Company Board determines in good
faith, after consultation with outside counsel, that such action is required
in the exercise of the Company Board\'s fiduciary duties under Applicable
Law. The Company further represents that, prior to the execution hereof, the
Financial Advisor has delivered to the Company Board the Fairness Opinion.
The Company further represents and warrants that it has been authorized by
the Financial Advisor to reproduce the written Fairness Opinion in full (and
only in full), and may also include references to the Fairness Opinion and to
the Financial Advisor and its relationship with the Company (in each case in
form and substance as the Financial Advisor shall reasonably approve in
advance), in any statement on Schedule 14D-9 or proxy statement relating to
the transactions contemplated hereby that the Company is required to file or
distribute to its stockholders under the Exchange Act or other Applicable
Law. The Company further represents that it will file such other
documentation and take such other actions as are required by Applicable Law
to effect the purposes of this Agreement. The Company hereby consents to
the inclusion in the Offer Documents of the recommendation of the Company
Board described in this Section 1.3(a).   (b) The Schedule 14D-9 will
comply in all material respects with the provisions of applicable federal
securities laws, and, on the date filed with the SEC and on the date first
published, sent or given to the Company\'s stockholders, shall not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, except that no representation is made by the Company with respect
to information supplied by Parent or Purchaser in writing for inclusion in
the Schedule 14D-9. Each of the Company, on the one hand, and Parent and
Purchaser, on the other hand, agrees promptly to correct any information
provided by either of them for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent
that it shall have become false or misleading, and the Company further agrees
to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be
filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to the holders of Common Shares, in
each case, as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities
laws. The Company agrees to provide Parent and its counsel in writing any
comments the Company may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect
to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after receipt of such comments. The Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond to such comments promptly
and shall provide Parent copies of any written responses and telephonic
notification of any oral responses by the Company or its counsel.   (c) In
connection with the Offer, the Company will promptly, or shall cause its
transfer agent to promptly, furnish Purchaser with mailing labels, security
position listings, any non-objecting beneficial owner lists and any available
listing containing the names and addresses of the record holders of Common
Shares as of the most recent practicable date and shall furnish
Purchaser with such additional information (including, but not limited to,
updated lists of    -4-   holders of Common Shares and their addresses,
mailing labels and lists of security positions and non-objecting beneficial
owner lists) and such other assistance as Purchaser or its agents may
reasonably request in communicating the Offer to the Company\'s record and
beneficial stockholders. Subject to the requirements of Applicable Law, and
except for such steps as are appropriate to disseminate the Offer Documents
and any other documents necessary to consummate the Offer and the Merger,
Parent, Purchaser and their affiliates, associates, agents and advisors shall
use the information contained in any such labels, listings and files only in
connection with the Offer and the Merger, and, if this Agreement shall be
terminated, will deliver to the Company all copies of such information then
in their possession.   Section 1.4. ADJUSTMENT TO OFFER PRICE.   (a) If
Aggregate Client Revenue (as defined in Annex I hereto) as of the most recent
calendar month-end prior to the acceptance by Purchaser of Common Shares for
payment pursuant to the Offer (the "LAST MONTH-END") (such amount of
Aggregate Client Revenue as of the Last Month-End being hereinafter referred
to as the "LME AMOUNT") is less than the Requisite Revenue Percentage and
greater than 75% of Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000, the
Offer Price shall be equal to (x) the Base Offer Price multiplied by (y) a
quotient, the numerator of which is the LME amount plus an amount equal to
the product of (A) a percentage equal to 100% less the Requisite Revenue
Percentage multiplied by (B) Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000, and
the denominator of which is Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000;
provided that if (1) the LME Amount is less than (2) an amount equal to the
product of the Requisite Revenue Percentage multiplied by Aggregate Client
Revenue as of May 31, 2000 (the "REQUISITE AMOUNT") by an amount that is more
than 5% of Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000 (such shortfall in
excess of Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000, expressed as a
percentage of Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000, the "ADDITIONAL
REVENUE SHORTFALL"), the Offer Price shall also be reduced by an additional
amount equal to (x) the Base Offer Price multiplied by (y) the Additional
Revenue Shortfall. For the avoidance of doubt, the effect of the foregoing
sentence shall be to reduce the Base Offer Price by 1% for every 1% (measured
with respect to Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000) by which the LME
Amount is less than the Requisite Amount for the first 5% (measured with
respect to Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000) shortfall of the LME
Amount from the Requisite Amount, and 2% for every 1% (measured with respect
to Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000) by which the LME Amount is
less than the Requisite Amount for any shortfall of the LME Amount from
the Requisite Amount in excess of the first 5% (measured with respect to
Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000).) Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if, as of the Last Month-End, Fund Approval and Client Consent (each as
defined below) are obtained from Clients (as defined below) the Aggregate
Client Revenue of which accounts together represent the Requisite Amount, the
Offer Price shall be equal to the Base Offer Price. If the LME Amount is less
than 75% of Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000 and Purchaser waives
the conditions set forth in paragraph (b) of Annex I, the Offer Price shall
be adjusted as if the LME Amount were equal to 75% of Aggregate Client
Revenue as of May 31, 2000. For the purposes of this Agreement, the
"REQUISITE REVENUE PERCENTAGE" shall be equal to (x) 90% less (y) the product
of 1.5% times the number of calendar month-ends between the date hereof and
the Last Month-End, including the Last Month-End (so that, for instance, if
the Last Month-End shall be August 31, 2000, the Requisite Revenue Percentage
would be 85.5%).    -5-    (b) In addition, the Offer Price shall also
be subject to reduction by an amount equal to a quotient equal to one-half of
Special Costs (as defined in Section 1.5 of the Company Disclosure Letter)
divided by the total number of outstanding Common Shares (determined on a
fully diluted basis, after giving effect to the exercise or conversion of all
options, rights and securities exercisable or convertible into Common
Shares).   ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   Section 2.1. THE MERGER. Upon the
terms and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions hereof, and
in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the DGCL,
at the Effective Time (as defined below) Purchaser shall be merged with and
into the Company. Following the Merger, the separate corporate existence of
Purchaser shall cease, and the Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the "SURVIVING CORPORATION").   Section 2.2. EFFECTIVE TIME.
As soon as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set
forth in Article VI, the Company and Purchaser shall cause a certificate of
merger (the "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER") to be executed, verified and filed with,
and delivered to, in the manner required by the DGCL, the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware, and the parties shall take such other and further
actions as may be required by Applicable Law to make the Merger effective.
The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger
is duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such
later time as is agreed to by the parties hereto and as specified in the
Certificate of Merger (the "EFFECTIVE TIME"). Prior to the filing referred to
in this Section 2.2, the closing will be held at the offices of Weil, Gotshal
and Manges LLP, 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10153 (or such other place
as the parties may agree) for the purpose of confirming all of the
foregoing.   Section 2.3. EFFECTS OF THE MERGER. From and after the
Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time, all the properties, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of the Company and Purchaser shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all
debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Purchaser shall become the
debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.4.
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION. (a)
The certificate of incorporation of Purchaser as in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the articles of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with the provisions
thereof and Applicable Law, except that Article I of the certificate of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall read until
thereafter amended: "The name of the corporation (the "CORPORATION") is:
United Asset Management Corporation."   (b) The by-laws of Purchaser in
effect at the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of the Surviving
Corporation until amended in accordance with the provisions thereof, the
articles of incorporation and Applicable Law.    -6-    Section 2.5.
DIRECTORS. The directors of Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation and shall hold
office until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified, or their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with
the articles of incorporation and the by-laws of the
Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.6. OFFICERS. The officers of Purchaser
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the
Surviving Corporation and shall hold office until their respective successors
are duly elected or appointed and qualified, or their earlier death,
resignation or removal in accordance with the articles of incorporation and
the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.7. CONVERSION OF
COMMON SHARES. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the holders thereof, each Common Share issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than (i) any
Common Shares held by Parent, Purchaser, any direct or indirect wholly owned
Subsidiary of Parent or Purchaser (the "PARENT SHARES"), or by any wholly
owned Subsidiary of the Company, which Common Shares shall remain
outstanding, and (ii) Dissenting Shares (as defined herein)), shall by virtue
of the Merger be cancelled and retired and shall be converted into the right
to receive pursuant to Section 3.2 the Offer Price, payable to the
holder thereof, without interest thereon, upon surrender of the certificate
formerly representing such Common Share or any replacement certificates
representing such Common Shares as may be obtained from the transfer agent of
the Company.   Section 2.8. CONVERSION OF PURCHASER COMMON STOCK. Purchaser
has outstanding 10 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, all of
which shares are entitled to vote with respect to approval and adoption of
this Agreement. At the Effective Time, each share of common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of Purchaser issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the holder thereof, be converted into and become one validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.9. OPTIONS; STOCK
PLANS.   (a) Prior to the acceptance for payment of Common Shares in the
Offer, the Company Board (or, if appropriate, any committee thereof) shall
adopt appropriate resolutions and take all other actions necessary to provide
for the cancellation, effective at the Effective Time, of all the outstanding
Company Options heretofore granted under any Stock Plan (as defined below)
and Stand-Alone Option Plans (as defined below). Such cancellation shall
occur without any payment therefor except as provided in Section 5.9.   (b)
The Company shall take all actions necessary to provide that, effective as of
the Effective Time, (i) the Option Plan and the Stand-Alone Option Plans
shall be terminated, (ii) the provisions in the Deferral Plans and any other
plan, program or arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any other
interest in respect of the capital stock of the Company shall be deleted, and
(iii) no holder of Company Options or Warrants (as defined below) will have
any    -7-   right to receive any shares of capital stock of the Company
or, if applicable, the Surviving Corporation, upon exercise of any Company
Option or Warrant.   Section 2.10. STOCKHOLDERS\' MEETING.   (a) If
required by Applicable Law in order to consummate the Merger, the Company,
acting through the Company Board, shall, in accordance with Applicable Law,
and provided that this Agreement shall not have been terminated:   (i) duly
call, give notice of, convene and hold a special  meeting of its stockholders
(the "SPECIAL MEETING") to be held as soon  as practicable following the
acceptance for payment of Common Shares  by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer
for the purpose of considering and  taking action upon this Agreement;  
(ii) together with Parent, prepare and file with the SEC a  preliminary proxy
statement soliciting Company stockholder approval of  the Merger and this
Agreement, and use reasonable best efforts to  obtain and furnish the
information required to be included by the SEC  in the Proxy Statement (as
defined below) and, after consultation with  each other, to respond as soon
as practicable to any comments made by  the SEC with respect to the
preliminary proxy statement and cause a  definitive proxy statement (the
"PROXY STATEMENT"), which the parties  agree shall comply as to form in all
material respects with all  Applicable Law, to be mailed to its stockholders
at the earliest  practicable date following expiration or termination of the
Offer; and   (iii) include in the Proxy Statement (x) the recommendation
of  the Company Board that stockholders of the Company vote in favor of  the
approval of the Merger and of this Agreement (except as set forth  in the
proviso to Section 1.3(a)) and (y) the Fairness Opinion in  accordance with
the provisions of Section 1.3(a).   (b) Parent agrees that it will vote, or
cause to be voted, all Common Shares then owned by it, Purchaser or any of
Parent\'s other Subsidiaries in favor of the approval of the Merger and of
this Agreement.   (c) Whenever any event occurs which is required to be set
forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, Parent or the
Company, as the case may be, shall promptly inform the other of each such
occurrence and cooperate in the filing with the SEC and/or mailing to the
Company stockholders of such amendment or supplement. Each of the parties
agrees that the information provided by it for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement and each amendment or supplement thereto, at the time of mailing
thereof and at the time of the Special Meeting, will not include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If, at any time
prior to the Effective Time, any information pertaining to one of the parties
or, to such party\'s knowledge, any of its affiliates or its officers or
directors, contained in or omitted from the Proxy Statement makes statements
contained therein materially false or misleading, such party shall promptly
so advise the other parties and provide such other parties with the
information necessary to make the statements contained therein not false or
misleading. In the event of such advice being given pursuant to the   
-8-   preceding sentence, the Company and Parent shall cooperate to file
promptly with the SEC (after reasonable opportunity for Parent and the
Company to review and comment thereon) any required amendments or supplements
to the Proxy Statement and, to the extent required by Applicable Law,
disseminate such amendments or supplements to the Company stockholders.  
Section 2.11. MERGER WITHOUT MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS. Notwithstanding Section
2.10, in the event that Purchaser shall acquire pursuant to the Offer such
number of Common Shares which, when aggregated with the number of
Common Shares otherwise beneficially owned by Parent, represents 90% of the
total number of outstanding Common Shares on the date of, and after giving
effect to, such acquisition, the parties hereto agree to take all necessary
and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as
practicable after the acceptance for payment of Common Shares by Purchaser
pursuant to the Offer without a meeting of stockholders of the Company, in
accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL.   ARTICLE III   DISSENTING
SHARES; PAYMENT FOR COMMON SHARES   Section 3.1. DISSENTING SHARES.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Common Shares
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are held by
stockholders (i) who shall have neither voted for approval and adoption of
this Agreement and the Merger nor consented thereto in writing and (ii) who
shall be entitled to and who shall have demanded properly in writing
appraisal for such Common Shares in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL
("DISSENTING SHARES"), shall not be converted into the right to receive the
Offer Price at or after the Effective Time unless and until the holder of
such Common Shares fails to perfect, withdraws or otherwise loses
such holder\'s right to appraisal. If a holder of Dissenting Shares shall
withdraw (in accordance with Section 262(k) of the DGCL) his or her demand
for such appraisal or shall become ineligible for such appraisal, then, as of
the Effective Time or the occurrence of such event, whichever last occurs,
such holder\'s Common Shares shall cease to be Dissenting Shares and shall be
converted into and represent the right to receive the Offer Price, without
interest thereon. The Company shall give Parent prompt notice of any written
demands for appraisal received by the Company and the opportunity to
participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for
appraisal. The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent, make any payment with respect to, or offer to settle or settle, or
otherwise negotiate, any such demands.   Section 3.2. PAYMENT FOR COMMON
SHARES.   (a) Prior to the Effective Time, Purchaser shall designate a bank
or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as paying agent
(the "PAYING AGENT") in effecting the payment of the Offer Price in respect
of certificates that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represent
Common Shares (the "CERTIFICATES") entitled to payment of the Offer Price
pursuant to Section 2.7. At the Effective Time, Parent or Purchaser shall
deposit, or cause to be deposited, in trust, upon terms (including as to the
release of such funds to holders of Common Shares upon consummation of the
Merger) reasonably acceptable to the Company,    -9-   with the Paying
Agent the aggregate Offer Price to which holders of Common Shares shall be
entitled at the Effective Time pursuant to Section 2.7.   (b) Promptly
after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent shall mail to each record holder
of Certificates a form of letter of transmittal which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates
shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent
and instructions for use in surrendering such Certificates and receiving the
Offer Price in respect thereof. Upon the surrender of each such Certificate,
together with a duly executed letter of transmittal and any other required
documents, the Paying Agent shall, as soon as practicable, pay the holder of
such Certificate an amount equal to the product of (x) the Offer
Price multiplied by (y) the number of Common Shares formerly represented by
such Certificate, in consideration therefor, and such Certificate shall
forthwith be cancelled. Until so surrendered, each such Certificate (other
than Certificates representing Common Shares held by Parent or Purchaser, any
wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent or Purchaser, in the treasury of the
Company or by any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company or Dissenting
Shares) shall represent solely the right to receive the aggregate Offer Price
relating thereto. No interest or dividends shall be paid or accrued on the
Offer Price. If the Offer Price (or any portion thereof) is to be delivered
to any individual, corporation, trust, association, unincorporated
association, estate, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company,
Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 4.1) or other legal entity (each,
a "PERSON"), other than the Person in whose name the Certificate surrendered
is registered, it shall be a condition to such right to receive such Offer
Price that the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or
otherwise be in proper form for transfer, that the signatures on the
Certificate shall be properly guaranteed, and that the Person surrendering
such Common Shares shall pay to the Paying Agent any transfer or other Taxes
required by reason of the payment of the Offer Price to a Person other than
the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or shall establish to
the satisfaction of the Paying Agent that such Taxes have been paid or are
not applicable. In the event any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or
destroyed, the Paying Agent shall be required to pay the full Offer Price in
respect of any Common Shares represented by such Certificate; however, Parent
may require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate to
execute and deliver to the Paying Agent a form of affidavit claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Parent, and the posting by such owner of a bond in such
amount as Parent may determine is reasonably necessary as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against Parent or the Paying Agent.   (c)
Promptly following the date which is 120 days after the Effective Time, the
Paying Agent shall deliver to the Surviving Corporation all
cash, Certificates and other documents in its possession relating to the
transactions contemplated hereby, and the Paying Agent\'s duties shall
terminate. Thereafter, each holder of a Certificate may surrender such
Certificate to the Surviving Corporation and (subject to applicable abandoned
property, escheat and similar Applicable Law) receive in consideration
therefor the aggregate Offer Price relating thereto, without any interest or
dividends thereon, except as required under Applicable Law. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of Parent, Purchaser, the Company or the Paying Agent
shall be liable to any Person in respect of any cash delivered to a public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
Applicable Law. If any Certificates shall not have been surrendered
immediately prior to such date on which any payment pursuant to this Article
III would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental
Entity, the    -10-   cash payment in respect of such Certificate shall,
to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, become the property of the
Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interests of any
Person previously entitled thereto.   (d) Immediately prior to the Effective
Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and, after the
Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of
the Surviving Corporation of any Common Shares which were outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent,
they shall be surrendered and cancelled in return for the payment of the
aggregate Offer Price relating thereto, as provided in this Article III.  
(e) From and after the Effective Time, the holders of Certificates evidencing
ownership of Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such Common Shares except
as otherwise provided herein or by Applicable Law. Such holders shall have no
rights, after the Effective Time, with respect to such Common Shares except
to surrender such Certificates in exchange for the Offer Price pursuant to
this Agreement or to perfect any rights of appraisal as a holder
of Dissenting Shares that such holders may have pursuant to Section 262 of
the DGCL.   (f) Each of Parent, Purchaser, the Paying Agent and the
Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder
Common Shares such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with
respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, and any successor thereto (the "CODE") and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, or any provision of state, local or
foreign Tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Parent,
Surviving Corporation, Purchaser or Paying Agent, as the case may be, such
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the Common Shares in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made by Parent, Surviving Corporation,
Purchaser or Paying Agent, as the case may be.   ARTICLE IV  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   Section 4.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE COMPANY. Except as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered to
Parent by the Company on or prior to entering into this Agreement (the
"COMPANY DISCLOSURE LETTER"), the Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent that (it being understood that the words "to the Knowledge of the
Company" or "the Company\'s Knowledge" and any words of similar import shall
mean the actual knowledge of the persons whose names are set forth in Section
4.1(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter):   (a) ORGANIZATION, GOOD STANDING
AND QUALIFICATION. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined
below) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization and has all
requisite corporate or similar power and authority to own and operate its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted and
is qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
in each jurisdiction where the ownership or operation of its properties
or    -11-   conduct of its business requires such qualification, except
where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, when taken together
with all other such failures, is not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined
below). The Company has made available to Parent complete and correct copies
of the Company\'s and its material Subsidiaries\' (including all active,
directly owned, domestic Subsidiaries\') charters and bylaws, each as amended
to date. The Company\'s and its material Subsidiaries\' charters and bylaws
made available are in full force and effect. Section 4.1(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter contains, as qualified therein, a correct and complete list
of all Subsidiaries of the Company.   As used in this Agreement, the term
(x) "SUBSIDIARY" means, with respect to the Company or Parent, as the case
may be, any Person (other than pooled investment vehicles that constitute
Exempt Fund Clients), of which at least a majority of the securities or
ownership interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a
majority of the Board of Directors or other persons performing similar
functions, or a general partner interest or managing membership interest, is
directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party or by one or more of
its respective Subsidiaries and (y) "COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means a
material adverse effect on the financial condition, operations, properties,
business or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole (other than any change or effect arising out of (A) a decline or
deterioration in the economy or the capital markets in general or the markets
in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate, or (B) this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby or the announcement thereof) or an
effect which is reasonably likely to prevent, materially delay or materially
impair the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or to carry on the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, substantially in the same manner as currently
conducted.   (b) CAPITAL STRUCTURE. The authorized stock of the Company
consists of 200,000,000 Common Shares, of which 56,525,502 Common Shares were
outstanding as of the close of business on June 15, 2000, and 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share, of which none were
outstanding as of the date hereof. All of the outstanding Common Shares have
been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The Company has no commitments to issue or deliver Common Shares except that,
as of June 15, 2000, there were 16,924,597 Common Shares reserved for
issuance pursuant to the United Asset Management Corporation Second Amended
and Restated 1994 Stock Option Plan (the "OPTION PLAN)", the United Asset
Management Corporation Stock Option Deferral Plan and the United Asset
Management Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (such two plans, the
"DEFERRAL PLANS") and the Stand-Alone Option Plans (the "STAND-ALONE OPTION
PLANS") identified in Section 4.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter (the
Stand-Alone Option Plans, together with the Option Plan and the Deferral
Plans, the "STOCK PLANS"), and except for shares issuable pursuant to
outstanding warrants (the "WARRANTS"). Section 4.1(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter contains a correct and complete list of the
Warrants, each outstanding option to purchase Common Shares under the Stock
Plans (each a "COMPANY OPTION"), including the holder, date of grant,
exercise price and number of Common Shares subject thereto. Each of the
outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities of each of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and owned by the Company or by a direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company, free and clear of any lien, pledge, security
interest, claim or other encumbrance. Except as set forth above, there are no
Common Shares authorized, re-     -12-   served, issued or outstanding
and there are no preemptive or other outstanding rights, subscriptions,
options, warrants, stock appreciation rights, redemption rights, repurchase
rights, registration rights, convertible securities or other agreements,
arrangements or commitments of any character relating to the issued or
unissued share capital or other ownership interest of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or any other securities or obligations convertible
or exchangeable into or exercisable for, or giving any Person a right to
subscribe for or acquire, any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
and no securities evidencing such rights are authorized, issued or
outstanding. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has outstanding
any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of which have
the right to vote (or convertible into or exercisable for securities having
the right to vote) with the stockholders of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries on any matter ("VOTING DEBT").   (c) CORPORATE AUTHORITY;
APPROVAL AND FAIRNESS.   (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power
and authority  and has taken all corporate action necessary in order to
execute,  deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to 
consummate, subject only to approval of the Merger by the holders of a 
majority of the outstanding Common Shares entitled to vote on the  matter
(the "COMPANY REQUISITE VOTE"), the Merger. This Agreement is a  valid and
binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the  Company in
accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,  insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and  similar laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting  creditors\' rights and to general
equity principles (the "BANKRUPTCY  AND EQUITY EXCEPTION").   (ii) The
Board of Directors of the Company (A) has duly adopted the  plan of merger
set forth herein and approved this Agreement and the  other transactions
contemplated hereby, (B) has declared that the  Merger and this Agreement and
the other transactions contemplated  hereby are advisable and in the best
interests of the Company and its  stockholders, and (C) has received the
Fairness Opinion.   (d) GOVERNMENTAL FILINGS; NO VIOLATIONS.   (i) Other
than the filings and/or notices (A) pursuant to Section  2.2 or as set forth
in Section 4.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter,  (B) under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as  amended (the "HSR ACT"),
the Exchange Act, the Securities Act of 1933, as  amended (the "SECURITIES
ACT"), the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  "1940 ACT"), the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "ADVISERS  ACT") and the Change in Bank
Control Act, as amended (the "BANK CONTROL  ACT"), (C) to comply with state
banking or securities or "blue-sky" laws,  and (D) required to be made with
the NYSE, the National Association of  Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") and
other applicable self-regulatory  organizations, no filings, reports or
notices are required to be made by  the Company with, nor are any consents,
registrations, approvals, permits  or authorizations required to be obtained
by the Company from, any  governmental or regulatory authority, agency,
commission, body or other  governmental entity ("GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY"), in
connection with the  execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company
and the  consummation by the Company of the Merger and the other
transactions  contemplated hereby.    -13-     (ii) The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by  the Company do not, and the
consummation by the Company of the Merger and  the other transactions
contemplated hereby will not, constitute or result  in (A) a breach or
violation of, or a default under, the charter or bylaws  of the Company or
the comparable governing instruments of any of its  Subsidiaries, (B) a
breach or violation of, or a default under, the  acceleration of any
obligations or the creation of a lien, pledge, security  interest or other
encumbrance on the assets of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to,  any agreement, lease,
contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or  other obligation,
whether written or oral ("CONTRACTS" and individually, a  "CONTRACT"),
binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (provided,  as to
consummation, the filings, reports and notices are made, and  approvals are
obtained, as referred to in Section 4.1(d)(i)) or any  Applicable Law or
governmental or non-governmental permit, registration,  authorization or
license to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is  subject, or (C)
any change in the rights or obligations of any party under  any Contract,
except, in the case of clause (B) or (C) above, for any  breach, violation,
default, acceleration, creation or change that is not,  individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a Company  Material Adverse Effect.
Section 4.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter  sets forth a correct and
complete list of all Material Contracts (as  defined below) of the Company
and its Subsidiaries pursuant to which  consents or waivers are or may be
required prior to consummation of the  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (whether or not subject to the  exception set forth with respect to
clauses (B) and (C) above).   (e) COMPANY REPORTS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS;
UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.   (i) The Company has delivered or made available
to Parent each  registration statement, report, proxy statement or
information statement  prepared by it since December 31, 1997, including the
Company\'s Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999
(the "AUDIT DATE,"  and such report on Form 10-K, the "COMPANY 1999 10-K") in
the form  (including exhibits, annexes and any amendments thereto) filed with
the SEC  (collectively, including any such reports filed with the SEC
subsequent to  the date hereof, the "COMPANY REPORTS"). As of their
respective dates, the  Company Reports did not, and any Company Reports filed
with the SEC  subsequent to the date hereof will not, contain any untrue
statement of a  material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated  therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of
the  circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. Each of the 
consolidated balance sheets included in or incorporated by reference into 
the Company Reports (including the related notes and schedules) fairly 
presents, or will fairly present, the consolidated financial position of  the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of its date and each of the  consolidated
statements of income and of cash flows included in or  incorporated by
reference into the Company Reports (including any related  notes and
schedules) fairly presents, or will fairly present, the results  of
operations, retained earnings and changes in financial position, as the  case
may be, of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods set forth 
therein (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to notes and normal 
year-end audit adjustments that will not be material in amount or effect), 
in each case in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in 
the United States ("U.S.      -14-    GAAP") consistently applied
during the periods involved, except as may be  noted therein.   (ii) Except
for those liabilities that are disclosed in the  Company Reports filed prior
to the date hereof, neither the Company nor any  of its Subsidiaries has
incurred any liability of any nature whatsoever  (whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise and whether due or to  become due) that, individually
or in the aggregate, has had or is  reasonably likely to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   (f) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Except as
disclosed in the Company Reports filed prior to the date hereof, since the
Audit Date the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective
businesses only in, and have not engaged in any material transaction other
than according to, the ordinary and usual course of such businesses
consistent with past practice and there has not been (i) any change in the
financial condition, operations, properties, business or results of
operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any development or
combination of developments, that, individually or in the aggregate, has
had or is reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (ii)
any damage, destruction or other casualty loss with respect to any material
asset or property owned, leased or otherwise used by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, whether or not covered by insurance, except for such
damage, destruction or other casualty loss which, individually or in the
aggregate, has not had and is not reasonably likely to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect; (iii) any change by the Company in Tax or accounting
principles, practices or methods other than as required by U.S. GAAP or
Applicable Law or as disclosed in the Company Reports filed prior to the date
hereof; or (iv) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
other distribution in respect of the stock of the Company, other than regular
quarterly cash dividends paid by the Company not in excess of $0.20 per
Common Share. Since the Audit Date, except as provided for herein or as
disclosed in the Company Reports filed prior to the date hereof, there has
not been any increase in the compensation payable or that would become
payable by the Company to officers or key employees of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any amendment of any of the Compensation and Benefit
Plans (as defined in Section 4.1(i)) other than increases or amendments in
the ordinary course consistent with past practice.   (g) PROXY STATEMENT;
OFFER DOCUMENTS. The Proxy Statement will comply in all material respects
with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, except that no representation
is made by the Company with respect to information supplied by Parent for
inclusion in the Proxy Statement. None of the information supplied by the
Company in writing for inclusion in the Offer Documents or provided by the
Company in the Schedule 14D-9 will, at the respective times that the Offer
Documents and the Schedule 14D-9 are filed with the SEC and are
first published or sent or given to holders of Common Shares, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.   (h) LITIGATION AND LIABILITIES. Except as disclosed in the
Company Reports filed prior to the date hereof, there are no (i) civil,
criminal or administrative actions, suits, claims, hearings, investigations,
inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii)
obligations or li-    -15-   abilities of any nature, whether or not
accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether or not required to be disclosed,
or any other facts or circumstances of which the Company has Knowledge that
is reasonably likely to result in any claims against, or obligations or
liabilities of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for those that
are not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   (i) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.   (i) A copy of
each material bonus, incentive, deferred  compensation, pension, retirement,
profit-sharing, thrift, savings,  employee stock ownership, stock bonus,
stock purchase, restricted stock,  stock option, employment, termination,
severance, compensation, medical,  health, welfare, fringe benefits or other
plan, or agreement that covers  employees, directors, former employees or
former directors of the Company  or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to
service for the Company or any  of its Subsidiaries (the "COMPENSATION AND
BENEFIT PLANS") and any trust  agreement or insurance contract forming a part
of any such Compensation  and Benefit Plan has been made available to Parent
prior to the date  hereof. The Compensation and Benefit Plans are listed in
Section 4.1(i) of  the Company Disclosure Letter.   (ii) All Compensation
and Benefit Plans are in substantial  compliance with all Applicable Law,
including the Code and the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended ("ERISA"), and any  regulations and rules promulgated thereunder
and any applicable foreign  law. Each Compensation and Benefit Plan that is
an "employee pension  benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
ERISA (a "PENSION  PLAN") and that is intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the  Code has received a favorable determination letter from the
Internal  Revenue Service (the "IRS"), and to the Knowledge of the Company,
there are  no existing circumstances that are reasonably likely to result
in  revocation of any such favorable determination letter. There is no
pending  or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened legal action, suit,
claim  or governmental investigation relating to any of the Compensation
and  Benefit Plans, other than claims for benefits in the ordinary course. 
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a  transaction
with respect to any Compensation and Benefit Plan that,  assuming the taxable
period of such transaction expired as of the date  hereof, would be
reasonably likely to subject the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries to a
material Tax or penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of  the Code or
Section 502 of ERISA.   (iii) None of the Compensation and Benefit Plans is
subject to  Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or 4971 of the
Code. None  of the Company and its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective
ERISA  Affiliates (as defined below) has, at any time during the last six
years,  contributed to or been obligated to contribute to any "multiemployer
plan"  within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA (a "MULTIEMPLOYER
PLAN");  and (iii) none of the Company and its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA
Affiliates  has incurred any liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of
a  complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as those
terms  are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, that has not
been  satisfied in full. "ERISA AFFILIATE" means, with respect to the Company
or  any of its Subsidiaries, any entity, trade or business, that is a member
of  a group described in Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or
Section    -16-    4001(b)(1) of ERISA that includes the Company or such
Subsidiary, or that  is a member of the same "controlled group" as the
Company or such  Subsidiary pursuant to Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.  
(iv) All material contributions required to be made under the  terms of any
Compensation and Benefit Plan as of the date hereof have been  made or have
been reflected on the Company\'s or the appropriate  Subsidiary\'s most
recent financial statements.   (v) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries have any  obligations for retiree health and life benefits under
any Compensation and  Benefit Plan, other than benefits mandated under
Section 4980B of the Code  or by other Applicable Law, or pursuant to
individual agreements.   (vi) The consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement (including as a result of any
termination of  employment in connection therewith) will not (A) entitle any
employee,  consultant or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to any  payment (including severance pay or similar compensation) or any
increase  in compensation, (B) accelerate the time of payment or vesting or
trigger  any payment of compensation or benefits under, increase the amount
payable  or trigger any other material obligation pursuant to, any of the 
Compensation and Benefit Plans, or (C) result in any payment becoming due  by
Parent, Purchaser, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would be 
subject to Sections 162(m), 280G or 4999 of the Code.   (vii) With respect
to each Compensation and Benefit Plan, if  applicable, the Company has
provided, made available, or will make  available upon request, to Parent,
true and complete copies of existing:  (A) the most recent Form 5500 filed
with the IRS; (B) the most recent  financial statement; (C) the most recent
summary plan description; and (D)  the most recent determination letter
issued by the IRS.   (j) LABOR MATTERS REPRESENTATION. Except, in each case,
as is not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect:   (i) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party  to any labor or collective bargaining agreement and
there are no labor or  collective bargaining agreements which pertain to
employees of the Company  or any of its Subsidiaries nor are any such
employees represented by any  labor organization. No labor organization or
group of employees of the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries has made a
pending demand for  recognition or certification, and there are no
representation or  certification proceedings or petitions seeking a
representation proceeding  presently pending or, to the Company\'s Knowledge,
threatened in writing to  be brought or filed with the National Labor
Relations Board or any other  labor relations tribunal or authority. There
are no organizing activities  involving the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries pending with any labor  organization or group of employees of
the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.   (ii) There are no strikes, work
stoppages, slowdowns, lockouts,  material arbitrations or material grievances
or other material labor  disputes pending or, to the Com-    -17-    
pany\'s Knowledge, threatened in writing against or involving the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries. There are no unfair labor practice charges, 
grievances or complaints pending or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, threatened 
in writing by or on behalf of any employee or group of employees of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (iii) There are no complaints, charges
or claims against the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the
Company\'s Knowledge,  threatened which could be brought or filed, with any
public or governmental  authority, arbitrator or court based on, arising out
of, in connection  with, or otherwise relating to the employment or
termination of employment  by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, of any
individual.   (iv) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in
compliance  with all laws, regulations and orders relating to the employment
of labor,  including all such laws, regulations and orders relating to wages,
hours,  WARN, collective bargaining, discrimination, civil rights, safety
and  health, workers\' compensation and the collection and payment of
withholding  and/or social security taxes and any similar tax except for
immaterial  non-compliance.   (v) There has been no "mass layoff" or "plant
closing" as defined  by WARN with respect to the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries within the  six (6) months prior to this Agreement.   (k)
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS; PERMITS. Except in each case as is not,
individually or in the aggregate, likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect:   (i) the businesses of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
have not been and are not being conducted in violation of any federal, 
state, local or foreign law, statute or ordinance, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order, injunction, decree, arbitration award, agency requirement, 
license or permit of any Governmental Entity ("APPLICABLE LAWS");   (ii) (A)
the businesses of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries  are in compliance
with all requirements under Applicable Law for permits,  licenses,
trademarks, patents, trade names, copyrights, service marks,  franchises,
variances, exemptions, authorizations, orders, consents and  other
authorizations and approvals of Governmental Entities that are  required to
permit the Company and its Subsidiaries to own or lease its  properties and
assets, and to conduct its business as presently conducted;  and (B) all of
the material permits, licenses, certificates of authority,  orders and
approvals of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries are in  full force and
effect and are current and, to the Company\'s Knowledge, no  suspension or
cancellation of any of them is threatened or is reasonably  likely;   (iii)
(A) the businesses of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries  that are
required to be licensed or registered as a broker/dealer, an  investment
adviser, a registered representative, a commodity trading  advisor, commodity
pool operator, futures commission merchant, trust  company, or transfer agent
(or in a similar capacity) with any Governmental  Entity, are duly registered
or licensed or, in the case of any officer or  employee, in the process of
being duly licensed or registered as such, and  each such regis-   
-18-    tration or license is in full force and effect; and (B) each of
the  officers, employees and affiliates of each of Company and its
Subsidiaries  that is required to be registered or licensed as a
broker/dealer, an  investment adviser, a registered representative, an
investment adviser  representative, a commodity trading advisor, a commodity
pool operator, a  futures commission merchant, a trust company, a transfer
agent or a sales  person (or in a similar capacity) with any Governmental
Entity, is duly  registered or licensed or, in the case of any officer or
employee, in the  process of being duly registered or licensed as such, and
each such  registration or license is in full force and effect;   (iv) none
of the Company and its Subsidiaries have received,  since January 1, 1998,
any notification or communication in writing, from  any Governmental Entity
(A) threatening to revoke or condition the  continuation of any material
license, franchise, seat on any exchange,  permit, or governmental
authorization or (B) restricting or disqualifying  their activities (except
for restrictions generally imposed by rule,  regulation or administrative
policy on similarly regulated persons and  entities generally);   (v) to
the Company\'s Knowledge, there are no pending or  threatened investigations,
examinations, audits, reviews or disciplinary  proceedings by any
Governmental Entity, other than investigations,  examinations, audits and
reviews conducted in the ordinary course of the  business of the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any director, managing  director, officer or employee
of the Company or any such Subsidiary;   (vi) to the Company\'s Knowledge,
no material change is required  in the Company\'s or any of its
Subsidiaries\' processes, properties or  procedures in connection with any
Applicable Laws, and the Company has not  received any written notice or
communication of any material noncompliance  with any such Applicable Law
that has not been cured as of the date hereof;   (vii) the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries have adopted and  implemented and have in place as of the
date hereof compliance procedures  designed to preclude it, its Subsidiaries,
and the officers, directors, and  employees of Company and its Subsidiaries
from engaging in any "prohibited  transaction" within the meaning of Section
406 of ERISA or Section 4975(c)  of the Code, which would subject Company to
liability, penalty or Taxes  under Sections 409 or 502(i) of ERISA or Section
4975 of the Code in  connection with any Compensation and Benefit Plan with
respect to which  Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a "party-in-interest"
within the  meaning of Section 3(14) of ERISA;   (viii) each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries have administered  all accounts for which such Person
acts as fiduciary or agent, including  but not limited to accounts for which
it serves as a trustee, agent,  custodian, personal representative, guardian
or conservator, in substantial  compliance with the terms of the governing
documents and Applicable Law;   (ix) except as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Letter,  neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any
of their respective  directors, officers or employees is subject to any cease
and desist,  censure or other disciplinary or similar order issued by, or is
a party to  any written agreement, consent agreement, memorandum of
understanding or    -19-    disciplinary agreement with, or is a party
to any commitment letter or  similar undertaking to, or subject to any order
or directive by, or a  recipient of any supervisory letter from, any
Governmental Entity with  respect to the business of such person;   (x)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is  registered as, or is
required to be registered as, an investment company  under the 1940 Act;
and   (xi) each Form ADV filed by each of the Company and its  Subsidiaries
that is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act  in its most
recent form filed with the SEC, including any amendments  thereto filed with
the SEC, is complete and correct in all material  respects and omits no
material facts required to be stated therein.   (l) TAKEOVER STATUTES. No
restrictive provision of any "fair price," "moratorium," "control share
acquisition," "interested shareholder" or other similar anti-takeover statute
or regulation (each a "TAKEOVER STATUTE") (including Section 203 of the DGCL)
or any restrictive provision of any applicable anti-takeover provision in the
Company\'s charter and bylaws is, or at the Effective Time will be,
applicable to the Company, the Common Shares, the Offer, the Merger, or the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (m) TAXES. (i) The
Company, each of its Subsidiaries, and any affiliated, consolidated, combined
or unitary group of which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or was a
member, (A) have or will have filed (taking into account any extension of
time within which to file) all material Tax Returns (as defined below)
required to be filed by any of them and all such filed Tax Returns are or
will be complete and accurate in all material respects; (B) except for Taxes
properly and adequately reserved for on its financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, have timely paid all Taxes due and payable by any
of them and (C) have withheld from amounts owing to any employee, creditor or
other person all Taxes required by Applicable Law to be withheld and have
paid over to the proper governmental authority all such withheld amounts
to the extent due and payable, except where the failure to file such Tax
Returns or pay or withhold such Taxes or the failure of such Tax Returns to
be complete and accurate in all material respects would not be reasonably
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;   (ii) as of the date
hereof, there are not pending or threatened in writing any audits,
examinations, investigations, litigation, or other proceedings in respect of
income Taxes of the Company or any Subsidiary;   (iii) as of the date
hereof, no deficiencies for any income Taxes have been proposed, asserted or
assessed against the Company or any of the Subsidiaries that have not been
fully paid or adequately provided for in the appropriate financial statements
of the Company and its Subsidiaries;   (iv) as of the date hereof, no
waivers or comparable consents of the time to assess any income Taxes are
outstanding, and no power of attorney granted by the Company or any
Subsidiary with respect to any income Taxes is currently in force;   (v) as
of the date hereof, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries has agreed to or
is required to make any adjustments under Section 481(a) of the Code, or is a
party to any    -20-   Tax allocation, Tax sharing agreement, any
closing agreement or similar agreement with any Taxing authority in respect
of income Taxes;   (vi) except as would not be, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and
except for Fund Clients (as defined below) as to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is not the sponsor ("SUBADVISORY FUND CLIENTS"), to the best
Knowledge of the Company: (A) each Fund Client has elected to be treated as,
and has qualified as, a "regulated investment company" under Subchapter M of
Chapter 1 of Subtitle A of the Code; (B) each Fund Client has or will have
timely filed all Tax Returns that it is required to file and all such filed
Tax Returns are or will be complete and accurate in all material respects;
(C) except for Taxes properly and adequately reserved for on its financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, each Fund Client has timely paid all
Taxes due and payable by it; (D) each Fund Client has complied with all
required Tax information reporting requirements to which it is subject, (E)
each Fund Client with variable insurance trust portfolios has complied with
the diversification requirements of Section 817 of the Code; (F) no Fund
Client has been or is subject to the excise Tax imposed under Section 4982 of
the Code; and (G) each Fund Client that is intended to be a tax-exempt
municipal bond fund has satisfied the requirements of Section 852(b)(5) of
the Code, and is qualified to pay exempt interest dividends as defined
therein.   (vii) As used in this Agreement, (i) the term "TAX"
(including, with correlative meaning, the terms "TAXES", and "TAXABLE")
includes all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits, premium,
franchise, gross receipts, environmental, customs duty, capital stock,
severance, stamp, payroll, sales, employment, unemployment, disability, use,
property, withholding, excise, production, value added, occupancy and other
taxes, duties or governmental levies of any nature whatsoever, together with
all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts
and any interest in respect of such penalties and additions, and (ii) the
term "TAX RETURN" includes all returns and reports (including elections,
declarations, disclosures, schedules, estimates and information returns)
required to be supplied to a Tax authority relating to Taxes.   (n)
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.   (i) Except as disclosed in Company Reports filed
prior to the  date hereof or as is not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably  likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect: to the
Knowledge of the  Company, there are no valid grounds for any bona fide
claims (A) to the  effect that the distribution, sale, licensing or use of
any product as now  used, sold or licensed or proposed for use, sale or
license by the Company  or any of its Subsidiaries, infringes on any
copyright, patent, trademark,  trade name, service mark or trade secret; (B)
against the use by the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries, of any
Intellectual Property used in  the business of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries as currently  conducted or as proposed to be conducted; (C)
challenging the ownership,  validity or enforceability of any of the Company
Intellectual Property  Rights or other trade secret material to the Company
or any of its  Subsidiaries; or (D) challenging the license or legally
enforceable right  to use of the Third-Party Intellectual Rights by the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.   (ii) As used in this Agreement, the
term (x) "INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY" means all patents, trademarks, trade names,
service marks,  copyrights and any applications therefor,    -21-   
technology, know-how, computer software programs or applications, and 
tangible or intangible proprietary information or materials; (y)  "THIRD-
PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" means any third-party patents, 
trademarks, trade names, service marks and copyrights; and (z) "COMPANY 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" means the patents, registered and material 
unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks, registered 
copyrights, and any applications therefor owned by the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries.   (o) BROKERS AND FINDERS. Neither the Company nor any of its
officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or finder or
incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or finders\' fees
in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated in this
Agreement except that the Company has employed the Financial Advisor as its
financial advisor, the arrangements with which have been disclosed to Parent
prior to the date hereof.   (p) MATERIAL CONTRACTS. All of the Contracts of
the Company and its Subsidiaries that are required to be described in the
Company Reports or to be filed as exhibits thereto are described in the
Company Reports or filed as exhibits thereto, respectively, and are in full
force and effect. The Company has previously made available to Parent true
and correct copies of all agreements evidencing material indebtedness (other
than intercompany indebtedness) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in
each case including all amendments thereto (together with the Contracts
referred to in the first sentence of this paragraph (p) and any other
material Contracts of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including all revenue
sharing contracts, contracts of the Company to finance or otherwise support
the operations of its Subsidiaries or compensate employees of its
Subsidiaries, and all contracts for the acquisition of Subsidiaries, the
"MATERIAL CONTRACTS"). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor,
to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party is in breach of or in
default under any Material Contract except for such breaches and defaults as
are not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   (q) INVESTMENT CONTRACTS, FUNDS AND
CLIENTS.   (i) Certain of the Company\'s Subsidiaries provide investment 
management, investment advisory and sub-advisory and certain other related 
services (each such Subsidiary, an "ADVISORY ENTITY"). Each Contract for 
such services is referred to herein as an "INVESTMENT CONTRACT"; each other 
party thereto or other Person with respect to which an Advisory Entity 
provides investment advice thereunder is referred herein to as a "CLIENT"; 
each Client that is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act 
is referred to herein as a "FUND CLIENT"; and each Client that is an 
investment company but is exempt from registration under the 1940 Act by 
virtue of sections 3(c)(1) and 3(c)(7) of that Act is referred to herein as 
an "EXEMPT FUND CLIENT."   (A) Except as is not, individually or in the
aggregate,  reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect,
there  does not exist under any Investment Contract any event or condition 
that, after notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an event  of
default thereunder on the part of the Company or such Subsidiary,  or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto.    -22-     (B)
Except as is not, individually or in the aggregate,  reasonably likely to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each  commodity trading advisor
disclosure document provided by the Company  or any of its Subsidiaries to
any Client did not contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact  necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in light of  the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.   (C) Except as is not, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, neither  the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Company\'s Knowledge,  any other
person "associated" with the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries (as defined
under the Advisers Act), has been convicted  of any crime or has been subject
to any disqualification that would be  a basis for denial, suspension, or
revocation of registration of an  investment adviser under Section 203(e) of
the Advisers Act or Rule  206(4)-4(b) thereunder or of a broker-dealer under
Section 15 of the  Exchange Act during the five-year period immediately
preceding the  date hereof; and, to the Knowledge of Company, there is no
basis for,  or proceeding or investigation that could reasonably be expected
to  become the basis for, any such disqualification, denial, suspension or 
revocation.   (ii) FUND CLIENTS.   (A) Except in the case of Subadvisory
Fund Clients, each Fund  Client is, and at all times required under the
securities laws has  been, duly registered with the SEC as an investment
company under the  1940 Act; and each Fund Client, except for Subadvisory
Fund Clients,  and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably  be likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, is in
compliance  with (1) the Applicable Laws, regulations, rules or orders of the
SEC,  NASD, the IRS, and any other governmental agency or self-regulatory 
body having jurisdiction over such Fund Client or its distributor or 
investment adviser, (2) the Applicable Laws of any state in which such  Fund
Client is registered, qualified, or sold, and (3) the terms and  conditions
of its Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information.   (B)(1) Except
as is not, individually or in the aggregate,  reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, each  Investment Contract in effect on the
date hereof between the Company  or any of its Subsidiaries and a Fund Client
or any other investment  company registered under the 1940 Act and any
subsequent renewal has  been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Company or such  Subsidiary, as the case may be, the Fund Client and, to the
Knowledge  of the Company, each other party thereto, if any; and is a valid
and  legally binding agreement, enforceable against the Company or such 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, and, to the Knowledge of Company, each  other
party thereto; and (2) each Investment Contract with a Fund  Client, except
in the case of Subadvisory Fund Clients, and except as  is not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have a  Company Material Adverse
Effect, has been adopted in compliance with  Section 15 of the 1940 Act and,
if applicable, Rule 12b-1 thereunder.    -23-     (C) Each current
Prospectus (which term, as used in this  Agreement, shall include any related
statement of additional  information), as amended or supplemented, relating
to each Fund Client  (except Subadvisory Fund Clients), is in substantial
compliance with  the requirements of the Securities Act and the 1940 Act,
applicable  state laws and, where applicable, the rules of the NASD. None of
such  prospectuses, amendments or supplements, as of their respective
dates,  includes or included an untrue statement of a material fact or
omits  or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which  they
were made, not misleading.   (D) Except in the case of Subadvisory Fund
Clients, and except  as is not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
likely to have  a Company Material Adverse Effect, none of the Investment
Contracts  between a Fund Client and the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company  contains any undertaking by such entity to cap fees or to
reimburse  any or all fees thereunder, except as of the date hereof, (i) as
may  be disclosed in the applicable Fund Client Financial Statements or 
(ii) as has been previously disclosed, and except, as of any other  date on
or prior to the Effective Time as may be agreed from time to  time with the
Board of any Fund Client on terms deemed to be in the  best interests of such
Fund Client and its shareholders.   (E) Except in the case of Subadvisory
Fund Clients, and except  as is not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably likely to have  a Company Material Adverse Effect, each
distribution plan adopted by  the Board of a Fund Client under Rule 12b-1
under the 1940 Act ("12B-1  PLAN") (or form of 12b-1 Plan adopted by similar
series or classes of  shares offered by more than one investment company
registered under  the 1940 Act) and all payments due since January 1, 1998
under each  distribution or principal underwriting agreement to which any
Fund  Client is a party have been made in compliance with the related 12b-1 
Plan; and the operation of each such 12b-1 Plan currently complies  with Rule
12b-1.   (F) Except in the case of Subadvisory Fund Clients, and  except as
is not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely  to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, (1) each of the Fund  Clients has issued its
shares, units or other interests and operated  in substantial compliance with
its investment objectives and policies  and with Applicable Law, including
Section 17 of the 1940 Act; and (2)  each Board of a Fund Client has been
established and operates in  conformity with the requirements and
restrictions of Sections 10 and  16 of the 1940 Act.   (G) Each Subsidiary
of the Company that acts as an investment  adviser or distributor to an
investment company registered under the  1940 Act has adopted a formal code
of ethics and a written policy  regarding insider trading, each of which
substantially complies with  Applicable Law. The policies of the Company and
each such Subsidiary  with respect to avoiding conflicts of interest are as
set forth in the  most recent Forms ADV thereof, as amended; and to the
Company\'s  Knowledge, there have been no material violations or allegations
of    -24-    violations of such policies that have occurred or been
made that have  not been addressed in accordance with these procedures.  
(H) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or any  officers,
directors, or employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries  has any express
or implied understanding or arrangement that would  impose an unfair burden
on any of the Fund Clients or would in any way  violate Section 15(f) of the
1940 Act as a result of this transaction.   (I) Neither the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries, the Fund  Clients or, to the best of the Company\'s
Knowledge, any other person  "associated" (as defined under the Advisers Act)
with Company, any of  its Subsidiaries or any of the Fund Clients, has for a
period not less  than five (5) years prior to the date hereof been convicted
of any  crime, or is or has been subject to any disqualification that would
be  a basis for disqualification as an investment adviser to any  investment
company pursuant to Section 9(a) of the 1940 Act, and, to  Company\'s
Knowledge, there is no basis for, or proceeding or  investigation that could
become the basis for, any such  disqualification.   (J) Except in the case
of Subadvisory Fund Clients, and except  as is not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably likely to have  a Company Material Adverse Effect, (1)
each Fund Client that is a  juridical entity has been duly organized, and is
validly existing and  in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its  organization and has all requisite corporate partnership, limited 
liability company, or similar power and authority, and possesses all  rights,
licenses, authorizations and approvals necessary to entitle it  to use its
name, to own, lease or otherwise hold its properties and  assets and to carry
on its business as it is now conducted, and is  duly qualified, licensed or
registered to do business in each  jurisdiction where it is required to do so
under Applicable Law  (except where the failure to do so is not material to
its business)  and (2) each Fund Client is in substantial compliance with the
terms  and conditions of its constituent documents.   (iii) EXEMPT FUND
CLIENTS.   (A) Except in the case of Subadvisory Fund Clients, and except 
as is not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have  a
Company Material Adverse Effect, (1) each Exempt Fund Client that is  a
juridical entity has been duly organized, and is validly existing  and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its  organization and has
all requisite corporate partnership, limited  liability company, or similar
power and authority, and possesses all  rights, licenses, authorizations and
approvals necessary to entitle it  to use its name, to own, lease or
otherwise hold its properties and  assets and to carry on its business as it
is now conducted, and is  duly qualified, licensed or registered to do
business in each  jurisdiction where it is required to do so under Applicable
Law  (except where the failure to do so is not material to its business) 
and (2) each Exempt Fund Client is in substantial compliance with the  terms
and conditions of its constituent documents. Except in the case  of
Subadvisory Fund Clients, and except    -25-    as is not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to have  a Company Material Adverse
Effect, (1) all outstanding shares or units  of each Exempt Fund Client have
been issued and sold in substantial  compliance with Applicable Law; and (2)
each Exempt Fund Client, since  inception of operations, has been operated
and is currently operating  in substantial compliance with its respective
investment objectives  and policies and Applicable Law.   (B) Except in the
case of Subadvisory Fund Clients, and except  as is not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably likely to have  a Company Material Adverse Effect,
(1) all outstanding shares or units  of each Exempt Fund Client have been
issued and sold in substantial  compliance with Applicable Law; and (2) each
Exempt Fund Client, since  inception of operations, has been operated and is
currently operating  in substantial compliance with its respective investment
objectives  and policies and Applicable Law.   (C) None of the Exempt Fund
Clients has been enjoined,  indicted, convicted or made the subject of
disciplinary proceedings,  consent decrees or administrative orders on
account of any violation  of the rules or orders of the SEC, the NASD, the
NASD, the IRS, or any  other governmental agency or self regulatory body
having jurisdiction  over the Exempt Fund Client or investment adviser.  
(iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any  exclusion from any
representation or warranty in paragraph (m) or (q)  relating to any
Subadvisory Fund Client shall apply only to the extent  that the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company does not have any  contractual or other legal
responsibility in the event such  representation or warranty fails to be true
or correct.   (r) AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS. Except as disclosed in
Section 4.1(r) of the Company Disclosure Letter or as described in the
Company Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, (i) there are no
obligations or other liabilities (whether absolute, accrued, contingent,
fixed or otherwise, or whether due or to become due) between the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company, on the one hand, and any of its officers or
directors or affiliates, on the other, (ii) no such officer, director or
affiliate provides or causes to be provided any assets, services or
facilities to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) the Company
neither provides nor causes to be provided any assets, services or facilities
to any officer, director or affiliate of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and (iv) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company,
on the one hand, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, any Investment
Assets issued by any officer, director or affiliate of the Company (other
than any Subsidiary of the Company), on the other. For the purposes of this
Section 4.1(r), "INVESTMENT ASSETS" means all debentures, notes and other
evidence of indebtedness, stocks, securities (including rights to purchase
and securities convertible into or exchangeable for other
securities), interests in joint ventures and general and limited
partnerships, mortgage loans and other investment or portfolio assets owned
of record or beneficially by the Company and issued by any person other than
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the Company
Disclosure Letter, there are no understandings, arrangements or agreements
relating to the sale or other disposition of any of the Subsidiaries.   
-26-     (s) INSURANCE. (i) The Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a
correct and complete list of all of the insurance policies, binders or bonds
maintained by the Company or under which the Company pays the premiums
("INSURANCE POLICIES"); (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries are insured
with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as management
reasonably has determined to be prudent in accordance with industry
practices; and (iii) to the Company\'s Knowledge, all Insurance Policies are
in full force and effect.   Section 4.2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
PARENT AND PURCHASER. Except as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered
to the Company by Parent on or prior to entering into this Agreement (the
"PARENT DISCLOSURE LETTER"), Parent hereby represents and warrants to the
Company that (it being understood that the words "to the Knowledge of Parent"
or "Parent\'s Knowledge" and any words of similar import shall mean the
actual knowledge of the persons whose names are set forth in Section 4.2(a)
of the Parent Disclosure Letter):   (a) ORGANIZATION, GOOD STANDING AND
QUALIFICATION. Each of Parent and Purchaser is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and (in the case of Purchaser) in good standing under the
laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization and has all requisite
corporate or similar power and authority to own and operate its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted and is
qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in
each jurisdiction where the ownership or operation of its properties or
conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure
to be so qualified or in such good standing, when taken together with all
other such failures, is not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect (as defined below).   As
used in this Agreement, the term "PARENT MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means a
material adverse effect on the financial condition, operations, properties,
business or results of operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole (other than any change or effect arising out of (A) a decline or
deterioration in the economy or the capital markets in general or the
markets in which Parent and its Subsidiaries operate, or (B) this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby or the announcement thereof ) or an
effect which is reasonably likely to prevent, materially delay or materially
impair the ability of Parent to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (b) PURCHASER. Since the date of its incorporation,
Purchaser has not carried on any business or conducted any operations other
than the execution of this Agreement, the performance of its obligations
hereunder and matters ancillary thereto. Purchaser was incorporated solely
for the purpose of consummating the transactions contemplated hereby. The
authorized capital stock of Purchaser consists of 100 shares of common stock,
par value $0.01 per share, 10 shares of which are validly issued and
outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by Parent free and
clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances.   (c) CORPORATE AUTHORITY;
APPROVAL.   (i) Each of Parent and Purchaser has all requisite corporate 
power and authority and, subject, if required under Applicable Law (or  under
any requirements of the London Stock Exchange), to approval by the  holders
of a majority of Parent\'s outstanding ordinary shares, has taken  all
corporate action necessary in order to execute, de-    -27-    liver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate  the Merger.
This Agreement is a valid and binding agreement of each of  Parent and
Purchaser enforceable against each of Parent and Purchaser in  accordance
with its terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception.   (ii) (A)
The Board of Directors of each of Parent and Purchaser  has duly adopted the
plan of merger set forth herein and approved this  Agreement and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, and (B) the Board  of Directors of
Purchaser has declared that the Merger and this Agreement  and the other
transactions contemplated hereby are advisable and in the  best interests of
Purchaser and its stockholders and adopted the plan of  merger set forth
herein.   (d) FINANCING. Parent has available, and will have available
as of the time of acceptance for payment and purchase of the Common Shares
pursuant to the Offer, and will timely provide Purchaser with, all funds
necessary to pay for all Common Shares that the Purchaser becomes obligated
to accept for payment and pay for pursuant to the Offer and to consummate the
Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (e)
GOVERNMENTAL FILINGS; NO VIOLATIONS.   (i) Other than the filings and/or
notices (A) pursuant to  Section 2.2, (B) under the HSR Act, the Exchange
Act, the Securities Act,  the 1940 Act, the Advisers Act, the Bank Control
Act, or in connection with  the EGM the requirements of the Companies Act of
the United Kingdom, (C)  required under a foreign antitrust or trade
regulation law, (D) to comply  with state banking or securities or "blue sky"
laws, and (E) required to be  made with the NYSE, the NASD, the London Stock
Exchange and other  applicable self-regulatory organizations, no filings,
reports or notices  are required to be made by Parent or Purchaser with, nor
are any consents,  registrations, approvals, permits or authorizations
required to be obtained  by Parent from, any Governmental Entity, in
connection with the execution  and delivery of this Agreement by Parent or
Purchaser and the consummation  by Parent or Purchaser of the Offer, the
Merger and the other transactions  contemplated hereby, except those that the
failure to make or obtain are  not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably likely to have a Parent  Material Adverse Effect.   (ii) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement  by Parent and
Purchaser do not, and the consummation by Parent and  Purchaser of the Offer,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated  hereby will not,
constitute or result in (A) a breach or violation of, or a  default under,
the charter or bylaws (or comparable governing instruments)  of Parent or
Purchaser, (B) a breach or violation of, or a default under,  the
acceleration of any obligations or the creation of a lien, pledge,  security
interest or other encumbrance on the assets of Parent or any of  its
Subsidiaries (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant  to,
any Contract binding upon Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (provided,  as to
consummation, the filings, reports and notices are made, and  approvals are
obtained, as referred to in Section 4.2(e)(i)) or any  Applicable Law (or
under any requirements of the London Stock Exchange) or  governmental or non-
governmental permit, registration, authorization or  license to which Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, or (C) any  change in the rights or
obligations of any party under    -28-    any Contract, except, in the
case of clause (B) or (C) above, for breach,  violation, default,
acceleration, creation or change that is not,  individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably likely to have a Parent  Material Adverse Effect.  
(f) PROXY STATEMENT; SCHEDULE 14D-9. None of the information supplied or to
be supplied by Parent or Purchaser in writing for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement, if any, the Schedule 14D-9 or other filings with the SEC required
to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will, at the
respective times that the Proxy Statement, if any, the Schedule 14D-9 or such
other filings are filed with the SEC and are first published or sent or given
to holders of Common Shares, and in the case of the Proxy Statement, if any,
at the time that it or any amendment or supplement thereto is mailed to
the Company\'s stockholders, at the time of the Special Meeting or at the
Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.   (g) BROKERS AND FINDERS. Neither Parent
nor any of its officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or
finder or incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or
finders\' fees in connection with the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated in this Agreement except that Parent has employed Credit Suisse
First Boston and Chase Securities, Inc. as its financial advisors.  
ARTICLE V   COVENANTS   Section 5.1. COMPANY INTERIM OPERATIONS. The
Company covenants and agrees that, after the date hereof and prior to the
Effective Time (unless Parent shall otherwise approve in writing and except
as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement) or as disclosed in
Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter:   (a) its and its
Subsidiaries\' business shall be conducted in the ordinary and usual course,
consistent with past practice (it being understood and agreed that nothing
contained herein shall permit the Company to enter into or engage in (through
acquisition, product extension or otherwise) the business of selling any
products or services materially different from existing products or services
of the Company and its Subsidiaries or entering into or engaging in new lines
of business without Parent\'s prior written approval), and, to the extent
consistent therewith, it and its Subsidiaries shall use their
respective reasonable best efforts to preserve its business organization
intact and maintain its existing relations and goodwill with customers,
clients, suppliers, distributors, regulators, creditors and employees;  
(b) it and its Subsidiaries shall not (i) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or
encumber any capital stock owned by it in any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) amend
its charter or bylaws or comparable governing instruments; (iii) split,
combine or reclassify its outstanding shares of stock; (iv)
authorize, declare, set aside or pay any dividend payable in cash, stock or
property in respect of any capital stock other than dividends from its direct
or indirect Subsidiaries and other than regular quarterly cash dividends paid
by the Company not in excess of $0.20 per Common    -29-   Share; or
(v) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, except in connection
with cashless exercise of Company Options, or permit any of its Subsidiaries
to purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of its stock or any
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any shares of
its stock;   (c) neither it nor its Subsidiaries shall (i) issue, sell,
pledge, dispose of or encumber any shares of, or securities convertible into
or exchangeable or exercisable for, or options, warrants, calls, commitments
or rights or agreements of any kind to acquire, any shares of its capital
stock of any class or any Voting Debt or any other material property or
assets (other than Common Shares issuable pursuant to options outstanding on
the date hereof under the Stock Plans and as contemplated by Section 5.9); or
(ii) other than in the ordinary and usual course of business, transfer,
lease, license, guarantee, sell, mortgage, pledge, dispose of or encumber any
property or assets (including capital stock of any of its Subsidiaries) or
incur or modify any material indebtedness or other liability; or (iii) incur
any long-term indebtedness (other than replacement debt as it matures and
other than borrowing for working capital purposes under the Company\'s
revolving credit agreement not in excess of $5 million); or (iv) make or
authorize or commit for any capital expenditures to be paid out of the
Company\'s revenue share other than in amounts less than $2 million in the
aggregate or, by any means, make any acquisition of, or investment in, assets
or stock of any other Person or entity to be paid out of the Company\'s
revenue share (other than seed money not in excess of $2 million); PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that no such acquisition shall be of a controlling interest in any
other Person;   (d) it shall not establish, adopt or enter into,
Compensation and Benefit Plans except as may be required by law, or
contractual obligations in effect as of the date of this Agreement, or as
contemplated by this Agreement;   (e) it shall not terminate or make any
new, or accelerate the vesting or payment of any existing, grants or awards
under, or amend or otherwise modify, any Compensation and Benefit Plans
except in the ordinary course of business to persons other than officers and
directors of the Company or its Subsidiaries consistent with past practice or
as may be required by law, or contractual obligations in effect as of the
date of this Agreement, or as contemplated by this Agreement;   (f) it
shall not increase the salary, wage, bonus or other compensation of any
employees other than normal base wage and base salary increases (but not as
to officers and directors of the Company) in the ordinary and usual course of
business or increases in connection with promotions in the normal course of
business;   (g) neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries shall (i) settle
or compromise any material claims or litigation; (ii) pay, discharge, settle
or satisfy any material claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute,
accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the
payment, discharge or satisfaction of claims, liabilities or obligations in
the ordinary and usual course of business; (iii) except in the ordinary and
usual course of business, modify, amend or terminate any of its Material
Contracts or waive, release or assign any non-competes in favor of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or other material rights or claims; or
(iv) make or change a Tax or accounting principle, practice or method unless
required by U.S. GAAP or other Appli-    -30-   cable Law, make or
revoke any Tax election unless required by Applicable Law, or resolve any Tax
audit or other similar proceeding;   (h) neither it nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall permit any insurance policy naming it as a beneficiary or
loss-payable payee to be canceled or terminated except in the ordinary and
usual course of business;   (i) neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
enter into any agreement containing any provision or covenant limiting in any
material respect the ability of the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate to
(i) sell any products or services of or to any other person, (ii) engage in
any line of business, or (iii) compete with any person;   (j) neither it
nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action that would cause any
representation or warranty of the Company herein to become untrue in any
material respect;   (k) it shall not enter into any new agreements, or
modify or amend any existing agreements, with any of its Subsidiaries,
including re-equitization or marketing support agreements or other contracts
of the Company to finance or otherwise support the operations of its
Subsidiaries or compensate employees of its Subsidiaries, except as may not
in the aggregate contemplate obligations of the Company (including in respect
of waiving any revenue-sharing) in excess of $3.3 million per year;   (l)
neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries shall authorize or enter into an
agreement to do any of the foregoing.   Section 5.2. PARENT INTERIM
OPERATIONS.   (a) Parent covenants and agrees as to itself and each of
its Subsidiaries that, after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time
(unless the Company shall otherwise approve in writing) neither it nor any of
its Subsidiaries shall take any action that would cause any representation
or warranty of Parent herein to become untrue in any material respect, and
neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries shall authorize or enter into an
agreement that would reasonably be expected to have such an effect.   (b)
If required under Applicable Law (or under any requirements of the London
Stock Exchange), Parent shall duly call and give notice of within 30 calendar
days of the date hereof and, as promptly as reasonably
practicable thereafter, convene and hold an extraordinary general meeting of
its shareholders (the "EGM") for the purpose of seeking prompt shareholder
approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject
to its fiduciary duties under Applicable Law, the Board of Directors of
Parent shall recommend that Parent\'s shareholders approve this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, and shall not withdraw or adversely
modify its recommendation in any material respect.   Section 5.3.
ACQUISITION PROPOSALS.   (a) The Company will not, and will not permit or
cause any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or its Subsidiaries\' officers
and directors to, and shall direct its and its Subsidiaries\' employees,
agents and representatives (including any advisor, investment banker,
attorney or ac-    -31-   countant retained by it or any of its
Subsidiaries) ("REPRESENTATIVES") not to, directly or indirectly, initiate,
solicit, encourage (including by way of furnishing non-public information or
assistance) or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the
making of any proposal or offer with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, or
engage in any negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential
information or data to, or have any discussions with, any Person relating to
an Acquisition Proposal, whether made before or after the date of this
Agreement, or otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement
an Acquisition Proposal; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that prior to the acceptance for
payment of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Company may, and may
authorize and permit its employees, agents and Representatives to, furnish or
cause to be furnished confidential information and may participate in
such negotiations and discussions or take any other action otherwise
prohibited by this Section 5.3(a) with any Person (unless such other action
is subject to the restrictions of Section 5.3(b), in which case such other
action shall only be permitted in accordance with such restrictions) that,
after the date hereof, makes an unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal if
and only to the extent that (A) the Company Board determines in good faith
(after having consulted with outside legal counsel) that such action is
necessary in order for its directors to comply with their fiduciary duties
under Applicable Law, (B) prior to taking such action, the Company (x)
provides notice to Parent to the effect that it intends to take such action
and (y) receives from such Person an executed confidentiality agreement in
reasonably customary form and in any event containing terms at least as
stringent as those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined
below), and (C) the Company promptly advises Parent of the identity of such
Person and the terms and conditions of any such Acquisition Proposal. The
Company will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any of the foregoing. The Company also will promptly request
each Person that has heretofore executed a confidentiality agreement
in connection with its consideration of an Acquisition Proposal to return
all confidential information heretofore furnished to such Person by the
Company or on the Company\'s behalf. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall terminate, amend, modify or waive any provision of any
confidentiality or standstill agreement to which it is a party and shall
enforce, to the fullest extent permitted under Applicable Law, the provisions
of any such agreement, including, but not limited to, by obtaining
injunctions to prevent any breaches of such agreements and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions thereof in any court having
jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein shall
prevent the Company from complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the
Exchange Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal.   "ACQUISITION
PROPOSAL" means any bona fide inquiry, offer or proposal regarding any of the
following (other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement): (1)
any merger, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution, business combination or other similar transaction involving the
Company or any one or more of its Subsidiaries having, individually or in the
aggregate, assets under management in excess of $10 billion; (ii) any sale,
lease exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of the stock
or assets of the Company or one or more Subsidiaries of the Company having,
individually or in the aggregate, assets under management in excess of $10
billion; (iii) any tender offer (including a self tender offer) or exchange
offer that, if consummated, would result in any Person or group beneficially
owning more than 20% of the outstanding Common Shares or the filing of a
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 in connection
with any such proposed exchange offer; (iv) any acquisition of 20% or more of
the outstanding Common Shares; or (v) any public an-   
-32-    nouncement by the Company or any third party of a proposal, plan
or intention to do any of the foregoing or any agreement to engage in any of
the foregoing.   (b) Except as expressly permitted by this Section 5.3(b),
the Company Board shall not approve any letter of intent, agreement in
principle, acquisition agreement or similar agreement relating to any
Acquisition Proposal. The Company may, however, terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.2(a)(vi) if (i) the Company Board has received a
Superior Acquisition Proposal, (ii) in light of such Superior Acquisition
Proposal the Company Board has determined in good faith (after having
consulted with outside legal counsel) that it is necessary for the Company
Board to terminate this Agreement in order to comply with its fiduciary
obligations under Applicable Law, (iii) the Company has notified Parent in
writing of the terms of the Superior Acquisition Proposal and the
determinations described in clause (ii) above, (iv) at least five business
days following receipt by Parent of the notice referred to in clause (iii)
above, and taking into account any revised proposal made by Parent
since receipt of the notice referred to in clause (iii) above, such
Superior Acquisition Proposal (as the same may have been modified or amended,
but provided that Parent shall have received the requisite notice of any
such modification or amendment) remains a Superior Acquisition Proposal and
the Company Board has again made the determinations referred to in clause
(ii) above (although no additional time period shall be required following
such determinations, unless Parent shall have, following notice of the
determinations referred to in clause (ii) above, proposed to increase the
Offer Price, or otherwise offered to amend the terms of the transaction
contemplated hereby to make them more favorable to the Company and its
stockholders, in which case the Company shall again notify Parent in writing
of the determinations described in clause (ii) above (but provided that the
period specified in this clause (iv) shall be two business days in the event
of any subsequent notice with respect to a Superior Acquisition Proposal)),
(v) the Company is in compliance with Section 5.3(a) and 5.3(b), (vi) the
Company Board concurrently approves, and the Company concurrently enters
into, a definitive agreement providing for the implementation of such
Superior Acquisition Proposal, and (vii) the Company concurrently shall have
paid the Termination Fee required by Section 7.3(c), in the manner
contemplated thereby. "SUPERIOR ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" means any bona fide
unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal to acquire all or substantially all
of the Common Shares or assets of the Company which the Company
Board determines in its good faith judgment (after consultation with the
Company\'s independent financial advisor) to be (x) on terms superior in
value from a financial point of view to the holders of Common Shares than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, taking into account all the
terms and conditions of such proposal and this Agreement (including any
proposal by Parent to amend the terms of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement) and (y) reasonably capable of being completed, taking into
account all financial, regulatory, legal and other aspects of such
proposal.   Section 5.4. INFORMATION SUPPLIED. The Company and Parent each
agree, as to itself and its Subsidiaries, that none of the information
supplied or to be supplied by it or its Subsidiaries for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement, the Schedule TO, the
Schedule 14D-9, Parent\'s shareholder circular (if required under Applicable
Law) in connection with the EGM and any amendment or supplement thereto will,
at the date of mailing to stockholders and at the time of any meeting of
stockholders of the Company to be held in connection with the Merger, in
either such case contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.     -33-    Section 5.5. FILINGS; OTHER
ACTIONS; NOTIFICATION.   (a) The Company and Parent shall cooperate with
each other and use (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to use) all
reasonable best efforts to, and propose to the Fund Clients that they, take
or cause to be taken all actions, and do or cause to be done all things,
necessary, proper or advisable on their part under this Agreement and
Applicable Laws to consummate and make effective the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as practicable, including
preparing and filing as promptly as practicable all documentation to effect
all necessary notices, reports, applications and other filings and to obtain
as promptly as practicable all consents, registrations, approvals, permits
and authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained from any third party
and/or any Governmental Entity in order to consummate the Merger or any of
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and including (i)
contesting any legal proceeding challenging the Merger; and (ii) the
execution of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to Applicable Laws relating to the
exchange of information, Parent and the Company shall have the right to
review in advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult the other
with respect to all the information relating to Parent or the Company, as the
case may be, and any of their respective Subsidiaries, that appear in
any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party
and/or any Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In exercising the foregoing
right, each of the Company and Parent shall act reasonably and as promptly as
practicable. In case at any time after the Effective Time any further action
is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the proper officers
and directors of each party hereto shall take all such necessary action.
Parent shall take all such action as may be necessary so that holders of the
Warrants shall be lawfully and adequately provided for in accordance with the
provisions of any agreement or instrument relating to the Warrants.   (b)
The Company and Parent each shall, upon request by the other, furnish the
other with all information concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, directors,
officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be
reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with the Proxy Statement or
any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of
Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any third
party and/or any Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) The Company and Parent
each shall keep the other apprised of the status of matters relating to
completion of the transactions contemplated hereby, including promptly
furnishing the other with copies of notice or other communications received
by Parent or the Company, as the case may be, or any of its Subsidiaries,
from any third party and/or any Governmental Entity with respect to the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company
and Parent each shall give prompt notice to the other of any change (i) that,
individually or in the aggregate, is or is reasonably likely to result in a
Company Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse
Effect, respectively, or would constitute a breach of warranty under this
Agreement.   Section 5.6. ACCESS. Upon reasonable notice, and except as
may otherwise be required by Applicable Law, the Company shall (and shall
cause its Subsidiaries to) afford Parent\'s officers, directors or
Representatives access, during normal business hours throughout the   
-34-   period prior to the Effective Time, to the Company\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' personnel, properties, books, contracts and records (including
any Tax Returns and work papers of independent auditors) and, during such
period, shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the
other all information concerning the Company\'s and its Subsidiaries\'
business, properties, personnel, Fund Clients and Exempt Fund Clients and to
such other information as may reasonably be requested. During such period, it
shall furnish promptly to Parent and, at the request of Parent, to any of its
Representatives (i) a copy of each report, schedule and other document filed
by it, its Subsidiaries or any such Fund Client or Exempt Fund Client
pursuant to the requirements of federal or state securities laws, and (ii)
all other financial and operating data and other information concerning the
business, properties, assets and personnel of it, its Subsidiaries or any
Fund Client or Exempt Fund Client as any of its Representatives may
reasonably request. No investigation pursuant to this Section shall affect or
be deemed to modify any representation or warranty made by the Company and
provided, further, that the foregoing shall not require the Company to permit
any inspection, or to disclose any information, that in the reasonable
judgment of the Company would result in the disclosure of any trade secrets
of third parties or violate any of its obligations with respect
to confidentiality if the Company shall have used all reasonable efforts to
obtain the consent of such third party to such inspection or disclosure. All
requests for information made pursuant to this Section shall be directed to
an executive officer of the Company or such Person as may be designated by
either of the Company\'s officers. All such information shall be governed by
the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section 8.7).  
Section 5.7. STOCK EXCHANGE DE-LISTING. The Surviving Corporation shall use
its best efforts to cause the Common Shares to be de-listed from the NYSE and
de-registered under the Exchange Act as soon as practicable following the
Effective Time.   Section 5.8. PUBLICITY. The initial press release shall be
a joint press release and thereafter the Company and Parent each shall
consult with each other prior to issuing any press releases or otherwise
making public announcements with respect to the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and prior to making any filings
with any third party and/or any Governmental Entity (including any applicable
securities exchange) with respect thereto, except as may be required by
Applicable Law or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with or
rules of any applicable securities exchange.   Section 5.9. BENEFITS.  
(a) OPTIONS. Prior to the consummation of the Offer, the Company Board (or,
if appropriate, any committee thereof) shall use its reasonable best efforts
(including by adopting appropriate resolutions and seeking all consents from
optionees) so that immediately prior to the Effective Time, except as may be
otherwise agreed by Parent and the holder of any Company Options, all
Company Options (whether vested or unvested) that are then outstanding shall
be cancelled in exchange for a payment by the Company to the holder thereof
in cash, as soon as practicable following the Effective Time, equal to the
product of (i) the total number of Common Shares subject to such Company
Option and (ii) the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the exercise
price per Common Share subject to such Company Option (the "CASH PAYMENTS")
(less any applicable withholding Taxes). The Company Board shall use its
reasonable best efforts to terminate the Option Plan, the Stand-Alone Option
Plans and any other plan, program or arrangement providing for the issuance
or grant of any other interest in respect of the capital stock   
-35-   of the Company or any subsidiary in each case effective prior to the
Effective Time. The Company and Parent agree that the Cash Payments are the
sole payments that will be made with respect to or in relation to the Company
Options.   (b) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.   (i) Parent agrees that, during the
period commencing at the  Effective Time and ending on the second anniversary
thereof, the  individuals who are, as of the Effective Time, employees of the
Company and  its Subsidiaries (the "COMPANY Employees") will continue to be
provided  with benefits under employee benefit plans (other than plans
involving the  issuance of Common Shares) that are no less favorable in the
aggregate than  those currently provided by the Company and its Subsidiaries
to such  Company Employees.   (ii) For all purposes under the employee
benefit plans of Parent  and its affiliates providing benefits after the
Effective Time, each  Company Employee shall be credited with his or her
years of service with  the Company and its Subsidiaries before the Effective
Time, to the same  extent as such Company Employee was entitled, before the
Effective Time, to  credit for such service under any similar Compensation
and Benefit Plans,  except to the extent such credit would result in a
duplication of benefits.  In addition, and without limiting the generality of
the foregoing: (i) each  Company Employee shall be immediately eligible to
participate, without any  waiting time, in any and all employee benefit plans
sponsored by Parent and  its affiliates for the benefit of Company Employees
(such plans,  collectively, the "NEW PLANS") to the extent coverage under
such New Plan  replaces coverage under a comparable Compensation and Benefit
Plan in which  such Company Employee participated immediately before the
Effective Time  (such plans, collectively, the "OLD PLANS"); and (ii) for
purposes of each  New Plan providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical and/or
vision benefits  to any Company Employee, Parent shall cause all pre-existing
condition  exclusions and actively-at-work requirements of such New Plan to
be waived  for such employee and his or her covered dependents, and Parent
shall cause  any eligible expenses incurred by such employee and his or her
covered  dependents during the portion of the plan year of the Old Plan
ending on  the date such employee\'s participation in the corresponding New
Plan begins  to be taken into account under such New Plan for purposes of
satisfying all  deductible, coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket
requirements applicable  to such employee and his or her covered dependents
for the applicable plan  year as if such amounts had been paid in accordance
with such New Plan.   (iii) Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to,  honor the Compensation and Benefit Plans in accordance with
their terms as  in effect immediately before the Effective Time; PROVIDED,
that nothing  herein shall prevent Parent from amending or terminating any
Compensation  and Benefit Plan in accordance with their terms and subject to
Applicable  Law; and PROVIDED, FURTHER, that the Compensation and Benefit
Plans listed  in Section 4.1(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter shall not be
amended or  terminated in any manner adverse to the Company Employees before
the first  anniversary of the Effective Time.     -36-    (iv) Prior
to the consummation of the Offer, the Company Board (or,  if appropriate, any
committee thereof) shall cause all account balances of  participants in the
United Asset Management Corporation Profit Sharing and  401(k) Plan (as
amended) to be fully vested immediately prior to the  Effective Time.  
Section 5.10. EXPENSES. Parent shall pay all charges and expenses, including
those of the Paying Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated
in Article III. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.3(b), whether or
not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such expense, except that
expenses incurred in connection with the filing fee for and the printing and
mailing of the Schedule TO and the Proxy Statement shall be shared equally by
Parent and the Company.   Section 5.11. INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS\' AND
OFFICERS\' INSURANCE.   (a) From and after the Effective Time, Parent agrees
that it will, and will cause the Surviving Corporation to indemnify and hold
harmless each present and former director and officer of the Company (when
acting in such capacity) determined as of the Effective Time (the
"INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") against any and all costs or expenses (including
reasonable attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or
liabilities (collectively, "COSTS") incurred in connection with any claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring
at or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at
or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent that the Company would
have been permitted under Delaware law and its charter or bylaws in effect on
the date hereof to indemnify such Person (and Parent shall also advance
expenses as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law).   (b) Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification
under paragraph (a) of this Section 5.11, upon learning of any such claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify Parent
thereof, but the failure to so notify shall not relieve Parent or the
Surviving Corporation of any liability it may have to such Indemnified Party
to the extent such failure does not prejudice the indemnifying party. In the
event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether
arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) Parent or the Surviving
Corporation shall have the right to assume the defense thereof and neither
Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to such Indemnified
Parties for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses
subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Parties in connection with the
defense thereof, except that if Parent or the Surviving Corporation elects
not to assume such defense or counsel for the Indemnified Parties advises
that there are issues which raise conflicts of interest between Parent or the
Surviving Corporation and the Indemnified Parties, the Indemnified Parties
may retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent, and Parent or
the Surviving Corporation shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses of such
counsel for the Indemnified Parties promptly as statements therefor are
received; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent shall be obligated pursuant to this
paragraph (b) to pay for only one firm of counsel for all Indemnified Parties
in any jurisdiction unless, under applicable standards of professional
conduct, the use of one counsel for such Indemnified Parties would present
such counsel with a conflict of interest, (ii) the Indemnified Parties will
reasonably cooperate in the defense of any such matter, and (iii) neither
Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable for any settlement   
-37-   effected without Parent\'s prior written consent, which Parent will
not unreasonably withhold; and PROVIDED, FURTHER, that neither Parent nor
the Surviving Corporation shall have any obligation hereunder to any
Indemnified Party if and when a court of competent jurisdiction shall
ultimately determine, and such determination shall have become final, that
the indemnification of such Indemnified Party in the manner contemplated
hereby is prohibited by Applicable Law.   (c) The Surviving Corporation
shall maintain a policy of officers\' and directors\' liability insurance for
acts and omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time with coverage in
amount and scope at least as favorable as the Company\'s existing directors\'
and officers\' liability insurance coverage ("DandO; INSURANCE") for a period
of at least six years after the Effective Time so long as the annual premium
therefor is not in excess of 300% of the last annual premium paid prior to
the date hereof (the "CURRENT PREMIUM"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, if the existing
DandO; Insurance expires, is terminated or canceled during such six-year
period, the Surviving Corporation will use all reasonable efforts to obtain
DandO; Insurance for the remainder of such period for a premium not in excess
(on an annualized basis) of 300% of the Current Premium.   (d) The
provisions of this Section are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall
be enforceable by, each of the Indemnified Parties, their heirs and their
representatives.   Section 5.12. TAKEOVER STATUTE. If any Takeover Statute
is or may become applicable to the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company and its Board
of Directors shall grant such approvals and take such actions as are
necessary so that such transactions may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement, and otherwise act to
eliminate or minimize the effects of such statute or regulation on such
transactions.   Section 5.13. COMPLIANCE WITH 1940 ACT SECTION 15; CLIENT
CONSENTS.   (a) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to ensure compliance with Section 15(f) of the 1940
Act, so that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be in
compliance at the Effective Time with Section 15(f) of the 1940 Act,
including, to assure that at the time of the Effective Time at least 75% of
the Board of Directors or Trustees of each Fund Client are not "interested
persons" (as such term is defined in the 1940 Act) of the Surviving
Corporation or the Company.   (b) Parent will use its reasonable best
efforts to assure compliance with the conditions of Section 15(f) of the 1940
Act as it applies to the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. From and
after the Effective Time, Parent shall conduct the business of the Surviving
Corporation so as to assure that, insofar as within the control of
Parent:   (i) for a period of three years after the Effective Time, at 
least 75% of the members of the Board of Directors or Trustees of each Fund 
Client which continues its existing or a replacement Investment Contract 
with an Advisory Entity that constitutes an investment advisory agreement 
are not (A) "interested persons" of the Surviving Corporation, or (B) 
"interested persons" of the Company; and   (ii) there is not imposed on any
Fund Client an "unfair burden"  (within the meaning of Section 15(f) of the
1940 Act) as a result of the  transactions contemplated by    -38-   
this Agreement, or any express or implied terms, conditions or 
understandings applicable thereto.   (c) Each of Parent and the Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain, in accordance with the 1940
Act, (i) in the case of each Fund Client other than Fund Clients for whom an
Advisory Entity provides subadvisory services, the due consideration and due
approval by the board of directors of such Fund Client, or (ii) in the case
of each Fund Client for whom an Advisory Entity provides subadvisory
services, approval of the Fund Client\'s advisor and the approval of the
board of directors of such Fund Client to the extent required by Applicable
Law ("FUND APPROVAL") of a new advisory agreement to be in effect with the
applicable Advisory Entity immediately following acceptance for payment of
Common Shares in the Offer on the same terms as its Investment Contract in
effect on the date hereof (or as of the date of commencement of operations of
such Fund Client, if after the date hereof). To the extent that due
consideration and approval of any such new Investment Contract by such
Fund Client\'s securityholders is required under the 1940 Act, the Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Fund Client to obtain
such approval.   (d) As soon as reasonably practicable following the date
hereof, the Company shall cause the Advisory Entities to send notices (each,
a "NOTICE"), (A) informing their Clients of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, (B) requesting the consent or approval of the assignment or
deemed assignment if client consent to such assignment or deemed assignment
is required by Applicable Law or is required under the respective Investment
Contract for such assignment or deemed assignment resulting from the
transactions contemplated hereby, (C) affirming the Advisory Entity\'s
intention to continue the advisory services pursuant to the existing
Investment Contract following the Effective Time if such Client does not
terminate such Investment Contract prior to the Effective Time, and (D)
stating that the consent of such Client will be deemed to have been granted
if such Client continues to accept such advisory services for at least 45
days after such Notice without termination, provided that such Client shall
not have affirmatively stated to the Company or such Advisory Entity that it
does not consent or terminated its respective Investment Contract prior
to the acceptance for payment and purchase of the Common Shares pursuant to
the Offer. Before any Notice is sent hereunder, the form of such Notice shall
be provided to Parent for review and approval, which approval shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Parent agrees that consent for any
Investment Contract to the assignment or deemed assignment resulting from the
transactions contemplated hereby ("CLIENT CONSENT") shall be deemed given for
all purposes hereunder (i) if no consent is required under Applicable Law or
the respective Investment Contract, or (ii) if such consent is required under
Applicable Law (but not under the respective Investment Contract), if the
written consent or approval requested in any Notice is received, or, if the
written consent or approval requested in any Notice is not received within
forty-five (45) days of mailing Notice to a Client (provided that in the
event a Client shall, prior to the Last Month-End, have affirmatively stated
in writing to the Company or such Affiliate of the Company with which such
Client has an advisory relationship that it does not so consent or shall have
terminated its respective Investment Contract, Client Consent shall not be
deemed given by such Client) (the "NEGATIVE CONSENT PROCEDURE"). Parent shall
use its reasonable best efforts to cooperate with and assist the Company in
obtaining Client Consents pursuant to this Section 5.13(d).    
-39-    (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the covenants of the parties contained in this Section 5.13 are intended only
for the benefit of the parties and for no other Person.   Section 5.14.
QUALIFICATION OF THE FUND CLIENTS; FUND CLIENT BOARDS. Subject to applicable
fiduciary duties to the Fund Clients, the Company will use and cause each of
its Subsidiaries to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Fund
Clients take no action (i) that would prevent any Fund Client from qualifying
as a "regulated investment company", within the meaning of Section 851 of the
Code, (ii) that would be inconsistent with any Fund Client\'s prospectus and
other offering, advertising and marketing materials, or (iii) with respect to
the Exempt Fund Clients that are currently taxed as partnerships, take no
action that would cause such an Exempt Fund Client to be subject to taxation
on a net income basis under the Code.   Section 5.15. EXEMPTION FROM
LIABILITY UNDER SECTION 16(B). Parent and the Company shall take all such
steps as may be required or reasonably requested to cause the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other dispositions of Company equity
securities (including derivative securities) in connection with this
Agreement by each individual who is a director or officer of the Company to
be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, such steps to be taken in accordance
with the No-Action Letter dated January 12, 1999, issued by the SEC to
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP, or as may otherwise be
reasonably requested by the Company.   Section 5.16. TRANSFER TAXES. All
stock transfer, real estate transfer, documentary, stamp, recording and other
similar Taxes (including interest, penalties and additions to any such Taxes)
("TRANSFER TAXES") incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid by either Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation, and
the Company shall cooperate with Purchaser and Parent in preparing, executing
and filing any Tax Returns with respect to, or qualifying for any exemptions
from, such Transfer Taxes.   Section 5.17. INTERIM DIRECTORS. Promptly upon
the acceptance for payment of, and payment by Purchaser for, Common Shares
pursuant to the Offer, Purchaser shall be entitled to designate, for election
by the Company Board, such number of directors on the Company Board as will
give Purchaser, subject to compliance with Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act
and the DGCL, majority representation on the Company Board; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that in the event that Purchaser\'s designees are appointed or
elected to the Company Board, until the Effective Time the Company Board
shall have at least three directors who are directors on the date of this
Agreement (the "CONTINUING DIRECTORS"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, in such
event, if the number of Continuing Directors shall be reduced below three for
any reason whatsoever, any remaining Continuing Directors (or Continuing
Director, if there shall be only one remaining) shall be entitled to
designate persons to fill such vacancies who shall be deemed to be Continuing
Directors for purposes of this Agreement or, if no Continuing Directors then
remain, the other directors shall designate three persons to fill such
vacancies who are not officers, shareholders or affiliates of Parent
or Purchaser, and such persons shall be deemed to be Continuing Directors
for purposes of this Agreement. Subject to Applicable Law, the Company shall
take all action requested by Parent necessary to effect any such election,
including mailing to its shareholders the Information Statement containing
the information required by Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act   
-40-   and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder, and the Company shall make
such mailing with the mailing of the Schedule 14D-9 (provided that Purchaser
shall have provided to the Company on a timely basis all information required
to be included in the Information Statement with respect to Purchaser\'s
designees). In connection with the foregoing, the Company shall promptly, at
the option of Purchaser, either increase the size of the Company Board or
obtain the resignation of such number of its current directors as is
necessary to enable Purchaser\'s designees to be elected or appointed to the
Company Board as provided above.   Section 5.18. AGGREGATE CLIENT REVENUE
AS OF MAY 31, 2000. On or prior to the date that is ten business days
following the date hereof, the Company shall provide to Parent a schedule
setting forth Aggregate Client Revenue as of May 31, 2000. No later than 30
business days before acceptance for payment of Common Shares in the Offer,
Parent may notify the Company of any disagreement it may have with the
information set forth in such schedule and the reasons for such disagreement.
Parent and the Company will work in good faith to resolve any such
disagreement and mutually agree on the amount of Aggregate Client Revenue as
of May 31, 2000 within the following period of ten business days. If Parent
and the Company are unable to so agree, the dispute shall be submitted to a
big five accounting firm, without a substantial relationship with either
Parent or the Company, to be mutually agreed by Parent and the Company, and,
within 15 business days such firm shall determine Aggregate Client Revenue as
of May 31, 2000, which amount as so determined shall be binding on
the parties for all purposes hereunder.   ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS  
Section 6.1. CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER. The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the Effective Time of each of
the following conditions:   (a) STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. This Agreement shall
have been adopted and the Merger shall have been duly approved by the holders
of Common Shares constituting the Company Requisite Vote.   (b) ANTITRUST.
The waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger under the HSR
Act shall have expired or been terminated.   (c) INJUNCTION OR RESTRAINT. No
court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted,
issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any law, statute, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary,
preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and restrains, enjoins or
otherwise prohibits consummation of the Merger (collectively, an
"ORDER").   (d) OFFER. Purchaser shall have purchased Common Shares pursuant
to the Offer.   Section 6.2. FRUSTRATION OF CLOSING CONDITIONS. Neither
Parent, Purchaser nor the Company may rely on the failure of any Tender Offer
Condition nor any condition set forth    -41-   in Section 6.1 to be
satisfied if such failure was caused by such party\'s failure to use
reasonable best efforts to consummate the Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby, as required by and subject to Section 2.10(a).  
ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION   Section 7.1. TERMINATION BY MUTUAL CONSENT.
This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time
prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the approval by
stockholders of the Company referred to in Section 6.1(a), by mutual written
consent of the Company and Parent by action of their respective Boards of
Directors.   Section 7.2. TERMINATION BY EITHER PARENT OR THE COMPANY. (a)
This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned:   (i) by
action of the Board of Directors of either Parent or the  Company if Common
Shares have not been accepted for payment pursuant to the  Offer on or prior
to March 4, 2001 (the "TERMINATION DATE"),   (ii) by action of the Board of
Directors of either Parent or the  Company if any Order permanently
restraining, enjoining or otherwise  prohibiting consummation of the Merger
shall become final and  non-appealable,   (iii) by action of the Board of
Directors of Parent if the Company  Board shall have withdrawn, changed or
modified (including by amendment of  its Schedule 14D-9), in any such case in
a manner adverse to Purchaser or  Parent, its approval or recommendation
contemplated by Section 1.3(a);  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any public statement
by the Company that (A) it has  received an Acquisition Proposal or otherwise
taken any action permitted by  Section 5.3(a) or (B) otherwise describes the
operation of the provisions  of this Agreement relating to an Acquisition
Proposal, termination, the  Company Board\'s approval or recommendation of
this Agreement or the  transactions contemplated hereby, shall not, in and of
themselves, be  deemed to be a public proposal to withdraw, change or modify
the Company  Board\'s approval or recommendation for the purposes of this
clause (iii),   (iv) by action of the Board of Directors of Parent, if, due
to an  occurrence or circumstance that would result in a failure to satisfy
any of  the Tender Offer Conditions, Purchaser shall have (A) failed to
commence  the Offer within the time period prescribed in Section 1.1(a),
(B)  terminated the Offer without having accepted any Common Shares for
payment  thereunder, or (C) failed to pay for Common Shares pursuant to the
Offer by  the Termination Date, unless, in each case, such failure to satisfy
any of  the Tender Offer Conditions shall have been caused by or resulted
from a  material breach of any of Parent\'s or Purchaser\'s
representations,  warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement,  
(v) by action of the Company Board, (A) if, due to an occurrence  or
circumstance that would result in a failure to satisfy any of the Tender 
Offer Conditions, Pur-    -42-    chaser shall have (x) failed to
commence the Offer within the time period  prescribed in Section 1.1(a), (y)
terminated the Offer without having  accepted any Common Shares for payment
thereunder, or (z) failed to pay for  Common Shares pursuant to the Offer by
the Termination Date, unless, in  each case, such failure to satisfy any of
the Tender Offer conditions shall  have been caused by or resulted from a
material breach of any of the  Company\'s representations, warranties or
covenants contained in this  Agreement or (B) in the event of either (x) a
breach by Parent or Purchaser  of any representation or warranty contained
herein ((determined without  giving effect to any qualifications as to
"Parent Material Adverse Effect,"  "material" or similar qualifications), and
excluding those where the  failure of such representations and warranties to
be so true and correct  (without giving effect to any qualifications as to
"Parent Material Adverse  Effect," "material" or similar qualifications)
would not, individually or  in the aggregate, be reasonably likely to have a
Parent Material Adverse  Effect), which breach cannot be or has not been
cured within 20 days after  the giving of written notice to Parent of such
breach; or (y) a material  breach by Parent or Purchaser of any of its
covenants or agreements  contained herein, which breach cannot be or has not
been cured within 20  days after the giving of written notice to Parent,
or   (vi) by action of the Company Board, in accordance with all the 
requirements of Section 5.3(b);   PROVIDED, that the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to clause  (i) above shall not be available to any party
that has breached in any  material respect its obligations under this
Agreement in any manner that  shall have proximately contributed to the
occurrence of the failure of the  Offer to be consummated prior to the
Termination Date, and PROVIDED,  FURTHER, that this Agreement may not in any
event be terminated except  pursuant to clause (ii) above, at any time after
Purchaser shall have  accepted Common Shares for payment pursuant to the
Offer.   (b) This Agreement may also be terminated and the Merger may
be abandoned, by action of the Board of Directors of Parent taken and
specific notice of which is given to the Company on or prior to June 30,
2000, if the Special Representations (as defined below) shall not be true and
correct (without giving effect to any qualifications as to "Special Company
Material Adverse Effect," "material" or similar qualifications) at any time
on and after the date hereof and prior to June 30, 2000 as though made on and
as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty
expressly speaks as of an earlier or different date, and except for changes
contemplated or permitted by the terms hereof) except, in either case, where
the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct
(without giving effect to any qualifications as to "Special Company Material
Adverse Effect," "material" or similar qualifications) would not, in the
aggregate, have a Special Company Material Adverse Effect, and provided that
such breach cannot be or has not been cured within 20 days after the giving
of written notice to the Company of such breach or of an attempted
termination pursuant to this Section 7.2(b) (and no such attempted
termination shall be effective unless such cure period shall have expired
without the cure of the alleged basis for such termination).   For the
purposes of this Section 7.2(b), the Company hereby represents and warrants
to Parent that, except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter, the
representations and    -43-   warranties set forth in Section 4.1(a),
(b) (as to the final three sentences only), (d)(ii), (e)(ii), (f), (h), (i),
(j), (k), (m), (n), (p), (q) or (s)(ii) or (iii), are true and correct,
MUTATIS MUTANDIS and subject to the other rules of interpretation set forth
in this Section 7.2(b), as if each reference therein to "the Company" or "the
Company and its Subsidiaries" or any similar reference were instead to "the
Special Subsidiaries" (as defined below). For the purposes of this Section
7.2(b), such representations and warranties shall be called the "SPECIAL
REPRESENTATIONS."   For the purposes of the Special Representations (x) all
references to Company Material Adverse Effect in the Company Representations
shall be considered to be references to Special Company Material Adverse
Effect and (y) all requirements that any matter be listed, set forth or
enumerated on the Company Disclosure Letter shall be disregarded, and no
failure to provide any otherwise required disclosure shall constitute a
breach or violation of the Special Representations (but all limitations and
qualifications set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter shall be given full
effect).   For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:   "SPECIAL COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means a
material adverse effect on the financial condition, operations, properties,
business or results of operations of the Special Subsidiaries taken as a
whole (other than any change or effect arising out of (A) a decline or
deterioration in the economy or the capital markets in general or the markets
in which the Special Subsidiaries operate, or (B) this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or the announcement thereof).   "SPECIAL
SUBSIDIARIES" means those Subsidiaries identified as such in Section 7.2(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter, and "LIMITED SPECIAL SUBSIDIARIES" means
those Subsidiaries identified as such in Section 7.2(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter.   If this Agreement is not terminated and the Merger not
abandoned in accordance with this Section 7.2(b), the Special Representations
shall cease to be of any further force or effect, and shall be of no
relevance for any purpose hereunder.   Section 7.3. EFFECT OF TERMINATION
AND ABANDONMENT.   (a) In the event of termination of this Agreement and the
abandonment of the Merger pursuant to this Article VII, this Agreement (other
than as set forth in Section 8.1) shall become void and of no effect with no
liability on the part of any party hereto (or of any of its directors,
officers, employees, agents, legal and financial advisors or other
representatives); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, except as otherwise provided herein, no
such termination shall relieve any party hereto of any liability or damages
resulting from any breach of this Agreement.   (b) In the event that this
Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section
7.2(a)(i) or by Parent pursuant to Section 7.2(a)(iii) or (iv), and, prior to
the date of such termination, any Person (other than Parent or any Affiliate
of Parent) has made to the Company an Acquisition Proposal or shall have
publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make a
proposal or offer relating to an Acquisition Proposal, then the Company shall
pay to Parent, no later than two business days after the earlier to occur of
(i) the date of entrance by the Company into a definitive agreement to
consummate a transaction that con-    -44-   stitutes that or any other
Acquisition Proposal or (ii) the date any Person (other than Parent or any
Affiliate of Parent) purchases 50% or more of the assets or voting securities
of the Company and its Subsidiaries (provided that any definitive agreement
contemplated by clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence is entered into by the
Company, or if there is no such agreement with respect to a purchase
contemplated by clause (ii), any tender, exchange or other offer
or arrangement for the Company\'s voting securities is first publicly
disclosed, within 18 months of such termination of this Agreement), an amount
equal to $43 million (the "TERMINATION FEE").   (c) This Agreement shall
not be terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 7.2(a)(vi) unless the
Company shall concurrently pay to Parent an amount equal to the Termination
Fee by wire transfer of immediately available funds.   Section 7.4.
PROCEDURE FOR TERMINATION, AMENDMENT, EXTENSION OR WAIVER. A termination of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1 or 7.2, an amendment of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 8.2 or an extension or waiver pursuant to Section 8.3, or
any action with similar import or effect shall, in order to be effective,
require in the case of the Company, in the event that Purchaser\'s designees
are appointed or elected to the Company Board as provided in Section 5.17,
after the acceptance for payment of Common Shares pursuant to the Offer and
prior to the Effective Time, the affirmative vote of the majority of the
Continuing Directors. In the event that Purchaser\'s designees are appointed
or elected to the Company Board as provided in Section 5.17, after
the acceptance for payment of Common Shares pursuant to the Offer and prior
to the Effective Time, the affirmative vote of the majority of the Continuing
Directors shall be required by the Company to (i) amend or terminate this
Agreement, (ii) exercise or waive any of the Company\'s rights or remedies
under this Agreement, or (iii) extend the time for performance of Parent\'s
or Purchaser\'s respective obligations under this Agreement.   ARTICLE
VIII   MISCELLANEOUS   Section 8.1. SURVIVAL. This Article VIII and the
agreements of the Company and Parent contained in Sections 5.7 (Stock
Exchange De-listing) and 5.11 (Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\'
Insurance) shall survive the consummation of the Merger. This Article VIII,
the agreements of the Company and Parent contained in Section 5.10
(Expenses), Section 7.3 (Effect of Termination and Abandonment) and the
Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
All other representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this
Agreement shall not survive the consummation of the Merger or the termination
of this Agreement.   Section 8.2. MODIFICATION OR AMENDMENT. Subject to
Section 7.4 and the provisions of Applicable Law, at any time prior to the
Effective Time, the parties hereto may modify or amend this Agreement, by
written agreement executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the
respective parties.   Section 8.3. WAIVER OF CONDITIONS. The conditions to
each of the parties\' obligations to consummate the Merger are for the sole
benefit of such party and may be waived by such party in whole or in part to
the extent permitted by Applicable Law.    -45-     Section 8.4.
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such
counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement.   Section 8.5.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
DEEMED TO BE MADE IN AND IN ALL RESPECTS SHALL BE INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND
GOVERNED BY AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT
REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. The parties hereby
irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware
and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in the State
of Delaware solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the
provisions of this Agreement and of the documents referred to in
this Agreement, and in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby, and
hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or
proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or of any such
document, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or
proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said courts or that
the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or any such
document may not be enforced in or by such courts, and the parties hereto
irrevocably agree that all claims with respect to such action or proceeding
shall be heard and determined in such a Delaware State or Federal court. The
parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over the
person of such parties and over the subject matter of such dispute and agree
that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or
proceeding in the manner provided in Section 8.6 or in such other manner as
may be permitted by law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.  
(b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES,
AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES
AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER
PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii)
EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER,
(iii) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.5.    -46-    Section 8.6.
NOTICES. Any notice, request, instruction or other document to be given
hereunder by any party to the others shall be in writing and delivered
personally or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or by
facsimile:   if to Parent:   Old Mutual plc  Lansdowne House   57
Berkeley Square, 3rd Floor  London   W1X 5DH   United Kingdom 
Facsimile: 011-44-207-569-0209  Attention: Martin C. Murray   with a copy
to:   Ellen J. Odoner, Esq.  Weil, Gotshal and Manges LLP  767 Fifth
Avenue  New York, New York 10153  Facsimile: (212) 310-8007   if to the
Company:   United Asset Management Corporation  One International Place 
Boston, Massachusetts 02110  Facsimile: (617) 330-1133  Attention: Joseph R.
Ramrath, Esq.   with a copy to:   Adam O. Emmerich, Esq.  Wachtell,
Lipton, Rosen and Katz  51 West 52nd Street  New York, New York 10019 
Facsimile: (212) 403-2000  or to such other Persons or addresses as may be
designated in writing by the party to receive such notice as provided
above.   Section 8.7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS.
This Agreement (including any exhibits hereto), the Company Disclosure
Letter, the Parent Disclosure Letter and the Confidentiality Agreement, dated
March 15, 2000, between Parent and the Company (the "CONFIDENTIALITY
AGREEMENT") constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all other
prior    -47-   agreements, understandings, representations and
warranties both written and oral, among the parties, with respect to the
subject matter hereof.   Section 8.8. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Except
as provided in Section 5.11 (Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\'
Insurance), this Agreement is not intended to confer upon any Person other
than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.   Section 8.9.
OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND OF THE COMPANY. Whenever this Agreement requires a
Subsidiary of Parent to take any action, such requirement shall be deemed to
include an undertaking on the part of Parent to cause such Subsidiary to take
such action. Whenever this Agreement requires a Subsidiary of the Company to
take any action, such requirement shall be deemed to include an undertaking
on the part of the Company to cause such Subsidiary to take such action and,
after the Effective Time, on the part of the Surviving Corporation to cause
such Subsidiary to take such action.   Section 8.10. SEVERABILITY. The
provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or
enforceability or the other provisions hereof. If any provision of this
Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person or any circumstance, is
invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and equitable provision shall be
substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and
enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or
unenforceable provision, and (b) the remainder of this Agreement and the
application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not be
affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or
unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or
the application thereof, in any other jurisdiction.   Section 8.11.
INTERPRETATION. The table of contents and headings herein are for convenience
of reference only, do not constitute part of this Agreement and shall not be
deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof. Where a
reference in this Agreement is made to a Section or Exhibit, such reference
shall be to a Section of or Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation."   Section 8.12. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall not be
assignable by operation of law or otherwise, PROVIDED, that Purchaser may
assign this Agreement to any wholly owned, direct or indirect subsidiary of
Parent which agrees in writing to be bound by all of the terms and conditions
hereof and to assume all of Purchaser\'s obligations hereunder, provided,
FURTHER, that no such permitted assignment shall relieve the assigning party
of its obligations hereunder, and PROVIDED, FURTHER, that no assignment shall
be permissible if it would adversely affect or cause any delay in the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.    -48-     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
duly authorized officers of the parties hereto as of the date first written
above.   UNITED ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP.     By: /s/ James F. Orr III 
-----------------------------------------  Name: James F. Orr III  Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer   OLD MUTUAL PLC    By: /s/ John
Kent  -----------------------------------------  Name: John Kent  Title:
Head of Corporate Development and  Planning   OM ACQUISITION CORP.   
By: /s/ John Kent  -----------------------------------------  Name: John
Kent  Title: Head of Corporate Development and  Planning       ANNEX
I   CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER   THE CAPITALIZED TERMS USED HEREIN HAVE THE
MEANINGS SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (THE "MERGER
AGREEMENT") TO WHICH THIS ANNEX I IS ATTACHED.   Notwithstanding any other
provisions of the Offer, Purchaser shall not be required to accept for
payment or (subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC) pay
for, and may delay the acceptance for payment of, any Common Shares and may
terminate or, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, amend the Offer,
unless (i) there shall have been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to
the expiration of the Offer such number of Common Shares as would constitute,
together with any Common Shares theretofore beneficially owned by Parent, a
majority of the outstanding Common Shares (determined on a fully diluted
basis, after giving effect to the exercise or conversion of all options,
rights and securities exercisable or convertible into voting securities) (the
"MINIMUM TENDER CONDITION"), and (ii) the waiting period applicable to the
acceptance for payment and purchase of Common Shares in the Offer under the
HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated, and all reports or other
filings and consents, registrations, approvals, permits or authorizations in
each case that has been specifically identified in the Parent Disclosure
Letter as a condition to Purchaser\'s obligation to accept for payment and
purchase Common Shares in the Offer (such specifically identified
required notices, reports or other filings and consents, registrations,
approvals, permits and authorizations, collectively, "GOVERNMENTAL
CONSENTS"), shall have been made or obtained (as the case may be), or if, at
any time on or after the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to
Purchaser\'s acceptance for payment of Common Shares, any of the following
conditions exists or shall have occurred and remain in effect:   (a) there
shall be pending or overtly threatened any action by any  Governmental
Entity, or any Applicable Law enacted, entered, enforced  or deemed
applicable to the Offer, (i) that would reasonably be  expected to or which
does prohibit or impose any material limitations  on Parent\'s or
Purchaser\'s ownership or operation (or that of any of  their respective
Subsidiaries or affiliates) of all or a material  portion of their or the
Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\'  businesses or assets, or to compel
Parent or Purchaser or their  respective Subsidiaries and affiliates to
dispose of or hold separate  any material portion of the business or assets
of the Company or  Parent or Purchaser and their respective Subsidiaries, in
each case  taken as a whole, (ii) that would reasonably be expected to or
which  does make the acceptance for payment of, or the payment for, some or 
all of the Common Shares illegal or otherwise prohibiting, restricting  or
significantly delaying acceptance for payment of Common Shares in  the Offer
or consummation of the Merger or the performance of any of  the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or that  would reasonably
be expected to obtain from the Company or Purchaser  any damages that are
material in relation to the Company and its  Subsidiaries as taken as a
whole, (iii) that would reasonably be  expected to or which does impose
material limitations on the ability  of Purchaser, or render Purchaser
unable, to acquire or hold or to  exercise effectively all material rights of
ownership of the Common  Shares, including, the right to vote any Common
Shares purchased by  Purchaser on all matters properly presented to the
stockholders of the  Company, or effectively to control in any material
respect the  business, assets or operations of the Company, its Subsidiaries
or  Purchaser or any of their respective affiliates, (iv) that would 
reasonably be expected to or which does impose circumstances under  which the
purchase or payment for some or all of the Common Shares  pursuant to the
Offer and Merger would reasonably be expected to have  a Parent Material
Adverse Effect, or (v) which otherwise would  reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect; or   (b) as of the Last Month-End, there
shall not have been (i) Fund  Approval obtained with respect to Fund Clients
and (ii) Client Consent  obtained, in the manner contemplated by Section
5.13(d) of the Merger  Agreement, of Clients other than Fund Clients ("NON-
FUND CLIENTS"),  the aggregate Fund Client Revenue and Non-Fund Client
Revenue of which  accounts, as of such date, together represent 75% (the
"REQUIRED  CONSENT PERCENTAGE") or more of the sum of aggregate Fund Client 
Revenue and Non-Fund Client Revenue (such sum, as of any given date,  the
"AGGREGATE CLIENT REVENUE") as of May 31, 2000. As used herein,  the "FUND
CLIENT REVENUE" shall mean, as of any given date, the  aggregate annualized
investment advisory and subadvisory fees for all  Fund Client accounts
managed by the Company and its Subsidiaries,  determined by multiplying the
Adjusted Assets Under Management for  each such account on such date, by the
applicable annual fee rate for  such account at such date (excluding any
performance-based fees and  net of any fee waivers, expense reimbursements or
assumptions and  unreimbursed payments by the Company or such Subsidiaries to
brokers,  dealers or other Persons with respect to the distribution of shares
of  the Fund Clients or services provided to Fund Client shareholders 
pursuant to any distribution or shareholder services agreements). As  used
herein, "NON-FUND CLIENT REVENUE" shall mean, as of any given  date, the
aggregate annualized investment advisory and subadvisory  fees for all Non-
Fund Client accounts managed by the Company and its  Subsidiaries, determined
by multiplying the Adjusted Assets Under  Management for each such account by
the applicable annual fee rate for  such account at such date (excluding any
performance-based fees and  net of any referral or servicing fees payable by
the Company or such  Subsidiaries). As used herein, the "ADJUSTED ASSETS
UNDER MANAGEMENT"  shall mean, for any account at a particular date, the
amount of assets  under management by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
in that  account at May 31, 2000, as adjusted for net cash flows
(additions,  withdrawals and reinvestments), new accounts and terminated
accounts  from and after May 31, 2000; or   (c) as of the Last Month-End,
there shall not have been (i) Fund  Approval obtained with respect to Fund
Clients of the Limited Special  Subsidiaries and (ii) Client Consent
obtained, in the manner  contemplated by Section 5.13(d) of the Merger
Agreement, of Non-Fund  Clients of the Limited Special Subsidiaries, the
aggregate Fund Client  Revenue and Non-Fund Client Revenue of which accounts,
as of such  date, together represent 80% or more of the sum of aggregate
Fund  Client Revenue and Non-Fund Cli-    A-2    ent Revenue as of May
31, 2000 of the Limited Special Subsidiaries; or   (d) as of the Last Month-
End, there shall not have been Fund Approval  obtained with respect to Fund
Clients of Pilgrim, Baxter and Associates,  the aggregate Fund Client Revenue
of which accounts, as of such date,  together represent 90% or more of the
sum of aggregate Fund Client  Revenue as of May 31, 2000 of Pilgrim, Baxter and
Associates; or   (e) there shall have occurred any changes, events, effects
or  developments that, individually or in the aggregate, constituted, or 
that would reasonably be expected to constitute a Company Material  Adverse
Effect; or   (f) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in
accordance with  its terms; or   (g) (i) the Company Board shall have
withdrawn, changed or modified  (including by amendment of its Schedule
14D-9), in any such case in a  manner adverse to Purchaser or Parent, its
approval or recommendation  of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger
or shall have  recommended an Acquisition Proposal, or shall have adopted
any  resolution to effect any of the foregoing, or (ii) the Company Board 
shall have recommended any proposal other than the Merger Agreement in 
respect of an Acquisition Proposal; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any public 
statement by the Company that (A) it has received an Acquisition  Proposal or
otherwise taken any action permitted by Section 5.3(a) of  the Merger
Agreement or (B) otherwise describes the operation of the  provisions of the
Merger Agreement relating to an Acquisition  Proposal, termination or the
Company Board\'s approval or  recommendation of the Merger Agreement or the
transactions  contemplated thereby, shall not, in and of themselves, be
deemed to be  a public proposal to withdraw, change or modify the Company
Board\'s  approval or recommendation for the purposes of this clause (g);
or   (h) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in
the  Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct (without giving effect 
to any qualifications as to "Company Material Adverse Effect,"  "material" or
similar qualifications) on and as of the Expiration Date  as though made on
and as of the Expiration Date (except to the extent  any such representation
or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier  or different date, and except
for changes contemplated or permitted by  the terms hereof) except, in either
case, where the failure of such  representations and warranties to be so true
and correct (without  giving effect to any qualifications as to "Company
Material Adverse  Effect," "material" or similar qualifications) would not,
in the  aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or   (i) the
Company shall not have performed in all material respects all  obligations
required to be performed by it under the Merger Agreement  at or prior to the
Expiration Date; or    A-3      (j) provided such approval is required
by Applicable Law (or by any  requirements of the London Stock Exchange), the
Merger Agreement and  the transactions contemplated hereby shall not have
been approved by  the holders of a majority of Parent\'s outstanding ordinary
shares at  the EGM; or   (k) there shall have occurred and be continuing
(i) any general  suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices for,
securities on  the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange
(excluding  any coordinated trading halt triggered as a result of a
specified  decrease in a market index) related to market conditions, (ii) a 
declaration of a banking moratorium or any suspension of payments in  respect
of banks in the United States or the United Kingdom by any  Governmental
Entity, (iii) any material mandatory limitation by any  Governmental Entity
on the extension of credit by banks or other  lending institutions in the
United Kingdom, or (iv) a commencement of  a war directly or indirectly
involving the United States or the United  Kingdom.   The parties
acknowledge that the Tender Offer Conditions set forth above in this Annex I
are for the sole benefit of Parent and Purchaser, that Parent or Purchaser
may assert the failure of any of the Tender Offer Conditions regardless of
the circumstances (other than any circumstance arising solely by any action
or inaction by Parent or Purchaser) giving rise to any such failure, that the
Company shall not assert the failure of, or waive, any such condition without
the prior written consent of Parent and Purchaser, and that if Parent
or Purchaser elects to waive any such condition to the Offer (which Parent
or Purchaser may do in whole or in part at any time and from time to time),
the Company shall cooperate and comply with such election. The failure by
Parent or Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall
not be deemed a waiver of any such right, and each such right shall be deemed
an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to time.  
Should the Offer be terminated pursuant to any of the foregoing provisions,
all tendered Common Shares not theretofore accepted for payment shall
forthwith be returned to the tendering stockholders.    A-4     '

