 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER         
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    between    THE SOUTH FINANCIAL GROUP,
INC.    and   MOUNTAINBANK FINANCIAL CORPORATION     Dated as of May
14, 2003                   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of May 14, 2003,
between The South Financial Group, Inc., a South Carolina
corporation ("TSFG") and MountainBank Financial Corporation, a North Carolina
corporation ("MBFC").   Recitals   The Boards of Directors of TSFG and
MBFC have determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
companies and their shareholders to consummate the business combination
transaction provided for herein in which MBFC will, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein, merge (the "Merger") with and into TSFG.   The
parties desire to make certain representations, warranties and agreements in
connection with the Merger and also to prescribe certain conditions to the
Merger.   Agreement   In consideration of the mutual covenants,
representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and intending to
be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:    ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION  1.1 Definitions. The following terms shall
have the indicated definitions.  Acquisition Proposal. Any tender offer or
exchange offer or any proposal for a merger, reorganization, consolidation,
share exchange, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other business
combination involving MBFC or any proposal or offer to acquire a substantial
equity interest in, or a substantial portion of the assets of, MBFC, other
than the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.  Articles of Merger.
The articles of merger complying with the NCBCA and the SCBCA reflecting the
merger of MBFC with and into TSFG.  BHC Act. The Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended.  Common Exchange Ratio. The Per Common Share Merger
Consideration expressed as a ratio (rounded to three decimals) of TSFG Common
Stock to MBFC Common Stock.  DPC Shares. Shares held by MBFC, TSFG or any of
TSFG\'s Subsidiaries in respect of a debt previously contracted.  Effective
Time. The effective time of the Merger, specified in the Articles of
Merger.  Environmental Laws. Applicable federal, state and local laws,
including common law, regulations and ordinances, and all applicable decrees,
orders and contractual obligations relating to pollution or the discharge of,
or exposure to, Hazardous Materials in the environment or workplace.  ERISA.
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  Exchange
Act. The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Exchange Agent.
Registrar and Transfer Company or the successor stock transfer agent of TSFG,
which shall be responsible for the exchange of the Merger Consideration for
the MBFC Capital Stock.  Exchange Ratio. In the case of MBFC Common Stock,
the Common Exchange Ratio and in the case of Series A Preferred Stock, the
Preferred Exchange Ratio.  Fair Market Value. The Ten Trading Day Average,
unless (1) the Ten Trading Day Average is less than $21.00, in which case it
will be deemed to be $21.00 or (2) the Ten Trading Day Average is greater
than $25.00, in which case it will be deemed to be $25.00.  FDIC. The
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  Federal Reserve Board. The Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   1    Federal Reserve Consent.
The consent of the Federal Reserve Board necessary to consummation of the
Merger.  GAAP. Generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied during the periods involved.  Governmental Entity. Any court,
administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or
instrumentality.  Hazardous Materials. Any chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, petroleum or other regulated
substances or materials.  IRS. The Internal Revenue Service.  Loan Property.
Any property in which MBFC holds a security interest, and, where required by
the context, such term means the owner or operator of such property.  MBFC
Capital Stock. The MBFC Common Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock.  MBFC
Common Stock. The common stock, par value $4.00 per share, of MBFC.  MBFC
Option Plans. The 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan, as amended, the 1997
Director Stock Option Plan, as amended, the First Western Bank, the
1998 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, and the First Western Bank 1999
Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, all as referenced in MBFC\'s SEC filings. 
MBFC Stock Certificate. A certificate, which previous to the
Merger represented any shares of MBFC Capital Stock.  Material Adverse
Effect. With respect to TSFG or MBFC, as the case may be, a material adverse
effect on (i) the business, results of operations or financial condition of
such party and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than any such effect
attributable to or resulting from (t) any c hange in banking or similar laws,
rules or regulations of general applicability or interpretations thereof by
courts or governmental authorities, (u) any change in GAAP or regulatory
accounting principles applicable to banks, thrifts or their holding companies
generally, (v) any action or omission of the parties taken with the prior
written consent of the other parties hereto, (w) any events, conditions or
trends in business or financial conditions affecting the banking industry,
(x) any change or development in financial or securities markets or the
economy in general, including changes in interest rates, or (y) the
announcement or execution of this Agreement, including any impact
on relationships with customers or employees, or (ii) the ability of the
parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  Merger
Consideration. The aggregate number of shares of TSFG Common Stock issuable
by TSFG upon conversion of the MBFC Capital Stock as provided herein, which
shall be equal to the sum of (1) the Per Common Share Merger Consideration
multiplied by the number of shares of MBFC Common Stock outstanding at
Closing and (2) the Per Preferred Share Merger Consideration multiplied by
the number of shares of Series A Preferred outstanding at Closing. 
MountainBank. MountainBank, a state-chartered, non-member bank and wholly-
owned subsidiary of MBFC.  NCBCA. The North Carolina Business Corporation
Act, as amended.  Participation Facility. Any facility in which MBFC
participates in the management and, where required by the context, such term
means the owner or operator of such facility.  Per Common Share Merger
Consideration. A number of shares of TSFG Common Stock equal to $32.50
divided by the Fair Market Value.  Per Preferred Share Merger Consideration.
A number of shares of TSFG Common Stock equal to $39.00 divided by the Fair
Market Value.  Per Share Merger Consideration. In the case of MBFC Common
Stock, the Per Common Share Merger Consideration, and in the case of Series A
Preferred Stock, the Per Preferred Share Merger Consideration.  Preferred
Exchange Ratio. The Per Preferred Share Merger Consideration expressed as a
ratio (rounded to three decimals) of TSFG Common Stock to Series A Preferred
Stock.  Regulatory Agencies. The Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC,
any applicable state banking commissions or any other state bank
regulatory authority and any applicable self-regulatory organization with
jurisdiction over the parties hereto or transactions contemplated herein. 
Rights. Subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments or agreements of
any character to purchase capital stock.  SCBCA. The South Carolina Business
Corporation Act, as amended.  SEC. The Securities and Exchange
Commission.   2    Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred
Stock, no par value per share, of MBFC.  Subsidiary. The word "Subsidiary"
(1) when used with respect to MBFC shall mean any corporation, partnership or
other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, which is
consolidated with such party for financial reporting purposes, and (2) when
used with respect to TSFG shall mean each Subsidiary of TSFG that is a
"Significant Subsidiary" within the meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of
the SEC.  Superior Proposal. With respect to MBFC, any written
Acquisition Proposal made by a person other than TSFG which is for (i) (a) a
merger, reorganization, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, recapitalization or similar transaction involving MBFC, (b) a
sale, lease, exchange, transfer, or other disposition of at least 50% of the
assets of MBFC, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions,
or (c) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by a person of beneficial
ownership of 50% or more of MBFC Common Stock whether by merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, tender, or exchange
offer or otherwise, and (ii) which is otherwise on terms which the Board of
Directors of MBFC in good faith concludes (after consultation with its
financial advisors and outside counsel) would, if consummated, result in a
transaction that is more favorable to its stockholders (in their capacities
as stockholders), from a financial point of view, than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  Surviving Corporation. The surviving
corporation to the Merger, which shall be TSFG.  Taxes. Taxes shall mean all
taxes, charges, fees, levies, penalties or other assessments imposed by any
United States federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority, including,
but not limited to income, excise, property, sales, transfer, franchise,
payroll, withholding, social security or other taxes, including any interest,
penalties or additions attributable thereto.  Tax Return. Any return, report,
information return or other document (including any related or supporting
information) with respect to Taxes.  Ten Trading Day Average. The average of
the last reported sale price per share of the TSFG Common Stock as reported
on the NASDAQ/NMS (as reported in the Wall Street Journal or another mutually
agreeable authoritative source) for the ten consecutive trading days
immediately subsequent to the date of the Federal Reserve Consent.  Trust
Account Shares. Shares of MBFC Capital Stock or TSFG Common Stock held
directly or indirectly in trust accounts, managed accounts and the like
or otherwise held in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of third parties. 
TSFG Common Stock. The common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of TSFG.  
1.2 Terms Defined Elsewhere. The capitalized terms set forth below
are defined in the following sections:  "Agreement" Preamble  "Benefit
Agreements" Section 7.8(c)  "Closing" Section 10.1  "Closing Date" Section
10.1  "Code" Section 2.3  "Company Director" Section 7.11  "Dissenting
Shareholder" Section 2.10  "Dissenting Shares" Section 2.10  "ERISA
Affiliate" Section 4.13(a)  "Exchange Fund" Section 2.8  "Injunction"
Section 8.1(e)  "Loans" Section 4.21(a)  "MBFC" Preamble  "MBFC Contract"
Section 4.16(a)  "MBFC Director" Section 7.12  "MBFC Disclosure Schedule"
Section 3.1  "MBFC Financial Statements" Section 4.8  "MBFC Reports" Section
4.6  "Maximum Amount" Section 7.9  "Merger" Recitals   3    "Plans"
Section 4.13(a)  "Proxy Statement/Prospectus" Section 4.4  "Regulatory
Agreement" Section 4.17  "Representatives" Section 7.3(a)  "Requisite
Regulatory Approvals" Section 8.1(c)  "S-4" Section 4.14  "Securities Act"
Section 2.11(b)  "State Banking Approvals" Section 4.4  "TSFG" Preamble 
"TSFG\'s Counsel" Section 8.2(d)  "TSFG Disclosure Schedule" Section 3.1 
"TSFG Financial Statements" Section 5.7  "TSFG Preferred Stock" Section 5.2 
"TSFG Reports" Section 5.5  "Termination Fee Amount" Section 9.2(b)  "The
Orr Group" Section 4.9   1.3 Interpretation. When a reference is made iement
to Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to a Section of
or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation". The phrases "the date hereof" and terms of similar import,
unless the context otherwise requires, shall be deemed to refer to the date
of this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to
require MBFC, TSFG or any of their respective affiliates to take any action
that would violate any applicable law (including common law), rule
or regulation.    ARTICLE II  PLAN OF MERGER   2.1 The Merger. Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in accordance with the NCBCA
and SCBCA, at the Effective Time, MBFC shall merge with and into TSFG. TSFG
shall be the Surviving Corporation, and shall continue its corporate
existence under the laws of the State of South Carolina. The name of the
Surviving Corporation shall continue to be "The South Financial Group, Inc."
Upon consummation of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of
MBFC shall terminate.   2.2 Effective Time and Effects of the Merger.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date, the
Articles of Merger shall be duly prepared, executed and delivered for filing
with the Secretaries of State of the State of North Carolina and the State of
South Carolina. The Merger shall become effective at the Effective Time. At
and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set forth in
the NCBCA and SCBCA.   2.3 Tax Consequences. It is intended that the Merger
shall constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and that this
Agreement shall constitute a plan of reorganization for the purposes of
Sections 354 and 361 of the Code.   2.4 Conversion of MBFC Capital Stock. 
(a) (1) At the Effective Time, subject to Section 2.9(e), each share of MBFC
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than Dissenting Shares and shares of MBFC Common Stock held
directly or indirectly by MBFC, TSFG or any of TSFG\'s Subsidiaries (except
for Trust Account Shares and DPC Shares)) shall, by virtue of this Agreement
and without any   4   action on the part of the holder thereof, be
converted into and exchangeable for the right to receive, the Per Common
Share Merger Consideration.  (2) At the Effective Time, subject to Section
2.9(e), each share of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Dissenting Shares and
shares of Series A Preferred Stock held directly or indirectly by MBFC, TSFG
or any of TSFG\'s Subsidiaries (except for Trust Account Shares and DPC
Shares)) shall, by virtue of this Agreement and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, be converted into and exchangeable for the right
to receive, the Per Preferred Share Merger Consideration.  (b) All of the
shares of MBFC Capital Stock converted into the Per Share Merger
Consideration pursuant to this Article II shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of
MBFC Stock Certificates shall thereafter cease to have any rights with
respect to such securities, except the right to receive for each share
(i) the Per Share Merger Consideration, (ii) any dividends and other
distributions in accordance with Section 2.9(b) hereof, and (iii) any cash in
lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.9(e).  (c) If, between the
date hereof and the Effective Time, (i) the shares of TSFG Common Stock shall
be changed (or TSFG establishes a record date for changing such shares which
is prior to the Effective Time) into a different number or class of shares by
reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination,
exchange of shares or readjustment, (ii) a stock dividend shall be declared
(or TSFG establishes a record date for such dividend which is prior to the
Effective Time) in respect of TSFG Common Stock, or (iii) any distribution is
made (or TSFG establishes a record date for such distribution which is prior
to the Effective Time) in respect of TSFG Common Stock other than a regular
quarterly cash dividend consistent with past practice,
proportionate adjustments shall be made to the Exchange Ratio.  (d) At the
Effective Time, all shares of MBFC Capital Stock that are owned directly or
indirectly by MBFC, TSFG or any of TSFG\'s Subsidiaries (other than Trust
Account Shares and DPC Shares) shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist
and no stock of TSFG, cash or other consideration shall be delivered
in exchange therefor. All shares of TSFG Common Stock that are owned by MBFC
(other than Trust Account Shares and DPC Shares) shall be cancelled.   2.5
TSFG Common Stock. Except for shares of TSFG Common Stock owned by
MBFC (other than Trust Account Shares and DPC Shares), which shall be
cancelled as contemplated by Section 2.4 hereof, the shares of TSFG Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
unaffected by the Merger and such shares shall remain issued and
outstanding.   2.6 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. At the Effective
Time, the Articles of Incorporation of TSFG, as in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time, shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of TSFG, as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with applicable
law.   2.7 Directors and Executive Officers. At and after the Effective
Time, the directors of TSFG shall consist of all of the directors of TSFG
serving immediately prior to the Effective Time and the additional person who
shall become a director of TSFG in accordance with Section 7.11 hereof, each
to hold office in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of
the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly elected
or appointed and qualified. The executive officers of TSFG immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation,
each to hold office in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation and
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are
duly elected or appointed and qualified.   2.8 TSFG to Make Shares
Available. As of the Effective Time, TSFG shall deposit, or shall cause to be
deposited with the Exchange Agent, for exchange in accordance with this
Article II, (i) certificates representing the shares of TSFG Common Stock to
be issued pursuant to Section 2.4 and Section 2.9(a) in exchange for
outstanding shares of MBFC Capital Stock, and (ii) the cash in lieu of
fractional shares to be paid in accordance with Section 2.9(e) hereof.
Such   5   cash and certificates for shares of TSFG Common Stock,
together with any dividends or distributions with respect thereto, are
hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund."   2.9 Exchange of Shares. 
(a) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, and in any event within
seven business days after the Effective Time, or otherwise as may be agreed
upon by the parties, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record
of MBFC Stock Certificates at the Effective Time, a form letter
of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss and title to the MBFC Stock Certificates shall pass, only upon
delivery of the MBFC Stock Certificates, to the Exchange Agent) and
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the MBFC Stock
Certificates in exchange for Merger Consideration. MBFC shall have the right
to review both the letter of transmittal and the instructions prior to the
Effective Time and provide reasonable comments thereon. Upon surrender of
MBFC Stock Certificates for exchange and cancellation to the Exchange Agent,
together with a properly executed letter of transmittal, the holder of such
MBFC Stock Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (x)
a certificate representing that number of whole shares of TSFG Common Stock
which such holder of MBFC Capital Stock became entitled to receive pursuant
to the provisions of Article II hereof and (y) a check representing the
amount of cash in lieu of fractional shares, if any, which such holder has
the right to receive in respect of the MBFC Stock Certificates, as provided
in Section 2.9(e), and the MBFC Stock Certificates so surrendered shall
forthwith be cancelled. No interest will be paid or accrued on the cash in
lieu of fractional shares or the unpaid dividends and distributions, if any,
payable to holders of MBFC Stock Certificates.  (b) No dividends or other
distributions declared after the Effective Time with respect to TSFG Common
Stock and payable to the holders of record thereof shall be paid to the
holder of any unsurrendered MBFC Stock Certificate until the holder thereof
shall surrender such MBFC Stock Certificate in accordance with this Article
II. After the surrender of a MBFC Stock Certificate in accordance with this
Article II, the record holder thereof shall be entitled to receive any such
dividends or other distributions, without any interest thereon, which
theretofore had become payable with respect to shares of TSFG Common Stock
represented by such MBFC Stock Certificate.  (c) If any certificate
representing shares of TSFG Common Stock is to be issued in a name other than
that in which the MBFC Stock Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is
registered, it shall be a condition of the issuance thereof that the MBFC
Stock Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed (or accompanied
by an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for
transfer, and that the person requesting such exchange shall pay to the
Exchange Agent in advance any transfer or other taxes required by reason of
the issuance of a certificate representing shares of TSFG Common Stock in any
name other than that of the registered holder of the MBFC Stock Certificate
surrendered, or required for any other reason, or shall establish to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or
is not payable.  (d) After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on
the stock transfer books of MBFC of the shares of MBFC Capital Stock which
were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If,
after the Effective Time, MBFC Stock Certificates representing such shares
are presented for transfer to the Exchange Agent, they shall be cancelled and
exchanged for certificates representing shares of TSFG Common Stock, as
provided in this Article II.  (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, no certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of
TSFG Common Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of MBFC
Stock Certificates, no dividend or distribution with respect to TSFG Common
Stock shall be payable on or with respect to any fractional share, and such
fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to
any other rights of a shareholder of TSFG. In lieu of the issuance of any
such fractional share, TSFG shall pay to each former stockholder of MBFC who
otherwise would be entitled to receive a fractional share of TSFG Common
Stock an amount in cash determined by multiplying (i) the Fair Market Value
by (ii) the fraction of a share of TSFG Common Stock which such holder would
otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof.  (f) Any
portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the stockholders of
MBFC for twelve months after the Effective Time shall be paid to TSFG. Any
stockholders of MBFC who have not theretofore complied with this Article II
shall thereafter look only to TSFG for payment of the Per Share Merger
Consideration and/or the unpaid dividends and distributions on the TSFG  
6   Common Stock deliverable in respect of each share of MBFC Capital Stock
such stockholder holds as determined pursuant to this Agreement, in each
case, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of
TSFG, MBFC, the Exchange Agent or any other person shall be liable to any
former holder of shares of MBFC Capital Stock for any amount properly
delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar laws.  (g) In the event any MBFC Stock Certificate shall
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the person claiming such MBFC Stock Certificate to be lost, stolen or
destroyed and the posting by such person of a bond in such amount as the
Exchange Agent may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against it with respect to such MBFC Stock Certificate, the Exchange Agent
will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed MBFC Stock
Certificate the Per Share Merger Consideration deliverable in respect thereof
pursuant to this Agreement.   2.10 Dissenter\'s Rights. Any holder of shares
of MBFC Capital Stock who shall have exercised rights to dissent with respect
to the Merger in accordance with the NCBCA and who has properly exercised
such shareholder\'s rights to demand payment of the "fair value" of the
shareholder\'s shares (the "Dissenting Shares") as provided in the NCBCA (the
"Dissenting Shareholder") shall thereafter have only such rights, if any, as
are provided a Dissenting Shareholder in accordance with the NCBCA and shall
have no rights to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration under Section
2.4 (provided, that nothing contained herein shall limit such Dissenting
Shareholder\'s rights to the payment of all declared and unpaid dividends);
provided, however, that if a Dissenting Shareholder shall fail to properly
demand payment (in accordance with the NCBCA) in conjunction with such
appraisal or shall become ineligible for such appraisal, then such Dissenting
Shareholder\'s Dissenting Shares automatically shall cease to be Dissenting
Shares and shall be converted into and represent only the right to receive,
upon surrender of the certificate representing the Dissenting Shares, the Per
Share Merger Consideration provided for in Section 2.4 and declared and
unpaid dividends as provided in Section 2.9(b).   2.11 Stock Options.  (a)
At the Effective Time, each option granted by MBFC under the MBFC Option
Plans, which is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior thereto shall
cease to represent a right to acquire shares of MBFC Common Stock and shall
be converted automatically into a fully-vested option to purchase shares of
TSFG Common Stock in an amount and at an exercise price determined
as provided below (and otherwise subject to the terms of the applicable MBFC
Option Plan), the agreements evidencing grants thereunder, and any other
agreements between MBFC and an optionee regarding MBFC Options):  (1) the
number of shares of TSFG Common Stock to be subject to the new option shall
be equal to the product of the number of shares of MBFC Common Stock subject
to the original option and the Common Exchange Ratio, provided that any
fractional shares of TSFG Common Stock resulting from such multiplication
shall be rounded to the nearest whole share (and .5 of a share shall be
rounded up); and  (2) the exercise price per share of TSFG Common Stock
under the new option shall be equal to the exercise price per share of MBFC
Common Stock under the original option divided by the Common Exchange Ratio,
provided that such exercise price shall be rounded to the nearest cent (and
.5 of a cent shall be rounded down).  (b) Prior to the Effective Time, TSFG
shall reserve for issuance the number of shares of TSFG Common Stock
necessary to satisfy TSFG\'s obligations under this Section. TSFG shall file
with the SEC no later than five business days after the Effective Time, a
registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), with respect to the shares of TSFG
Common Stock subject to options to acquire TSFG Common Stock issued pursuant
to this Section, and shall use its best efforts to maintain the current
status of the prospectus contained therein, as well as comply with applicable
state securities or "blue sky" laws, for so long as such options remain
outstanding; provided, however, that TSFG shall only be required to file and
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement with respect to
options that are eligible to be registered on a Form S-8.  (c) Prior to the
Effective Time, TSFG and MBFC shall take all such steps as may be required to
cause any acquisitions of TSFG equity securities (including derivative
securities with respect to any TSFG equity securities) and dispositions of
MBFC equity securities (including derivative securities with  
7   respect to any MBFC equity securities) resulting from the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by each individual who is
anticipated to be subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act with respect to TSFG or who is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to MBFC, to be
exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.    ARTICLE
III  DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES; STANDARDS FOR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  
3.1 Disclosure Schedules. Prior to the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, MBFC has delivered to TSFG, and TSFG has delivered to MBFC,
a schedule (in the case of MBFC, the "MBFC Disclosure Schedule," and in the
case of TSFG, the "TSFG Disclosure Schedule") setting forth, among other
things, items the disclosure of which is necessary or appropriate either in
response to an express disclosure requirement contained in a provision hereof
or as an exception to one or more of such party\'s representations or
warranties contained in Article IV, in the case of MBFC, or Article V, in the
case of TSFG, or to one or more of such party\'s covenants contained in
Article VI (it being understood and agreed that (i) if an item is properly
set forth in one MFBC Disclosure Schedule, it shall be deemed to be set forth
in any other relevant MBFC Disclosure Schedule, and (ii) if an item is
properly set forth in one TSFG Disclosure Schedule, it shall be deemed to be
set forth in any other relevant TSFG Disclosure Schedule); provided, however,
that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary (a) no such
item is required to be set forth in the Disclosure Schedule as an exception
to a representation or warranty if its absence would not result in the
related representation or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect under the
standard established by Section 3.2, and (b) the mere inclusion of an item in
a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty shall
not be deemed an admission by a party that such item represents a material
exception or material fact, event or circumstance or that such item has had
or would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to either MBFC or TSFG,
respectively.   3.2 Standards. No representation or warranty of MBFC
contained in Article IV or of TSFG contained in Article V shall be deemed
untrue or incorrect for any purpose under this Agreement, and no party hereto
shall be deemed to have breached a representation or warranty for any purpose
under this Agreement, in any case as a consequence of the existence or
absence of any fact, circumstance or event unless such fact, circumstance or
event, individually or when taken together with all other facts,
circumstances or events inconsistent with any representations or warranties
contained in Article IV, in the case of MBFC, or Article V, in the case of
TSFG, has had or would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to MBFC or
TSFG, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representation set
forth in 4.13(e) shall be deemed to have been breached if it is materially
inaccurate.   3.3 Subsidiaries. Where the context permits, "TSFG" shall
refer to TSFG and each of its Subsidiaries and "MBFC" shall refer to MBFC and
each of its Subsidiaries.   ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
THE COMPANY   Subject to Article III, MBFC hereby represents and warrants to
TSFG as follows:   4.1 Corporate Organization. (a) MBFC is a bank holding
company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of North Carolina. MBFC has the corporate power and authority to
own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as
it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business
in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or
the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it
makes such licensing or qualification necessary. The Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws of MBFC,   8   copies of which have previously
been made available to TSFG, are true and correct copies of such documents as
in effect as of the date hereof.  (b) Each Subsidiary of MBFC is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization. Each Subsidiary of MBFC
has the corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is
duly licensed or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the
nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the
properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or
qualification necessary. The deposit accounts of each Subsidiary of MBFC that
is a bank are insured by the FDIC through the Bank Insurance Fund or the
Savings Association Insurance Fund to the fullest extent permitted by law,
and all premiums and assessments required in connection therewith have been
paid when due.  (c) MBFC has no, and since December 31, 1997 MBFC has not had
any, Subsidiaries other than those listed in Section 4.1(c) of the MBFC
Disclosure Schedule, all of which are 100% owned. MBFC neither owns nor
controls, directly or indirectly 5% or more of the outstanding equity
securities, either directly or indirectly, of any Person.  (d) The minute
books of MBFC contain true and correct records of all meetings and other
corporate actions held or taken since December 31, 2000 of its stockholders
and Board of Directors (including committees of the Board of Directors).  
4.2 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of MBFC consists
of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $4.00 per share and
3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. As of the date hereof, (1)
there are 3,200,882 shares of MBFC Common Stock issued and outstanding, (2)
there are 450,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock authorized, 419,243
shares of which are issued and outstanding, and (3) no shares of MBFC Common
Stock held by MBFC as treasury stock. Except as set forth on Section 4.2 of
the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, there were no shares of
MBFC Capital Stock reserved for issuance for any reason or purpose. A maximum
of 282,834 shares of MBFC Common Stock shall become issuable in connection
with CNB Holdings, Inc. (including MBFC shares issuable in respect of options
to purchase CNB Holdings, Inc. common stock). All of the issued and
outstanding shares of MBFC Capital Stock have been duly authorized and
validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive
rights, with no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof. Except
as set forth on the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, MBFC does not have and is not
bound by any outstanding Rights calling for the purchase or issuance of any
shares of MBFC Capital Stock or any other equity security of MBFC or any
securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares
of MBFC Capital Stock or any other equity security of MBFC. On the date
hereof, MBFC has approximately 2,012 shareholders of record.   4.3
Authority. MBFC has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by
the Board of Directors of MBFC. The Board of Directors of MBFC has directed
that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby be submitted to
MBFC\'s stockholders for approval at a meeting of such stockholders and,
except for the adoption of this Agreement by the requisite vote of MBFC\'s
stockholders, no other corporate proceedings on the part of MBFC are
necessary to approve this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by MBFC and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
TSFG) this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of MBFC,
enforceable against MBFC in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement
may be limited by general principles of equity whether applied in a court of
law or a court of equity and by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights and remedies generally.   4.4 Consents and
Approvals. Except for (a) the filing with the SEC of the S-4, including the
proxy statement/prospectus therein relating to the meeting of MBFC\'s
stockholders to be held in connection with the transactions
contemplated herein (the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus") and the SEC\'s
declaration of the effectiveness of the S-4, (b) the approval of this
Agreement by the requisite vote of the stockholders of MBFC, (c) the filing
of applications and notices, as   9   applicable, with the Federal
Reserve Board under the BHC Act and with the FDIC under the Bank Merger Act,
Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the rules and regulations of the FDIC, and
approval of such applications and notices, (d) the filing of such
applications, filings, authorizations, orders and approvals as may be
required under applicable state law (the "State Banking Approvals") and (e)
any consents or approvals listed in Section 4.4 of the MBFC
Disclosure Schedule, no consents or approvals of or filings or registrations
with any Governmental Entity or with any third party are required to be made
by MBFC in connection with (1) the execution and delivery by MBFC of this
Agreement or (2) the consummation by MBFC of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby.   4.5 No Violations. Except as may be set
forth in Section 4.5 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by MBFC, nor the consummation by MBFC of the
transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by MBFC with any of the
terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws of MBFC, or (ii) assuming that the consents and
approvals referred to in Section 4.4 hereof are duly obtained, (x) violate
any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree
or injunction applicable to MBFC or any of its properties or assets, or (y)
violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of
any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate
the performance required by, or result in the creation of any lien, pledge,
security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the properties or
assets of MBFC under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which MBFC is a party, or by which it or its
properties or assets may be bound or affected.   4.6 SEC Reports. MBFC has
previously made available to TSFG a true and correct copy of each (a) final
registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive proxy
statement filed since December 31, 2000 by MBFC with the SEC pursuant to the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act (the "MBFC Reports") and (b) communication
mailed by MBFC to its shareholders since December 31, 2000, and no such MBFC
Report (when filed and at their respective effective time, if applicable) or
communication (when mailed) contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except that
information as of a later date shall be deemed to modify information as of an
earlier date. MBFC has timely filed all MBFC Reports and other documents
required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
since December 31, 2000, and each such MBFC Report and other
documents complied in all material respects with the rules and regulations
applicable thereto when filed.   4.7 Regulatory Reports. MBFC has timely
filed all reports, registrations and statements, together with any amendments
required to be made with respect thereto, that it was required to file since
December 31, 2000 with the Regulatory Agencies and has paid all fees and
assessments due and payable in connection therewith. Except for normal
examinations conducted by a Regulatory Agency in the regular course of the
business of MBFC, no Regulatory Agency has initiated any proceeding or, to
the knowledge of MBFC, investigation into the business or operations of MBFC
since December 31, 2000. There is no unresolved violation or exception by any
Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement relating to any
examinations of MBFC.   4.8 Financial Statements. MBFC has previously made
available to TSFG (1) copies of the balance sheets of MBFC as of December 31
for the fiscal years 2001 and 2002, and the related statements of earnings,
stockholders\' equity and cash flows for the fiscal years 2000 through 2002,
inclusive, as reported in MBFC\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2002 with the SEC under the Exchange Act, accompanied
by the audit report of Larrowe and Company, PLL, independent public accountants
with respect to MBFC, and (2) copies of unaudited balance sheets and the
related statements of earnings, stockholders\' equity and cash flows of MBFC
at and for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, as reported in MBFC\'s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for such quarter   10   filed with the SEC under the
Exchange Act, and will make available on or before August 14, 2003 copies of
unaudited balance sheets and the related statements of earnings,
stockholders\' equity and cash flows of MBFC at and for the quarter ended
June 30, 2003 (collectively, the "MBFC Financial Statements"). Subject,
in the case of the unaudited statements, to audit adjustments reasonable in
nature and amount, the MBFC Financial Statements fairly present the financial
position of MBFC as of the dates indicated therein, and when included in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus will fairly present the results of the operations
and financial position of MBFC for the respective fiscal periods or as of
the respective dates therein set forth. Subject, in the case of the
unaudited statements, to audit adjustments reasonable in nature and amount,
each of the MBFC Financial Statements (including the related notes, where
applicable) complies, and MBFC\'s Financial Statements to be included in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus after the date hereof will comply, with
applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto; and each of such statements
(including the related notes, where applicable) has been, and MBFC\'s
Financial Statements to be included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will
be, prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as indicated in the notes
thereto or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by the SEC. The
books and records of MBFC have been, and are being, maintained in accordance
with GAAP and any other applicable legal and accounting requirements.   4.9
Broker\'s Fees. Neither MBFC nor any of its officers or directors
has employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s
fees, commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except that MBFC has engaged,
and will pay a fee or commission to The Orr Group ("The Orr Group") in
accordance with the terms of a letter agreement between The Orr Group and
MBFC, a true and correct copy of which has been previously made available by
MBFC to TSFG.   4.10 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. (a) Except as
disclosed in any MBFC Report filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof,
since December 31, 2002, (i) there has been no change or development or
combination of changes or developments which, individually or in the
aggregate, has had a Material Adverse Effect on MBFC, and (ii) MBFC has
carried on its business in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practices.  (b) Except as may be set forth in Section 4.10(b) of the
MBFC Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2002 and solely with respect to
executive officers (senior vice president or above) and directors, MBFC has
not (1) increased the wages, salaries, compensation, pension, or other fringe
benefits or perquisites payable to any such person from the amount thereof in
effect as of December 31, 2002, (2) granted any severance or termination pay
to such person or entered into any contract to make or grant any severance or
termination pay to such person, (3) paid any bonus to such person or (4)
entered into any employment- or compensation-related agreement with such
person.   4.11 Legal Proceedings. Except as disclosed in any MBFC Report,
(a) MBFC is not a party to any, and there are no pending or, to MBFC\'s
knowledge, threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings,
claims, actions or governmental or regulatory investigations of any nature
against MBFC or challenging the validity or propriety of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (b) there is no injunction, order,
judgment or decree imposed upon MBFC or its assets.   4.12 Taxes. Except as
may be set forth in Section 4.12 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, MBFC has
(i) duly and timely filed (including applicable extensions granted without
penalty) all material Tax Returns required to be filed at or prior to the
Effective Time, and all such Tax Returns are true and correct, and (ii) paid
in full or made adequate provision in the financial statements of MBFC (in
accordance with GAAP) for all material Taxes shown to be due on such Tax
Returns. Except as set forth in Section 4.12 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule,
(i) as of the date hereof MBFC has not requested any extension of time within
which to file any Tax Returns in respect of any fiscal year which have not
since been filed and no request for waivers of the time to assess any Taxes
are pending or outstanding, and (ii) as of the date hereof, with respect to
each taxable period of MBFC, the federal and state income Tax Returns of MBFC
have not been audited by the IRS or appropriate state tax authorities.  
11    4.13 Employees. (a) Section 4.13(a) of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule
sets forth a true and correct list of each deferred compensation plan,
incentive compensation plan, equity compensation plan, "welfare" plan, fund
or program (within the meaning of section 3(1) of ERISA; "pension" plan, fund
or program (within the meaning of section 3(2) of ERISA); each employment,
termination or severance agreement; and each other employee benefit plan,
fund, program, agreement or arrangement, in each case, that is sponsored,
maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed to by MBFC, any of
its Subsidiaries or by any trade or business, whether or not incorporated (an
"ERISA Affiliate"), all of which together with MBFC would be deemed a "single
employer" within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA, for the benefit of any
employee or former employee of MBFC, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate
(the "Plans").  (b) MBFC has heretofore made available to TSFG with respect
to each of the Plans true and correct copies of each of the following
documents, if applicable: (i) the Plan document; (ii) the actuarial report
for such Plan for each of the last two years, (iii) the most recent
determination letter from the IRS for such Plan and (iv) the most recent
summary plan description and related summaries of material modifications. 
(c) Except as may be set forth in Section 4.13(c) of the MBFC
Disclosure Schedule: each of the Plans is in compliance with the applicable
provisions of the Code and ERISA; each of the Plans intended to be
"qualified" within the meaning of section 401(a) of the Code has received a
favorable determination letter from the IRS; no Plan has an accumulated or
waived funding deficiency within the meaning of section 412 of the Code;
neither MBFC nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, directly or indirectly,
any liability to or on account of a Plan pursuant to Title IV of ERISA (other
than PBGC premiums); to the knowledge of MBFC, no proceedings have been
instituted to terminate any Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA; no
"reportable event," as such term is defined in section 4043(c) of ERISA, has
occurred with respect to any Plan (other than a reportable event with respect
to which the thirty day notice period has been waived); and no condition
exists that presents a material risk to MBFC of incurring a liability to or
on account of a Plan pursuant to Title IV of ERISA; no Plan is a
multiemployer plan within the meaning of section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and no
Plan is a multiple employer plan as defined in Section 413 of the Code; and
there are no pending, or to the knowledge of MBFC, threatened or anticipated
claims (other than routine claims for benefits) by, on behalf of or against
any of the Plans or any trusts related thereto.  (d) Except as may be set
forth in Section 4.13(d) of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, since December 31,
2002, MBFC has not (i) suffered any strike, work stoppage, slow-down, or
other labor disturbance, (ii) been a party to a collective bargaining
agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or
organization, or (iii) had any union organizing activities.  (e) MBFC has
disclosed to TSFG all employment contracts, plans, programs, agreements or
other benefits which could be subject to Section 280G of the Code. Section
4.13(e) of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule sets forth the "Primary
Normal Retirement Benefit" and the present value of the "Secondary Normal
Retirement Benefit" (as each of those terms are defined in the currently-
effective Executive Indexed Retirement Agreements to which MountainBank is a
party) for each of Vincent Rees, J. W. Davis and Greg Gibson.   4.14 MBFC
Information. The information relating to MBFC which is provided to TSFG by
MBFC for inclusion in the registration statement on Form S-4 (the "S-4") in
which the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be included as a prospectus, or in
any other document filed with any other regulatory agency in
connection herewith, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. The
Proxy Statement/Prospectus (to the extent it relates to MBFC) will comply
with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   4.15 Compliance with Applicable Law. MBFC holds all licenses,
franchises, permits and authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of
its businesses under and pursuant to all, and has complied with and is not in
default in any   12   respect under any, applicable law, statute, order,
rule, regulation, policy and/or guideline of any Governmental Entity relating
to MBFC, and MBFC has not received notice of any violations of any of the
above.   4.16 Certain Contracts. (a) Except as set forth in Section 4.16(a)
of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, MBFC is not a party to or bound by any
contract (whether written or oral) (i) with respect to the employment of any
directors, officers, employees or consultants, (ii) which, upon the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will (either
alone or upon the occurrence of any additional acts or events) result in any
payment or benefits (whether of severance pay or otherwise) becoming due, or
the acceleration or vesting of any rights to any payment or benefits, from
TSFG, MBFC, the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective Subsidiaries
to any officer, director, employee or consultant of MBFC, (iii) which is a
material contract (as defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the
SEC) to be performed after the date hereof, (iv) which is a consulting
agreement (including data processing, software programming and licensing
contracts) not terminable on 90 days or less notice involving the payment of
more than $50,000 per annum, or (v) which materially restricts the conduct of
any line of business by MBFC. Each contract, arrangement, commitment or
understanding of the type described in this Section 4.16(a), whether or not
set forth in Section 4.16(a) of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, is referred to
herein as a "MBFC Contract." MBFC has previously delivered or made available
to TSFG true and correct copies of each contract, arrangement, commitment or
understanding of the type described in this Section 4.16(a).  (b) Except as
set forth in Section 4.16(b) of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, (i) each MBFC
Contract is valid and binding and in full force and effect, (ii) MBFC has
performed all obligations required to be performed by it to date under each
MBFC Contract, (iii) no event or condition exists which constitutes or, after
notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute, a default on the part of
MBFC under any MBFC Contract, and (iv) no other party to any MBFC
Contract is, to the knowledge of MBFC, in default in any respect
thereunder.   4.17 Agreements with Regulatory Agencies. Except as may be set
forth in Section 4.17 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, MBFC is not subject to
any cease-and-desist or other order issued by, or is a party to any
written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or
is a party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject
to any order or directive by, or is a recipient of any extraordinary
supervisory letter from, or has adopted any board resolutions at the request
of (each, whether or not set forth on Section 4.17 of the MBFC Disclosure
Schedule, a "Regulatory Agreement"), any Regulatory Agency that restricts the
conduct of its business or that in any manner relates to its capital
adequacy, its credit policies, its management or its business, nor has MBFC
been advised by any Regulatory Agency that it is considering issuing or
requesting any Regulatory Agreement.   4.18 Environmental Matters. Except as
may be set forth in Section 4.18 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule:  (a) MBFC
and, to the knowledge of MBFC, each of the Participation Facilities and the
Loan Properties, are in compliance with all Environmental Laws.  (b) There
is no suit, claim, action or proceeding, pending or, to the knowledge of
MBFC, threatened, before any Governmental Entity or other forum in which
MBFC, any Participation Facility or any Loan Property, has been or,
with respect to threatened proceedings, may be, named as a defendant (x) for
alleged noncompliance (including by any predecessor) with any Environmental
Laws, or (y) relating to the release, threatened release or exposure to any
Hazardous Material whether or not occurring at or on a site owned, leased or
operated by MBFC, any Participation Facility or any Loan Property.  (c) To
the knowledge of MBFC, during the period of (x) MBFC\'s ownership
or operation of any of its current or former properties, (y) MBFC\'s
participation in the management of any Participation Facility, or (z) MBFC\'s
interest in a Loan Property, there has been no release of Hazardous Materials
in, on, under or affecting any such property. To the knowledge of MBFC, prior
to the period of (x) MBFC\'s ownership or operation of any of its current or
former properties, (y) MBFC\'s participation in the management of any
Participation Facility, or (z) MBFC\'s interest in a Loan Property, there was
no release of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or affecting any such
property, Participation Facility or Loan Property.   13    4.19 Opinion.
Prior to the execution of this Agreement, MBFC has received an opinion from
The Orr Group to the effect that, as of the date thereof and based upon and
subject to the matters set forth therein, the Merger Consideration to be
received by the stockholders of MBFC is fair to such stockholders from a
financial point of view. Such opinion has not been amended or rescinded as of
the date hereof.   4.20 Approvals. As of the date hereof, MBFC knows of no
fact or condition relating to MBFC that would prevent all regulatory
approvals required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby (including, without limitation, the Merger) from being obtained.  
4.21 Loan Portfolio. (a) Except as may be set forth in Section 4.21 of
the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, MBFC is not a party to any written or oral (i)
loan agreement, note or borrowing arrangement (including, without limitation,
leases, credit enhancements, commitments, guarantees or interest-bearing
assets) (collectively, "Loans"), other than Loans the unpaid principal
balance of which does not exceed $100,000, under the terms of which the
obligor was, as of April 30, 2003, over 90 days delinquent in payment of
principal or interest or in default of any other provision, or (ii) Loan with
any director, executive officer or 5% or greater stockholder of MBFC, or to
the knowledge of MBFC, any person, corporation or enterprise controlling,
controlled by or under common control with any of the foregoing. Section 4.21
of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule sets forth (i) all of the Loans of MBFC that
as of April 30, 2003, were classified by any bank examiner (whether
regulatory or internal) as "Other Loans Specially Mentioned," "Special
Mention," "Substandard," "Doubtful," "Loss," "Classified," "Criticized,"
"Credit Risk Assets," "Concerned Loans," "Watch List" or words of similar
import, together with the principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest
on each such Loan and the identity of the borrower thereunder, and (ii) each
asset of MBFC that as of April 30, 2003, was classified as "Other Real Estate
Owned" and the book value thereof.  (b) Each Loan in original principal
amount in excess of $100,000 (i) is evidenced by notes, agreements or other
evidences of indebtedness which are true, genuine and what they purport to
be, (ii) to the extent secured, has been secured by valid liens and security
interests which have been perfected and (iii) is the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the obligor named therein, enforceable in accordance with its
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance and other
laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights and
to general equity principles.   4.22 Property. Except as set forth in
Section 4.22 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, MBFC has good and marketable
title free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, mortgages, pledges, charges,
defaults or equitable interests to all of the properties and assets, real and
personal, tangible or intangible, which are reflected on the consolidated
balance sheet of MBFC as of December 31, 2002 or acquired after such date,
except (i) liens for taxes not yet due and payable or contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings, (ii) pledges to secure deposits and other liens
incurred in the ordinary course of business, (iii) such imperfections of
title, easements and encumbrances, if any, as do not interfere with the use
of the respective property as such property is used on the date hereof, (iv)
for dispositions of or encumbrances on such properties or assets in the
ordinary course of business or (v) mechanics\', materialmen\'s, workmen\'s,
repairmen\'s, warehousemen\'s, carrier\'s and other similar liens
and encumbrances arising in the ordinary course of business. All leases
pursuant to which MBFC, as lessee, leases real or personal property are valid
and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and MBFC is not,
nor, to the knowledge of MBFC, is any other party thereto, in default
thereunder.   4.23 Reorganization. As of the date hereof, MBFC has no reason
to believe that the Merger will fail to qualify as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Code.   4.24 State Takeover Laws and Charter
Provisions. MBFC has taken all necessary action to exempt the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement from any restrictive provision of (i) any
applicable moratorium, control share, fair price, business combination, or
other anti-takeover laws and regulations, or (ii) the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws of MBFC.   14    ARTICLE V  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF TSFG   Subject to Article III, TSFG hereby represents and
warrants to MBFC as follows:   5.1 Corporate Organization. (a) TSFG is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of South Carolina. TSFG has the corporate power and
authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified
to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets
owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary. TSFG
is duly registered as a bank holding company under the BHC Act. The Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws of TSFG, copies of which have previously been
made available to MBFC, are true and correct copies of such documents as in
effect as of the date hereof.  (b) Each Subsidiary of TSFG is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation or organization. Each Subsidiary of TSFG has the corporate
power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or
qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and
assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary.
The deposit accounts of each Subsidiary of TSFG that is a bank are insured by
the FDIC through the Bank Insurance Fund or the Savings Association Insurance
Fund to the fullest extent permitted by law, and all premiums and assessments
required in connection therewith have been paid when due.  (c) The minute
books of TSFG contain true and correct records of all meetings and other
corporate actions held or taken since December 31, 2000 of its stockholders
and Board of Directors (including committees of its Board of Directors).  
5.2 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of TSFG consists
of 100,000,000 shares of TSFG Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, no par value per share ("TSFG Preferred Stock"). As of the
date hereof, there were approximately 46,644,784 shares of TSFG Common Stock
and no shares of TSFG Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, and no shares
of TSFG Common Stock held in TSFG\'s treasury. All of the issued and
outstanding shares of TSFG Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly
issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with
no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof. The shares of TSFG
Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger will be duly authorized and
validly issued and, at the Effective Time, all such shares will be fully
paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability
attaching to the ownership thereof.   5.3 Authority; No Violation. (a) TSFG
has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by the Board of
Directors of TSFG, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of TSFG are
necessary to approve this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by TSFG and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
MBFC) this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of TSFG,
enforceable against TSFG in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement
may be limited by general principles of equity whether applied in a court of
law or a court of equity and by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights and remedies generally.  (b) Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by TSFG, nor the consummation by
TSFG of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by TSFG with any
of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any provision of the
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of TSFG, or the articles of incorporation
or bylaws or similar governing documents of any of its Subsidiaries or (ii)
assuming that the consents and approvals referred to in Section 5.4 are duly
obtained, (x) violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to TSFG or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, or (y) violate,
conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of  
15   any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with
notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result
in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under,
accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any
lien, pledge, security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the
respective properties or assets of TSFG or any of its Subsidiaries under, any
of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or
obligation to which TSFG or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which
they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or
affected.   5.4 Consents and Approvals. Except for (a) the filing of
applications and notices, as applicable, with the Federal Reserve Board under
the BHC Act, and approval of such applications and notices, (b) the filing
with the SEC and declaration of effectiveness of the S-4, (c) the filing of
the Articles of Merger with the North Carolina Secretary of State and the
South Carolina Secretary of State, (d) the filing of applications and
notices, as applicable, with the FDIC under the Bank Merger Act, Federal
Deposit Insurance Act and the rules and regulations of the FDIC, and approval
of such applications and notices, (e) the State Banking Approvals, (f) such
filings and approvals as are required to be made or obtained under the
securities or "Blue Sky" laws of various states in connection with the
issuance of the shares of TSFG Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, and
(g) approval of the listing of the TSFG Common Stock to be issued in the
Merger on the NASDAQ/NMS, no consents or approvals of or filings or
registrations with any Governmental Entity or with any third party are
required to be made by TSFG in connection with (1) the execution and delivery
by TSFG of this Agreement and (2) the consummation by TSFG of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby.   5.5 SEC Reports. TSFG has
previously made available to MBFC a true and correct copy of each (a) final
registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive proxy
statement filed since December 31, 2000 by TSFG with the SEC pursuant to the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act (the "TSFG Reports") and (b) communication
mailed by TSFG to its shareholders since December 31, 2000, and no such TSFG
Report (when filed and at their respective effective time, if applicable) or
communication (when mailed) contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except that
information as of a later date shall be deemed to modify information as of an
earlier date. TSFG has timely filed all TSFG Reports and other documents
required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
since December 31, 2000, and each such TSFG Report and other
documents complied in all material respects with the rules and regulations
applicable thereto when filed.   5.6 Regulatory Reports. TSFG has timely
filed all reports, registrations and statements, together with any amendments
required to be made with respect thereto, that it was required to file since
December 31, 2000 with the Regulatory Agencies and has paid all fees and
assessments due and payable in connection therewith. Except for normal
examinations conducted by a Regulatory Agency in the regular course of the
business of TSFG, no Regulatory Agency has initiated any proceeding or, to
the knowledge of TSFG, investigation into the business or operations of TSFG
since December 31, 2000. There is no unresolved violation or exception by any
Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement relating to any
examinations of TSFG.   5.7 Financial Statements. TSFG has previously made
available to MBFC (1) copies of the consolidated balance sheets of TSFG and
its Subsidiaries as of December 31 for the fiscal years 2002 and 2001 and the
related consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders\' equity
and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the fiscal years 2000 through
2002, inclusive, as reported in TSFG\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 filed with the SEC under the Exchange
Act, accompanied by the audit report of KPMG LLP, independent public
accountants with respect to TSFG, and (2) copies of unaudited consolidated
balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of earnings,
stockholders\' equity and cash flows of TSFG at and for the quarter ended
March 31, 2003, as reported in TSFG\'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for such
quarter filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act, and will make available  
16   on or before August 14, 2003 copies of unaudited consolidated balance
sheets and the related consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders\'
equity and cash flows of TSFG at and for the quarter ended June 30, 2003
(collectively, the "TSFG Financial Statements"). Subject, in the case of the
unaudited statements, to audit adjustments reasonable in nature and amount,
the TSFG Financial Statements fairly present the financial position of TSFG
as of the dates indicated therein, and when included in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will fairly present the results of the operations and
financial position of TSFG for the respective fiscal periods or as of the
respective dates therein set forth. Subject, in the case of the unaudited
statements, to audit adjustments reasonable in nature and amount, each of the
TSFG Financial Statements (including the related notes, where applicable)
complies, and TSFG\'s Financial Statements to be included in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus after the date hereof will comply, with applicable
accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the
SEC with respect thereto; and each of such statements (including the related
notes, where applicable) has been, and TSFG\'s Financial Statements to be
included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be, prepared in accordance
with GAAP, except as indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of
unaudited statements, as permitted by the SEC. The books and records of TSFG
have been, and are being, maintained in accordance with GAAP and any other
applicable legal and accounting requirements.   5.8 Broker\'s Fees. TSFG has
not employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s
fees, commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   5.9 Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in any TSFG Report filed with the SEC
prior to the date hereof, since December 31, 2002, there has been no change
or development or combination of changes or developments which, individually
or in the aggregate, has had a Material Adverse Effect on TSFG.   5.10
Legal Proceedings. (a) Except as disclosed in any TSFG Report, neither TSFG
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any and there are no pending or, to
TSFG\'s knowledge, threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or
other proceedings, claims, actions or governmental or regulatory
investigations of any nature against TSFG or any of its Subsidiaries or
challenging the validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.  (b) There is no injunction, order, judgment or decree
imposed upon TSFG, any of its Subsidiaries or the assets of TSFG or any of
its Subsidiaries.   5.11 TSFG Information. The information relating to TSFG
and its Subsidiaries to be contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and
the S-4, or in any other document filed with any other regulatory agency in
connection herewith, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. The
Proxy Statement/Prospectus (except for such portions thereof that relate to
MBFC) will comply with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. The S-4 will comply with the provisions of the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.   5.12 Compliance
with Applicable Law. TSFG and each of its Subsidiaries holds all licenses,
franchises, permits and authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of
their respective businesses under and pursuant to all, and have complied with
and are not in default in any respect under any, applicable law, statute,
order, rule, regulation, policy and/or guideline of any Governmental Entity
relating to TSFG or any of its Subsidiaries and neither TSFG nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received notice of any violations of any of the above.  
5.13 Ownership of MBFC Capital Stock. Except for TSFG\'s ownership
of approximately 41,666 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, neither TSFG nor
any of its affiliates or associates (as such terms are defined under the
Exchange Act)   17   (i) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, or
(ii) is a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the
purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of capital
stock of MBFC (other than Trust Account Shares).   5.14 Approvals. As of
the date hereof, TSFG knows of no fact or condition relating to TSFG that
would prevent all regulatory approvals required for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the Merger)
from being obtained.   5.15 Reorganization. As of the date hereof, TSFG has
no reason to believe that the Merger will fail to qualify as a reorganization
under Section 368(a) of the Code.   5.16 Taxes. TSFG has (i) duly and
timely filed (including applicable extensions granted without penalty) all
material Tax Returns required to be filed at or prior to the Effective Time,
and all such Tax Returns are true and correct, and (ii) paid in full or made
adequate provision in the financial statements of TSFG (in accordance with
GAAP) for all material Taxes shown to be due on such Tax Returns. As of the
date hereof (i) TSFG has not requested any extension of time within which to
file any Tax Returns in respect of any fiscal year which have not since been
filed and no request for waivers of the time to assess any Taxes are pending
or outstanding, and (ii) with respect to each taxable period of TSFG, the
federal and state income Tax Returns of TSFG have not been audited by the IRS
or appropriate state tax authorities.    ARTICLE VI  COVENANTS RELATING TO
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   6.1 Covenants of MBFC. During the period from the date
hereof and continuing until the Effective Time, except as expressly
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or with the prior written consent
of TSFG, MBFC shall carry on its business in the ordinary course consistent
with past practice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
except as set forth in Section 6.1 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule or as
otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or consented to in writing by TSFG,
MBFC shall not:  (a) except for regular quarterly dividends consistent with
past practice and regular dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, declare
or pay any dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of, any of
its capital stock;  (b) (i) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire (except
for the acquisition of Trust Account Shares and DPC Shares) any shares of the
capital stock of MBFC, or any securities convertible into or exercisable for
any shares of the capital stock of MBFC, (ii) split, combine or reclassify
any shares of its capital stock or issue or authorize or propose the issuance
of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
shares of its capital stock, or (iii) except pursuant to Rights referenced on
the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, issue, deliver or sell, or authorize or propose
the issuance, delivery or sale of, any shares of its capital stock or any
securities convertible into or exercisable for, or any rights, warrants or
options to acquire, any such shares, or enter into any agreement with respect
to any of the foregoing (including additional Rights similar to those set
forth on the MBFC Disclosure Schedule;  (c) amend its Articles of
Incorporation, Bylaws or other similar governing documents;  (d) make any
capital expenditures other than those which (i) are made in the ordinary
course of business or are necessary to maintain existing assets in good
repair and (ii) in any event are in an amount of no more than $100,000 in the
aggregate;  (e) enter into any new line of business;  (f) acquire or agree
to acquire, by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial
equity interest in or a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other
manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, association or other
business organization or division thereof or otherwise acquire any assets,
other than in connection with foreclosures, settlements in lieu of
foreclosure or troubled loan or debt restructurings or in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices;   18    (g) take any action
that is intended or may reasonably be expected to result in any of its
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming
untrue, or in any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VIII
not being satisfied;  (h) change its methods of accounting in effect at
December 31, 2002, except as required by changes in GAAP or regulatory
accounting principles as concurred to by MBFC\'s independent auditors;  (i)
(i) except as required by applicable law, as set forth in Section 7.8, or as
required to maintain qualification pursuant to the Code, adopt, amend,
or terminate any employee benefit plan (including, without limitation, any
Plan) or any agreement, arrangement, plan or policy between MBFC or one or
more of its current or former directors, officers or employees or any
"affiliate" of any such person (as such term is used in Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act), or (ii) except for normal increases in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice or except as required by applicable
law, increase in any manner the compensation or fringe benefits of any
director, officer or employee or pay any benefit not required by any Plan or
agreement as in effect as of the date hereof (including, without limitation,
the granting of any stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units or performance units or shares);  (j) other
than activities in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, sell, lease, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, or agree to
sell, lease, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, any of its material
assets, properties or other rights or agreements;  (k) other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as
an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other
individual, corporation or other entity;  (l) file any application to
relocate or terminate the operations of any of its banking offices;  (m)
create, renew, amend or terminate or give notice of a proposed
renewal, amendment or termination of, any contract, agreement or lease for
goods, services or office space, involving payments thereunder by MBFC in
excess of $100,000 per year, to which MBFC is a party or by which MBFC or its
properties is bound, other than the renewal in the ordinary course of
business of any lease the term of which expires prior to the Closing Date; 
(n) take or cause to be taken any action which would or could reasonably
be expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Code; or  (o) agree to do any of the foregoing.  
6.2 Covenants of TSFG. Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or
consented to in writing by MBFC, TSFG shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to:  (a) except for regular quarterly dividends
consistent with past practice, declare or pay any dividends on or make any
other distributions in respect of any of its capital stock;  (b) take any
action that is intended or may reasonably be expected to result in any of its
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming
untrue, or in any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VIII
not being satisfied;  (c) take any action or enter into any agreement that
could reasonably be expected to jeopardize or materially delay the receipt of
any Requisite Regulatory Approval (as defined in Section 8.1(c));  (d) take
or cause to be taken any action which would or could reasonably be expected
to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Code;  (f) sell or otherwise dispose of any business
segment; or  (g) agree to do any of the foregoing.   ARTICLE VII 
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   7.1 Regulatory Matters. TSFG, with the cooperation
of MBFC, shall promptly prepare and file with the SEC the S-4. Each of MBFC
and TSFG shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the S-4 declared
effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such
filing, and MBFC shall thereafter mail the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to its
stockholders. TSFG shall also use its   19   reasonable best efforts to
obtain all necessary state securities law or "Blue Sky" permits and approvals
required to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  (b)
The parties hereto shall cooperate with each other and use their reasonable
best efforts to promptly prepare and file all necessary documentation, to
effect all applications, notices, petitions and filings, and to obtain as
promptly as practicable all permits, consents, approvals and authorizations
of all third parties and Governmental Entities which are necessary or
advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(including without limitation the Merger). MBFC and TSFG shall have the right
to review in advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult the
other on, in each case subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of
information, all the information relating to MBFC or TSFG, as the case
may be, and any of TSFG\'s Subsidiaries, which appears in any filing made
with, or written materials submitted to, any third party or any Governmental
Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In
exercising the foregoing right, each of the parties hereto shall act
reasonably and as promptly as practicable. The parties hereto agree that they
will consult with each other with respect to the obtaining of all permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental
Entities necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each party will keep the other apprised of the status
of matters relating to completion of the transactions contemplated herein. 
(c) TSFG and MBFC shall, upon request, furnish each other with
all information concerning themselves, their Subsidiaries, directors,
officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably
necessary or advisable in connection with the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the
S-4 or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on
behalf of TSFG, MBFC or their Subsidiaries to any Governmental Entity in
connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.  (d) TSFG and MBFC shall promptly furnish each other with copies
of written communications received by TSFG or MBFC, as the case may be, or
any of their respective Affiliates or Associates (as such terms are defined
in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) from,
or delivered by any of the foregoing to, any Governmental Entity in respect
of the transactions contemplated hereby.   7.2 Access to Information. (a)
MBFC and TSFG will each keep the other advised of all material developments
relevant to their respective businesses, and to the consummation of the
Merger, and each shall provide to the other, upon request, reasonable details
of any such development. Upon reasonable notice, each party shall afford to
representatives of the other party reasonable access, during normal business
hours during the period prior to the Effective Time, to all of their
respective properties, books, contracts, commitments and records, and during
such period, shall make available all information concerning their respective
businesses as may be reasonably requested (except that the parties shall take
into account in determining the reasonableness of due diligence requests and
the fact that TSFG is a public company which is substantially larger than
MBFC). The other provisions of this Section notwithstanding, neither party
nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or
to disclose information where such access or disclosure would violate or
prejudice the rights of its customers, jeopardize any attorney-client
privilege or contravene any law (including without limitation laws regarding
exchange of information), rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree,
fiduciary duty or binding agreement entered into prior to the date hereof. 
(b) All non-public information furnished to TSFG or MBFC by the other
party hereto pursuant to Section 7.2(a) (other than (i) information already
in the receiving party\'s possession, or (ii) information that is or becomes
generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by
the receiving party or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or
advisors, or (iii) information that becomes available to the receiving party
on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the disclosing party or
its advisors, provided that such source is not known by the receiving party
after due inquiry to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other
obligation of secrecy to the disclosing party) shall be kept confidential,
and the parties shall maintain, and shall cause each of their respective
directors, officers, attorneys and advisors to maintain, the confidentiality
of all information obtained hereunder which is not otherwise publicly
disclosed by the other party, said undertakings with respect to
confidentiality to survive any termination of this Agreement. In the event of
the termination of this Agreement, each party shall return to the other party
upon request all confidential information previously furnished in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   20    (c) No
investigation by either of the parties or their respective representatives
shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
other set forth herein.   7.3 Certain Actions. (a) Except with respect to
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, neither MBFC nor any
of its directors, officers, agents, affiliates (as such term is used in Rule
12b-2 under the Exchange Act) or representatives (collectively,
"Representatives") shall, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit,
encourage or knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing
information) any inquiries with respect to or the making of any Acquisition
Proposal.  (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, MBFC and its
Board of Directors and Representatives shall be permitted (i) to comply with
Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act with regard to
an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) to engage in any discussions or negotiations
with, or provide any information to, any person in response to an unsolicited
written Acquisition Proposal by any such person, if and only to the extent
that (a) MBFC\'s Board of Directors concludes in good faith and consistent
with its fiduciary duties to MBFC\'s stockholders under applicable law that
such Acquisition Proposal would reasonably be expected to result in a
Superior Proposal, (b) prior to providing any information or data to any
person in connection with such Acquisition Proposal by any such person,
MBFC\'s Board of Directors receives from such person an executed
confidentiality agreement, and (c) prior to providing any information or data
to any person or entering into discussions or negotiations with any person,
MBFC\'s Board of Directors notifies TSFG promptly of any inquiries,
proposals, or offers respecting such Acquisition Proposal received by, any
such information requested from, or any such discussions or
negotiations sought to be initiated or continued with, any of its
Representatives indicating, in connection with such notice, the name of such
person and the material terms and conditions of any inquiries, proposals or
offers respecting such Acquisition Proposal.  (c) MBFC agrees that it will,
and will cause its Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any activities, discussions, or negotiations existing as of the
date hereof with any parties conducted heretofore with respect to any
Acquisition Proposal.   7.4 Stockholder Meeting. MBFC shall take all steps
necessary to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its
stockholders to be held as soon as is reasonably practicable after the date
on which the S-4 becomes effective for the purpose of (1) voting upon the
approval of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and (2) amending its articles of incorporation to provide
that the Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into the Per Preferred
Share Merger Consideration as provided herein. MBFC shall, through its Board
of Directors, subject to the fiduciary duties of such board (including those
with respect to a Superior Proposal), recommend to its stockholders approval
of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and such other
matters as may be submitted to its stockholders in connection with this
Agreement.   7.5 Legal Conditions to Merger. Each of TSFG and MBFC shall,
and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use their reasonable best efforts (a) to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper or advisable to
comply promptly with all legal requirements which may be imposed on such
party or its Subsidiaries with respect to the Merger and, subject to the
conditions set forth in Article VIII hereof, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (b) to obtain (and to cooperate with the
other party to obtain) any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or
any exemption by, any Governmental Entity and any other third party which is
required to be obtained by MBFC or TSFG in connection with the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to comply with the
terms and conditions of such consent, authorization, order or approval.  
7.6 Affiliates. MBFC shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause
each director, executive officer and other person who is an "affiliate" (for
purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act) of MBFC to deliver to TSFG, as
soon as practicable after the date hereof, a written agreement, in the form
of Exhibit A hereto.   7.7 Nasdaq Listing. TSFG shall use its best efforts
to cause the shares of TSFG Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be
approved for listing on the NASDAQ/NMS as of the Effective Time.   21   
7.8 Employee Benefit Plans; Existing Agreements. (a) As of the
Effective Time, the employees of MBFC shall be eligible to participate in
employee benefit plans and severance plans of TSFG or its Subsidiaries in
which similarly situated employees of TSFG or its Subsidiaries participate,
to the same extent that similarly situated employees of TSFG or its
Subsidiaries participate (it being understood that inclusion of MBFC\'s
employees in TSFG\'s employee benefit plans may occur at different times with
respect to different plans).  (b) With respect to each TSFG Plan for which
length of service is taken into account for any purpose (including TSFG\'s
severance plan), service with MBFC (or predecessor employers to the extent
MBFC provides past service credit) shall be treated as service with TSFG for
purposes of determining eligibility to participate, vesting, and entitlement
to benefits, including for severance benefits and vacation entitlement (but
not for accrual of defined benefit pension benefits); provided however, that
such service shall not be recognized to the extent that such recognition
would result in a duplication of benefits. Such service also shall apply for
purposes of satisfying any waiting periods, evidence of insurability
requirements, or the application of any preexisting condition limitations.
Each TSFG Plan shall waive pre-existing condition limitations to the same
extent waived under the applicable MBFC Plan. MBFC\'s employees shall be
given credit for amounts paid under a corresponding benefit plan during the
same period for purposes of applying deductibles, co-payments and out-of-
pocket maximums as though such amounts had been paid in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the TSFG Plan.  (c) As of the Effective Time, TSFG
shall assume and honor and shall cause the appropriate Subsidiaries of TSFG
to assume and to honor in accordance with their terms all written agreements
listed in Section 4.13(a) of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule (the "Benefit
Agreements"). TSFG acknowledges and agrees that the Merger will constitute a
merger, sale or a change in control of MBFC for all purposes under such
agreements. The provisions of this Section 7.8(c) are intended to be for the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each director, officer or employee
that is a party to any Benefit Agreement.   7.9 Indemnification of MBFC
Directors and Officers. TSFG or a TSFG Subsidiary shall provide and keep in
force for a period of six years after the Effective Time directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance providing coverage to directors and officers
of MBFC for acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time. Such
insurance shall provide at least the same coverage and amounts as contained
in MBFC\'s policy on the date hereof; provided, that in no event shall the
annual premium on such policy exceed 200% of the annual premium payments on
MBFC\'s policy in effect as of March 31, 2003 (the "Maximum Amount"). If the
amount of the premiums necessary to maintain or procure such
insurance coverage exceeds the Maximum Amount, TSFG shall use its reasonable
best efforts to maintain the most advantageous policies of directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance obtainable for a premium equal to the Maximum
Amount and MBFC shall cooperate with TSFG in such efforts in all reasonable
respects. Notwithstanding the foregoing, TSFG further agrees to indemnify all
individuals who are or have been officers, directors or employees of MBFC
prior to the Effective Time from any acts or omissions in such capacities
prior to the Effective Time, to the extent that such indemnification is
provided pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of MBFC on the
date hereof and is permitted under the NCBCA and SCBCA.   7.10 Additional
Agreements. In case at any time after the Effective Time any further action
is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to
vest the Surviving Corporation with full title to all properties, assets,
rights, approvals, immunities and franchises of any of the parties to the
Merger, the proper officers and directors of each party to this Agreement
shall take all such necessary action as may be reasonably requested by TSFG
or MBFC.   7.11 Appointment of Director. Effective as of the Effective Time,
TSFG shall cause its Board of Directors to be expanded by one member, and
shall appoint J.W. Davis (the "MBFC Director") to fill the vacancy created by
such increase.   7.12 MountainBank Board. For at least three years
following Closing, TSFG shall cause each individual who is currently serving
as a director of MBFC (other than the MBFC Director) and such other persons
listed on Section 7.12 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule, if such persons are
willing to so serve, to be elected or appointed as members of MountainBank\'s
board of directors (and in the   22   event that MountainBank is merged
into another TSFG banking subsidiary, to be elected or appointed as members
of either the corporate board or the North Carolina state advisory board of
that banking subsidiary). For such service, each member of the MountainBank
Board shall receive (1) at Closing (which shall be deemed the date of grant)
an option to purchase 6,000 shares of TSFG common stock in accordance with
TSFG\'s existing Director Stock Option Plan, and (2) regular director\'s fees
for Board service consistent with TSFG compensation policy in effect from
time to time with respect to its South Carolina and Florida bank boards
except that such persons will not be entitled to receive option or restricted
stock grants.   7.13 Headquarters. For at least two years following the
Closing Date, TSFG shall cause MountainBank\'s headquarters (or the
headquarters of TSFG\'s North Carolina operations) to be maintained in
Hendersonville, North Carolina.   7.14 Accounting Matters. MBFC shall
cooperate with TSFG concerning (i) accounting and financial matters necessary
or appropriate to facilitate the Merger (taking into account TSFG\'s
policies, practices and procedures), including, without limitation, issues
arising in connection with record keeping, loan classification, valuation
adjustments, levels of loan loss reserves and other accounting practices, and
(ii) MBFC\'s lending, investment or asset/liability management policies;
provided, that any action taken pursuant to this Section 7.14 shall not be
deemed to constitute or result in the breach of any representation or
warranty of MBFC contained in this Agreement.   7.15 Employment Agreements.
At Closing, TSFG shall offer an employment contract to the individual listed
in Section 7.15 of the MBFC Disclosure Schedule substantially in the form
provided by TSFG to MBFC on the date hereof. TFSG shall assume and honor and
shall cause the appropriate Subsidiaries of TFSG to assume and honor in
accordance with their terms all written agreements listed on Section 7.15 of
the MBFC Disclosure Schedule.   7.16 Tax Opinion. TSFG and MBFC shall use
their respective reasonable best efforts to obtain the tax opinion
contemplated by Section 8.1(g).   7.17 Exemption from Section 16. Prior to
the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of TSFG, or an appropriate
committee of non-employee directors thereof, shall adopt a resolution
consistent with the interpretive guidance of the SEC so that the acquisition
by any officer or director of MBFC who may become a covered person of TSFG
for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder ("Section 16") of TSFG Common Stock or options to acquire TSFG
Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement and the Merger shall be an exempt
transaction for purposes of Section 16.    ARTICLE VIII  CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT   8.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation To Effect the Merger.
The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject
to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following
conditions:  (a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement shall have been
approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the holders of the outstanding
shares of MBFC Capital Stock under applicable law.  (b) Listing of Shares.
The shares of TSFG Common Stock which shall be issued to the stockholders of
MBFC upon consummation of the Merger shall have been authorized for listing
on the NASDAQ/NMS.  (c) Other Approvals. All regulatory approvals required to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger) shall
have been obtained and shall remain in full force and effect and all
statutory waiting periods in   23   respect thereof shall have expired
(all such approvals and the expiration of all such waiting periods being
referred to herein as the "Requisite Regulatory Approvals").  (d) S-4. The
S-4 shall have become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the S-4 shall have been issued and no
proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by
the SEC.  (e) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No order, injunction
or decree issued by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction or other
legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger
(an "Injunction") shall be in effect. No statute, rule, regulation,
order, injunction or decree shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
enforced by any Governmental Entity which prohibits, restricts or makes
illegal consummation of the Merger.  (f) Employment Agreements. TSFG shall
have entered into the employment and noncompetition agreement referenced in
Section 7.15.  (g) Federal Tax Opinion. TSFG and MBFC shall have received a
written opinion from Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz, counsel to MBFC
("MBFC\'s counsel"), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to TSFG
and MBFC, dated the Effective Time, substantially to the effect that on the
basis of facts, representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion
which are consistent with the state of facts existing at the Effective Time,
the Merger will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, MBFC\'s Counsel may require
and rely upon representations and covenants, including those contained in
certificates of officers of TSFG, MBFC and others, reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to such counsel.   8.2 Conditions to Obligations of TSFG.
The obligation of TSFG to effect the Merger is also subject to the
satisfaction or waiver by TSFG at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:  (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) Subject to
Section 3.2, the representations and warranties of MBFC set forth in this
Agreement (other than those set forth in Section 4.2) shall be true and
correct as of the date hereof and (except to the extent such representations
and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though
made on and as of the Closing Date; and (ii) the representations and
warranties of MBFC set forth in Section 4.2 of this Agreement shall be true
and correct in all material respects (without giving effect to Section 3.2 of
this Agreement) as of the date hereof and (except to the extent such
representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing
Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date. TSFG shall have received a
certificate signed on behalf of MBFC by the Chief Executive Officer or the
Chief Financial Officer of MBFC to the foregoing effect.  (b) Performance of
Obligations of MBFC. MBFC shall have performed in all material respects all
obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date, and TSFG shall have received a certificate signed on
behalf of MBFC by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer
of MBFC to such effect.  (c) No Pending Governmental Actions. No proceeding
initiated by any Governmental Entity seeking an Injunction shall be
pending.   8.3 Conditions to Obligations of MBFC. The obligation of MBFC to
effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by MBFC at or
prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:  (a)
Representations and Warranties. (i) Subject to Section 3.2,
the representations and warranties of TSFG set forth in this Agreement (other
than those set forth in Section 5.2) shall be true and correct as of the date
hereof and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as
of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the
Closing Date; and (ii) the representations and warranties of TSFG set forth
in Section 5.2 of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects (without giving effect to Section 3.2 of this Agreement) as of the
date hereof and (except to the extent such representations and warranties
speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as
of the Closing Date. MBFC shall have received a certificate signed on behalf
of TSFG by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of TSFG
to the foregoing effect.  (b) Performance of Obligations of TSFG. TSFG shall
have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under this   24   Agreement at or prior to the Closing
Date, and MBFC shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of TSFG by
the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of TSFG to such
effect.  (c) No Pending Governmental Actions. No proceeding initiated by
any Governmental Entity seeking an Injunction shall be pending.    ARTICLE
IX  TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   9.1 Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of MBFC:  (a) by mutual consent of MBFC and TSFG in a written
instrument, if the Board of Directors of each so determines by a vote of a
majority of the members of its entire Board;  (b) by either TSFG or MBFC
upon written notice to the other party (i) 30 days after the date on which
any request or application for a Requisite Regulatory Approval shall have
been denied or withdrawn at the request or recommendation of the Governmental
Entity which must grant such Requisite Regulatory Approval, unless within the
30-day period following such denial or withdrawal a petition for rehearing or
an amended application has been filed with the applicable Governmental
Entity, provided, however, that no party shall have the right to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(b)(i) if such denial or request
or recommendation for withdrawal shall be due to the failure of the party
seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform or observe the covenants and
agreements of such party set forth herein or (ii) if any Governmental Entity
of competent jurisdiction shall have issued a final nonappealable order
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger;  (c) by either TSFG or MBFC if
the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before the later of (i)
October 31, 2003, or (ii) if the S-4 is given a full review by the SEC,
December 31, 2003, unless the failure of the Closing to occur by such date
shall be due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement
to perform or observe the covenants and agreements of such party set forth
herein;  (d) by either TSFG or MBFC if the approval of the stockholders of
MBFC required for the consummation of the Merger shall not have been obtained
by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at a duly held meeting
of such stockholders or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;  (e) by
either TSFG or MBFC (provided that the terminating party is not then in
material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other
agreement contained herein) if there shall have been a material breach of any
of the representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement on the part
of the other party, which breach is not cured within 30 days following
written notice to the party committing such breach, or which breach, by its
nature, cannot be cured prior to the Closing; provided, however, that neither
party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 9.1(e) unless the breach of representation or warranty, together with
all other such breaches, would entitle the party receiving such
representation not to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby under
Section 8.2(a) (in the case of a breach of representation or warranty by
MBFC) or Section 8.3(a) (in the case of a breach of representation or
warranty by TSFG);  (f) by either TSFG or MBFC (provided that the terminating
party is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant or other agreement contained herein) if there shall have been a
material breach of any of the covenants or agreements set forth in this
Agreement on the part of the other party, which breach shall not have been
cured within 30 days following receipt by the breaching party of written
notice of such breach from the other party hereto, or which breach, by its
nature, cannot be cured prior to the Closing;  (g) by MBFC, in the event that
the Board of Directors of MBFC determines in good faith, after consultation
with outside counsel, that in light of a Superior Proposal it is necessary to
terminate this Agreement in order to comply with its fiduciary duties to MBFC
and to MBFC\'s shareholders under applicable law; provided, however, that the
Board of Directors of MBFC may terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 9.1(g) solely in order to concurrently enter into a letter of intent,
agreement in principle or an acquisition agreement or other similar agreement
related to a Superior Proposal; provided further, however, that this
Agreement may be terminated pursuant to this Section 9.1(g)   25   only
after the fifth day following TSFG\'s receipt of written notice advising TSFG
that the Board of Directors of MBFC is prepared to accept a
Superior Proposal, and only if, during such five-day period, if TSFG so
elects, MBFC and its advisors shall have negotiated in good faith with TSFG
to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement as
would enable MBFC to proceed with the transactions contemplated herein on
such adjusted terms;  (h) by either party if, during the ten business days
following the determination of Fair Market Value, the Ten Trading Average is
less than $17.00, provided that such termination shall not be available,
however, if TSFG agrees to value the TSFG common stock for merger
consideration purposes at the Ten Trading Day Average; or  (i) by either
party, if during the ten business days following the determination of Fair
Market Value, the Ten Trading Average is greater than $29.00, provided that
such termination shall not be available, however, if MBFC agrees to value the
TSFG common stock for merger consideration purposes at the Ten Trading Day
Average.   9.2 Effect of Termination.  (a) In the event of termination of
this Agreement by either TSFG or MBFC as provided in Section 9.1, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect except (i) Sections
7.2(b), 9.2 and 10.3 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and (ii)
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement,
no party shall be relieved or released from any liabilities or damages
arising out of its willful breach of any provision of this Agreement.  (b) If
MBFC terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(g), MBFC shall pay to
TSFG a termination fee equal to $4 million (the "Termination Fee Amount") by
wire transfer of same day funds on the date of termination.  (c) In the event
that an Acquisition Proposal with respect to MBFC shall have been made known
to MBFC and shall have been publicly announced or otherwise become public, or
shall have been made to the shareholders of MBFC, and thereafter (x) this
Agreement is terminated by either TSFG or MBFC pursuant to either (i) Section
9.1(c) hereof and prior to such termination the stockholders of MBFC shall
not have previously approved the Merger, or (ii) Section 9.1(d) hereof as a
result of the failure of the stockholders of MBFC to approve the Merger, and
(y) within twelve months of such termination (A) MBFC consummates
a transaction described in clause (i)(a) or clause (i)(b) of the definition
of "Superior Proposal.," other than any such transaction involving a
merger, consolidation or similar transaction as to which the common
stockholders of MBFC immediately prior thereto own in the aggregate more than
50% of the common stock of the surviving or transferee corporation or its
publicly-held parent corporation immediately following consummation thereof,
or (B) any person shall acquire beneficial ownership of or the right to
acquire 50% or more of the outstanding shares of MBFC Common Stock, then upon
the first occurrence of either of the events contemplated by clause (y) MBFC
shall pay TSFG a termination fee equal to the Termination Fee Amount by wire
transfer of same day funds.  (d) MBFC agrees that the agreements contained
in Section 9.2(b) and 9.2(c) are integral parts of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and constitute liquidated damages and not a
penalty.   9.3 Amendment. Subject to compliance with applicable law, this
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized
by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after approval
of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of
either MBFC or TSFG; provided, however, that after any approval of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by MBFC\'s stockholders, there
may not be, without further approval of such stockholders, any amendment of
this Agreement which reduces the amount or changes the form of the
consideration to be delivered to MBFC stockholders hereunder other than as
contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended except by
an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.  
9.4 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, each of
the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by its Board of Directors,
may, to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the performance
of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party hereto, (b) waive
any   26   inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the
other party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and
(c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions of the other
party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any
such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written
instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such extension or waiver or
failure to insist on strict compliance with an obligation, covenant,
agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with
respect to, any subsequent or other failure.    ARTICLE X  GENERAL
PROVISIONS   10.1 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take place at 10:00
a.m. on the first business day after all conditions set forth in Article VIII
have either been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions which
relate to actions to be taken at the Closing) (the "Closing Date") at TSFG\'s
principal executive offices, unless another time, date or place is agreed to
in writing by the parties hereto; provided, however, that the Closing Date
shall not be prior to October 3, 2003.   10.2 Nonsurvival of
Representations, Warranties and Agreements. None of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time, except
for those covenants and agreements contained herein and therein which by
their terms apply in whole or in part after the Effective Time provided that
no such representations, warranties or covenants shall be deemed to
be terminated or extinguished so as to deprive TSFG or MBFC (or any
director, officer or controlling person thereof) of any defense at law or in
equity which otherwise would be available against the claims of any third
party, including, without limitation, any shareholder or former shareholder
of either TSFG or MBFC.   10.3 Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.   10.4 Notices. All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied, mailed by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier
to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a
party as shall be specified by like notice):   (a) if to TSFG, to:   The
South Financial Group, Inc.  104 S. Main St.  Greenville, SC 29601 
Attention: William P. Crawford, Jr.,  Executive Vice President   and  
(b) if to MBFC, to:   MountainBank Financial Corporation  201 Wren Drive 
Hendersonville, NC 28792  Attention: J. W. Davis, Chief Executive
Officer    27    with a copy to:   Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz  51
W. 52nd Street  New York, New York 10019  Attention: Richard K. Kim,
Esq.   10.5 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not
sign the same counterpart.   10.6 Entire Agreement. This Agreement
(including the documents and the instruments referred to herein) constitutes
the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof.   10.7 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of South Carolina, without regard to
any applicable conflicts of law, except to the extent that various matters
under this Agreement must be necessarily governed by North Carolina corporate
law.   10.8 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability
without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions
of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the
terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any
provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision
shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.   10.9
Publicity. Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or otherwise
required by law or the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market so long as this
Agreement is in effect, neither TSFG nor MBFC shall, or shall permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, issue or cause the publication of any press release
or other public announcement with respect to, or otherwise make any
public statement concerning, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
without the consent of the other party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.   10.10 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by
operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other
parties. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their
respective successors and assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, this Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to
herein) is not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties
hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.     28    IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
TSFG and MBFC have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.   
THE SOUTH FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.    By: William S. Hummers III 
-------------------------------  Name: William S. Hummers III  Title:
Executive Vice President      MOUNTAINBANK FINANCIAL CORPORATION   
By: J. W. Davis  -----------------------------  Name: J. W. Davis  Title:
Chief Executive Officer        29    EXHIBIT
A  _________________, 2003   The South Financial Group, Inc. 104 S. Main
Street Greenville, South Carolina 29601  Gentlemen:   I have been advised
that I might be considered to be an "affiliate" of MountainBank Financial
Corporation, a North Carolina corporation (the "Company"), for purposes of
paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Act").   The South Financial Group, Inc., a South Carolina corporation
("TSFG") and the Company have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of May ___, 2003 (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which, among
other things, the Company will merge with and into TSFG (the "Transaction").
Upon consummation of the Transaction, I will receive shares of common stock,
$1.00 par value per share, of TSFG ("TSFG Common Stock"). This agreement is
hereinafter referred to as the "Letter Agreement."  A. I represent and
warrant to, and agree with, TSFG as follows:   1. I have read this Letter
Agreement and the Merger Agreement and have discussed their requirements and
other applicable limitations upon my ability to sell, pledge, transfer or
otherwise dispose of shares of TSFG Common Stock, to the extent I felt
necessary, with my counsel or counsel for the Company.   2. I shall not
make any offer, sale, pledge, transfer or other disposition in violation of
the Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder of the shares of
TSFG Common Stock I receive pursuant to the Transaction.  B. I understand
and agree that:   1. I have been advised that any issuance of shares of
TSFG Common Stock to me pursuant to the Transaction will be registered with
the SEC. I have also been advised, however, that, because I maybe an
"affiliate" of the Company at the time the Transaction will be submitted for
a vote of the stockholders of the Company and my disposition of such shares
has not been registered under the Act, I must hold such shares indefinitely
unless (i) such disposition of such shares is subject to an effective
registration statement and to the availability of a prospectus under the Act,
(ii) a sale of such shares is made in conformity with the provisions of Rule
145(d) under the Act or (iii) in an opinion of counsel, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to TSFG, some other exemption from registration is
available with respect to any such proposed disposition of such shares.  
2. Stop transfer instructions will be given to the transfer agent of TSFG
with respect to the shares of TSFG Common Stock I receive pursuant to the
Transaction in connection with the restrictions set forth herein, and there
will be placed on the certificate representing shares of TSFG Common Stock I
receive pursuant to the Transaction, or any certificates delivered
in substitution therefor, a legend stating in substance:  "The shares
represented by this certificate were issued in a transaction to which Rule
145 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), applies and may
only be sold or otherwise transferred in compliance with the requirements of
Rule 145 or pursuant to a registration statement under the Act or an
exemption from such registration."   30    3. Unless a transfer of my
shares of TSFG Common Stock is a sale made in conformity with the provisions
of Rule 145(d), or made pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Act, TSFG reserves the right to put an appropriate legend on the
certificates issued to my transferee.   4. I recognize and agree that the
foregoing provisions also apply to (i) my spouse, (ii) any relative of mine
or my spouse occupying my home, (iii) any trust or estate in which I, my
spouse or any such relative owns at least 10% beneficial interest or of which
any of us serves as trustee, executor or in any similar capacity and (iv) any
corporation or other organization in which I, my spouse or any such relative
owns at least 10% of any class of equity securities or of the equity
interest.   5. I agree that at the time that I make an offer to
or otherwise sell, pledge transfer or dispose of any TSFG Common Stock that I
own after the Transaction, I will notify my broker, dealer or nominee in
whose name my shares are held or registered that such TSFG Common Stock is
subject to this Letter Agreement.   6. Execution of this Letter Agreement
should not be construed as an admission on my part that I am an "affiliate"
of the Company as described in the first paragraph of this letter or as a
waiver of any rights I may have to object to any claim that I am such an
affiliate on or after the date of this letter.   It is understood and
agreed that this Letter Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force
and effect if the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its
terms. It is also understood and agreed that this Letter Agreement shall
terminate and be of no further force and effect and the stop transfer
instructions set forth in Paragraph B.2. above shall be lifted and the legend
set forth in Paragraph B.2 above shall be removed forthwith from
the certificate or certificates representing my shares of TSFG Common Stock
upon the delivery by the undersigned to TSFG of a copy of a letter from the
staff of the SEC, an opinion of counsel in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to TSFG, or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to TSFG, to
the effect that a transfer of my shares of TSFG Common Stock will not violate
the Act or any of the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.    This
Letter Agreement shall be binding on my heirs, legal representative and
successors.   Very truly yours,    -------------------------------- 
Name:   Accepted this_____ day of____________ , 2003  The South Financial
Group, Inc.  By_____________________________ Name: Title:      
31   [Schedules are omitted but will be provided upon request of Securities
and Exchange Commission]                    
i       '

