 AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGMENT   EXHIBIT 2.2   
AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT   WITH RESPECT TO   STOCK PURCHASE
AGREEMENT    This AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT ("Agreement") is made and
entered  into as of August 16, 2001, by and among HCA Inc., a Delaware
corporation  formerly known as HCA - The Healthcare Company ("HCA"), VH
HOLDINGS, INC., a  Nevada corporation ("Holdings"), and FIRST HEALTH GROUP
CORP., a Delaware  corporation ("Purchaser"), relating to that certain Stock
Purchase  Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2001, by and among HCA, Holdings
and  Purchaser (the "Stock Purchase Agreement"). HCA and Holdings are
hereinafter  referred to, together, as the "Sellers".   1. Amendment of
Delivery Requirements for Certain Certificates. The  parties agree that
Section 7.10 of the Stock Purchase Agreement is amended  by deleting the
words "more than twenty days prior to the Closing Date"  therein and
replacing such words with "earlier than June 25, 2001, provided  that Sellers
shall deliver a "bring-down" good standing certificate, dated  not earlier
than five (5) days before the Closing Date, from the Secretary  of State of
the state of incorporation of each of HCA, Holdings, CCN and PW  and, as to
HCA, the State of Tennessee."   2. Acknowledgement of Satisfaction of
Contract Delivery Requirements.  Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (i)
Sellers have satisfied the  obligations under Section 5.14 of the Stock
Purchase Agreement to deliver  certain contracts and agreements, and (ii)
that the "Contract Delivery  Amount" is and shall be zero.   3. New York
State Regulatory Approval. The parties acknowledge and  agree that:   (a)
the approval of the New York Department of Health to the change-  in-control
of CCN resulting from the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by
the Stock Purchase Agreement, in connection with CCN\'s  certification in the
State of New York to operate a workers\' compensation  preferred provider
organization (the "New York WCPPO Approval"), shall not  be a condition to
the closing of the transaction under or pursuant to  Section 7.6 or Section
8.6 of the Stock Purchase Agreement.   (b) the failure of Sellers to obtain
the New York WCPPO Approval shall  not be a breach of the Stock Purchase
Agreement by Sellers, or either of  them, under or pursuant to Article III,
Article IV, Section 5.1, or Section  6.2 of the Stock Purchase Agreement.  
4. Closing. In accordance with clause (iii) of Section 2.5 of the  Stock
Purchase Agreement, the parties hereby mutually agree that the Closing  shall
be deemed to occur at 11:59 p.m., Central Time, on August 16, 2001.  CCN\'s
and PW\'s business on August 16, 2001 shall be conducted in ordinary  course
and HCA shall transfer funds to CCN to cover disbursements made by  CCN and
PW on August 16, 2001.   5. Closing Date Balance Sheet Matters. The parties
agree that the  definitions of the following terms in the Stock Purchase
Agreement shall be  amended to the following:   (a) "Closing Date Balance
Sheet" shall mean the unaudited combined  balance sheet of the Company as of
July 31, 2001, prepared in accordance  with Section 2.3.   (b)
"Collections" shall mean the amount collected in respect of the  Closing Date
Receivables during the twelve month period following July 31,  2001. All
amounts collected that are not attributable to a specific invoice  shall be
applied on a first incurred, first paid basis.   6. Payment of Retention
Bonus Amounts. Except as provided for in  Section 7 hereof, CCN shall make
the bonus payments required under the  Retention Bonus Agreements as are
described in Section 2.4 of the Stock  Purchase Agreement (the "Bonus
Payments") on HCA\'s behalf on the date such  payment is due. HCA shall
reimburse CCN for 50% of all amounts paid within  five (5) business days from
the date each Bonus Payment is made. HCA shall  provide CCN with a schedule
of the Bonus Payments no later than five (5)  business days before such
payments are required to be made. All amounts  payable by HCA to CCN pursuant
to this Section 6 shall be made in  immediately available funds by electronic
wire transfer to an account  designated by the recipient.   7. Mastaler
Payments. The parties agree that HCA is the payment  agent for CCN for (i)
salary and wages payable to Richard Mastaler, (ii) the  Bonus Payment due to
Mr. Mastaler and (iii) any amounts payable to Mr.  Mastaler under CCN\'s
incentive compensation plan. ("Incentive  Compensation"). Accordingly, HCA
shall pay Richard Mastaler on or before  August 17, 2001 all amounts due Mr.
Mastaler in satisfaction of severance  obligations owed to Mr. Mastaler (the
"Severance Amount") by CCN, and HCA  shall pay Mr. Mastaler\'s Bonus Payment
and Incentive Compensation on the  date such payments are due. First Health
shall transfer the Severance Amount  to HCA on August 17, 2001. CCN shall
reimburse HCA for 50% of Mr. Mastaler\'s  Bonus Payment and 100% of his
Incentive Compensation within five (5)  business days from the date such
payments are made All amounts payable by  First Health or CCN to HCA pursuant
to this Section 7 shall be made in  immediately available funds by electronic
wire transfer to an account  designated by the recipient.   9. No Other
Changes; Certificates. Except as set forth herein, all  other terms and
conditions of the Stock Purchase Agreement shall remain in  full force and
effect. Any certificate delivered pursuant to Article VII or  Article VIII of
the Stock Purchase Agreement shall be read in conjunction  with the
provisions of this Amendment.   [The following page is the signature
page.]     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to
be  executed as of the date first above written.     HCA INC.    By:
/s/A. Bruce Moore, Jr.  ------------------------------------------------- 
Senior Vice President - Operations Administration     VH HOLDINGS,
INC.    By: /s/ A. Bruce Moore, Jr. 
-------------------------------------------------  President     FIRST
HEALTH GROUP CORP.    By: /s/Edward L. Wristen 
-------------------------------------------------  President and Chief
Operating Officer    '

