 EX-2.1 AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PURCHASE
AGREEMENT     Exhibit 2.1   AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PURCHASE
AGREEMENT   THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is made and entered into as of June 30, 2005, by and among
Ardent Health Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Seller"),
Ardent Health Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("AHS"), and Psychiatric
Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser").   RECITALS:  
WHEREAS, Seller, AHS and Purchaser (i) previously entered into a
Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of March 10, 2005 (as amended, the
"Original Agreement") and (ii) desire to amend and restate the Original
Agreement;   WHEREAS, Seller owns 100% of the AHS Shares (as defined
below);   WHEREAS, AHS owns 100% of the issued and outstanding equity
securities of each of the AHS Subsidiaries (as defined below);   WHEREAS,
prior to the consummation of the Seller Stock Sale (as defined below), AHS
will sell the stock of each of the Excluded Subsidiaries (as defined below)
to Seller pursuant to the Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction (as defined
below);   WHEREAS, at the Closing (as defined below), Purchaser wishes to
loan to AHS the Loan Amount (as defined below); and   WHEREAS, Seller
wishes to sell the AHS Shares to Purchaser, and Purchaser wishes to purchase
the AHS Shares from Seller (the "Seller Stock Sale") on the terms, subject to
the conditions and for the consideration set forth in this Agreement.  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the
mutual covenants and other agreements set forth herein, and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:   ARTICLE
I  DEFINITIONS   As used in this Agreement, the following defined terms
shall have the meanings indicated below and, where appropriate, shall include
the singular and plural of the term defined:   "Acquired Entities" shall
mean AHS and the AHS Subsidiaries.   "Acquired Entity Employee" shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.5.   "Acquisition Proposal" shall
mean any inquiries or proposals that constitute, or are likely to result in,
a proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, business combination, sale
of substantial assets, sale of shares of capital stock or other securities
(including by way of a tender offer) or similar transaction involving any of
the Acquired Entities.   "Affiliate" shall mean any Person that directly, or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by
or is under common control with the Person specified.     "Agreement"
shall mean this Amended and Restated Stock Purchase Agreement, including the
exhibits and schedules attached hereto.   "AHS" shall mean Ardent Health
Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation.   "AHS Shares" shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.2(b).   "AHS Subsidiaries" shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.3(a).   "AHS Subsidiary Shares"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.3(d).   "AMS" shall mean
Ardent Medical Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation.   "Applicable
Premium" means, with respect to an Untendered Note the excess of (i) the
present value at the Redemption Date of (A) the redemption price of such
Untendered Note at August 15, 2008 (105% of the principal value) plus (B) all
remaining required interest payments due on such Untendered Note
through August 15, 2008 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the
Redemption Date), computed using the Treasury Rate plus one-half of one
percent (0.50%), over (ii) the principal amount of such Untendered Note.  
"Applicable Tender Offer Premium" means, with respect to a
Senior Subordinated Note the excess of (i) the present value at the Closing
Date of (A) the redemption price of such Senior Subordinated Note at August
15, 2008 (105% of the principal value) plus (B) all remaining required
interest payments due on such Senior Subordinated Note through August 15,
2008 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the Closing Date), computed
using the Treasury Rate plus one-half of one percent (0.50%), over (ii) the
principal amount of such Senior Subordinated Note.   "Applications" shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.24.   "Bank Indebtedness" shall
mean the amount of indebtedness outstanding as of the Closing under the
Credit Agreement.   "Balance Sheet Date" shall mean December 31, 2004.  
"Bank Refinancing" shall mean the assignment by AHS of a portion of
the indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Agreement to AMS.   "BHC"
shall mean Behavioral Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation.  
"Books and Records" shall mean all existing accounting, business, marketing,
corporate, and other files, documents, instruments, papers, books
and records, including without limitation, financial statements, budgets,
ledgers, journals, deeds, titles, policies, manuals, organizational
documents, operating agreements, minute books, stock certificates and books,
stock transfer ledgers, contracts, franchises, permits, supplier lists,
reports, computer files and data, retrieval programs and operating data or
plans.   "Business Associate Agreements" shall have the meaning ascribed to
it in Section 3.22(c).   "Business Day" shall mean a day other than
Saturday, Sunday, or any day on which the principal commercial banks located
in the State of Tennessee or the State of New York are authorized or
obligated to close under the Laws of such states.   "Certificate of Need"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.24.   2     "Claim"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9.3.   "Closing" shall mean
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as
provided in Article II; provided that the Excluded Subsidiaries Sale
Transaction shall occur prior to the consummation of the Seller Stock
Sale.   "Closing Date" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
2.5.   "COBRA" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.12(i).  
"Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Commitment Letter"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4.9.   "Company" shall mean
the Acquired Entities on a consolidated basis.   "Company Financial
Statements" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.6.  
"Company Permits" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.17.  
"Company Plans" shall mean each "employee benefit plan" (within the meaning
of Section 3(3) of ERISA) and each stock purchase, stock option, other stock-
based, severance, change-in-control, disability, vacation, holiday,
sick leave, fringe benefit, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, welfare
and other employee benefit plan, program, policy or other arrangement; and
any employment (including severance and change of control) agreement; whether
or not subject to ERISA (including any funding mechanism therefor now in
effect or required in the future as a result of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or otherwise); whether formal or informal, oral or written;
under which any employee or former employee or director (or dependent or
beneficiary thereof) of any Acquired Entity or any employee of AHS Management
Company, Inc. listed on Schedule 6.5 has any present or future right to
benefits or which has been sponsored, contributed to or maintained by Seller,
any Acquired Entity or a Controlled Group Member during the past three (3)
years.   "Confidentiality Agreement" shall mean that certain
Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2004, between AHS and
Purchaser.   "Constituent Documents" shall mean the certificate of
formation, certificate of incorporation, articles of incorporation, bylaws,
articles of organization, operating agreement, limited liability company
agreement, partnership agreement, limited partnership agreement, minute books
and such other organizational or governance documents, as amended to the
relevant date, of a given entity.   "Contract" shall mean any agreement,
lease, sublease, license, sublicense, promissory note, evidence of
indebtedness, or other contract to which any of the Acquired Entities is a
party or by which assets of any of the Acquired Entities are bound.  
"Controlled Group Member" shall mean any entity (whether or not incorporated)
other than Seller and the Acquired Entities that, together with Seller and
Acquired Entities, is considered under common control and treated as one
employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.   "Court Order"
shall mean any judgment, order, award or decree of any federal, state, local
or other court or judicial or quasi-judicial tribunal and any award in any
binding arbitration proceeding.   3     "Covered Entities" shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.22(a).   "Credit Agreement" shall
mean that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2003, among AHS,
as borrower, the subsidiaries of Seller named guarantors therein, the lenders
party thereto and Citicorp North America, Inc., as Administrative Agent (as
successor to Bank One, NA), as amended.   "Damages" shall mean any and all
losses, damages, claims, costs, fines, fees, Taxes, penalties, interest
obligations and deficiencies (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and other expenses of litigation).   "Destruction Notice"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.3.   "Effective Time"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2.5.   "Environmental
Claim" means any claim, action, cause of action, investigation or notice by
any Person alleging potential liability (including potential liability for
investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental response costs, natural
resources damages, property damages, personal injuries, or penalties) arising
out of, based on or resulting from: (i) the presence or release or threat of
release into the environment of any Materials of Environmental Concern at any
location, whether or not owned or operated by any of the Acquired Entities;
or (ii) circumstances forming the basis of any violation or alleged violation
of any Environmental Law.   "Environmental Laws" means, as they exist on the
date of the Original Agreement and as of the Effective Time, all applicable
United States federal, state, local and non-U.S. Laws relating to pollution
or protection of the environment (including ambient air, surface water,
ground water, land surface or sub-surface strata), including laws and
regulations relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened
releases of Materials of Environmental Concern, or otherwise relating to the
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Materials of
Environmental Concern, including, but not limited to Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), 42 U.S.C.
Section 9601 et seq., Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"), 42
U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq., Toxic Substances Control Act ("TSCA"), 15 U.S.C.
Section 2601 et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq., the
Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et seq., each as may have been
amended or supplemented, and any applicable environmental transfer statutes
or laws.   "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
"Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Excluded
Assets" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2.2.   "Excluded
Liabilities" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2.2.  
"Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction" shall mean (i) the transfer of the
assets and liabilities set forth on Schedule 1(a) from AMS and
its subsidiaries to BHC, (ii) the transfer of the assets and liabilities set
forth on Schedule 1(b) from BHC and its subsidiaries to AMS and (iii) the
sale of all the issued and outstanding stock of the Excluded Subsidiaries by
AHS to Seller in consideration of a note issued by Seller payable to the
order of AHS in the principal amount of $374,483,240.32 and due immediately
following the Closing (the "Seller Promissory Note").   "Excluded
Subsidiaries" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.3(a).  
4     "Exemption Certificate" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 3.24.   "Federal Privacy Regulations" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 3.22(c).   "Federal Transaction Regulations"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.22(c).   "GAAP" shall
mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America, consistently applied during the periods involved.   "Governmental
Authority" shall mean any national, state or local government, any political
subdivision thereof or any other governmental, quasi-governmental, judicial,
public or statutory instrumentality, authority, body, agency, department,
bureau, commission or entity, or any arbitrator with authority to bind a
party at law.   "Hazardous Substances" shall mean any toxic or hazardous
waste, pollutants or substances, including, without limitations, friable
asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum products, byproducts, or other
hydrocarbon substances, substances defined or listed as a "hazardous
substance," "toxic substance," "toxic pollutant" or similarly identified
substance or mixture, in or pursuant to any Environmental Law.   "HIPAA"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.22(d).   "HSR Act" shall
mean the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Indemnifying Party"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9.3.   "Indemnitee" shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9.3.   "Intellectual Property"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.16.   "JCAHO" shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.25.   "Knowledge" means (i) in the
case of a natural Person, the actual knowledge of such Person based upon a
reasonable investigation regarding the accuracy of any representation or
warranty contained in this Agreement and (ii) in the case of any other
Person, the actual knowledge of the executive officers, division presidents,
division vice presidents of financial operations, division vice presidents of
operations, general partner or other natural Person fulfilling similar duties
on behalf of or with respect to such Person based upon a reasonable
investigation regarding the accuracy of any representation or warranty
contained in this Agreement.   "Laws" shall mean all statutes, laws,
ordinances, rules, regulations and other pronouncements of any Governmental
Authority having the effect of law in the United States, any state or
commonwealth of the United States, or any city, county, municipality,
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality thereof.  
"Leases" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.11(c).  
"Lender" shall mean Citigroup North America, Inc. or an affiliate thereof.  
"Liability Threshold" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 9.4(a).   5     "Lien" shall mean any mortgage, pledge,
assessment, security interest, lease, sublease, lien, adverse claim, levy,
charge or other encumbrance of any kind, or any conditional sale contract,
title retention contract, or other contract to give or to refrain from giving
any of the foregoing.   "Loan Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to it
in Section 2.4.   "Material Adverse Effect" means any event, change, or
occurrence that has or would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the business, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or
results of operations of the Acquired Entities taken as a whole, other than
events, changes, or occurrences that are generally applicable in the
behavioral health care industry of the United States (provided that such
events, changes or occurrences do not adversely affect the Acquired Entities
in a materially disproportionate manner).   "Material Contracts" shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.10.   "Materials of Environmental
Concern" means chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, hazardous materials,
hazardous substances and hazardous wastes, medical waste, toxic substances,
petroleum and petroleum products and by-products, asbestos-containing
materials, PCBs, and any other chemicals, pollutants, substances or wastes,
in each case so defined, identified, or regulated under any Environmental
Law.   "Medical Waste" includes, but is not limited to, (a) pathological
waste, (b) blood, (c) sharps, (d) wastes from surgery or autopsy, (e)
dialysis waste, including contaminated disposable equipment and supplies, (f)
cultures and stocks of infectious agents and associated biological agents,
(g) contaminated animals, (h) isolation wastes, (i) contaminated equipment,
(j) laboratory waste and (k) various other biological waste and discarded
materials contaminated with or exposed to blood, excretion, or secretions
from human beings or animals. "Medical Waste" also includes any substance,
pollutant, material, or contaminant listed or regulated under the Medical
Waste Tracking Act of 1988, 42 U.S.C. "6992, et seq. ("MWTA"), and applicable
state Law.   "Medical Waste Law" means the following, including regulations
promulgated and orders issued thereunder, all as may be amended from time to
time: the MWTA, the U.S. Public Vessel Medical Waste Anti-Dumping Act of
1988, 33 USCA "2501 et seq., the Marine Protection, Research, and Sanctuaries
Act of 1972, 33 USCA "1401 et seq., The Occupational Safety and Health Act,
29 USCA "651 et seq., the United States Department of Health and Human
Services, National Institute for Occupations Self-Safety and Health
Infectious Waste Disposal Guidelines, Publication No. 88-119, and any other
federal, state, regional, county, municipal, or other local Laws insofar as
they purport to regulate Medical Waste, or impose requirements relating to
Medical Waste.   "Multiemployer Plan" shall mean any "multiemployer plan"
within the meaning of Section 3(37) or Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.   "Non-
Competition Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
5.15.   "PBGC" shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.  
"PCBs" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.18(f).   "Permits"
shall mean all licenses, permits, franchises, rights, registrations,
approvals, authorizations, consents, waivers, exemptions, clearances,
releases, variances or orders of, or filings with, or otherwise issued by,
any Governmental Authority.   6     "Permitted Liens" shall mean (i)
Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable as of the Closing Date, (ii)
landlords\', carriers, warehousemen\'s, mechanics\', materialmen\'s,
repairmen\'s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, none of which is overdue for a period of more
than 30 days, (iii) pledges or deposits in connection with
worker\'s compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security
legislation, (iv) any lease obligations under the Contracts, (v) with respect
to any leased Real Property, Liens which encumber the fee interest in such
property, (vi) all matters shown on the title insurance policies or surveys
supplied to Purchaser by Seller pursuant to Section 3.11 hereof and (vii)
such minor defects, irregularities, encumbrances, easements, rights-of-way,
restrictions, encroachments and other similar encumbrances which,
individually or in the aggregate, do not materially interfere with the
present use and operation of such property subject thereto. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any liens arising from the Credit Agreement shall not be
considered Permitted Liens and will be released at Closing.   "Person"
shall mean any natural person, corporation, general partnership, limited
partnership, limited liability company, union, association,
court, Governmental Authority or other entity or authority.   "Pre-Closing
Period" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.7(a)(i).   "Pre-
Closing Period Tax Returns" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
6.7(a)(i).   "Programs" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
3.25.   "Promissory Note" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
2.4.   "Provider Agreements" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 3.25.   "Provider Numbers" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 3.25.   "Purchaser" shall mean Psychiatric Solutions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.   "Purchaser Common Stock" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 4.3.   "Purchaser Financial Statements" shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4.8.   "Purchaser Indemnitee"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9.1.   "Purchaser Material
Breach" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 10.1(e).  
"Purchaser SEC Filings" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 4.8.   "Purchaser Shares" shall mean 1,362,760 unregistered shares
of Purchaser Common Stock.   "Real Property" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 3.11(b).   "Redemption Date" shall mean the 35th
day following the Closing Date (or 45th day following the Closing Date in the
event the trustee under the Indenture requires 15 days prior notice pursuant
to the terms of the Indenture).   "Redemption Price" means, with respect to
an Untendered Note, an amount equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the principal
amount of the Untendered Note, plus (ii) the Applicable Premium, plus (iii)
accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to the applicable Redemption
Date.   7     "Registration Rights Agreement" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 6.9.   "Registration Statement" shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.9.   "SEC" shall mean the Securities
and Exchange Commission of the United States of America.   "Securities Act"
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Securities Laws" shall mean the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act.   "Seller" shall mean Ardent Health
Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.   "Seller Cash Payment"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2.3.   "Seller Indemnitee"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9.2.   "Seller Material
Breach" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 10.1(d).   "Seller
Stock Sale" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the recitals.  
"Straddle Period" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 6.7(a)(ii).   "Straddle Period Tax Returns" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 6.7(a)(ii).   "Tax" or "Taxes" means any and all
taxes and other governmental charges of the same or of a similar nature
(including, but not limited to, taxes on or with respect to net or gross
income, franchise, profits, gross receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem,
value added, transfer, real property transfer, transfer gains, inventory,
capital stock, license, payroll, employment, social security, unemployment,
severance, occupation, real or personal property, estimated taxes, rent,
excise, occupancy, recordation, bulk transfer, intangibles,
alternative minimum, doing business, withholding and stamp), together with
any interest thereon, penalties (or other governmental charges of the same or
of a similar nature), additions to tax or additional amounts with respect
thereto, imposed by any Governmental Authority or other applicable
jurisdiction.   "Tax Indemnification Agreement" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 3.14(e).   "Tax Proceeding" shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.7(c)(ii).   "Tax Return" means any
return, declaration, report, statement, information statement and other
document (including any related or supporting information) filed or required
to be filed with respect to Taxes, including any claims for refunds of Taxes
and any amendments or supplements of any of the foregoing.   "Tender Offer"
means the (i) cash tender offer at a price not less than the Tender Offer
Price (as defined below) to purchase all of AHS\' outstanding 10% Senior
Subordinated Notes due 2013 (the "Senior Subordinated Notes") and (ii) the
solicitation of the consent of the holders of the Senior Subordinated Notes
regarding amendments (the "Indenture Amendments") to the Indenture dated as
of August 19, 2003, as amended (the "Indenture"), among AHS,
certain subsidiaries of AHS, as guarantors, Seller, as a guarantor
(collectively with such subsidiaries, the "Guarantors"), and U.S. Bank Trust
National Association, as Trustee.   8     "Tender Offer Price" means
the cash tender price equal to the outstanding principal of the Senior
Subordinated Notes, plus (i) accrued interest to the date of purchase
pursuant to the Tender Offer and (ii) the Applicable Tender Offer Premium,
less the applicable payment for consents from the holders of the Senior
Subordinated Notes.   "Treasury Rate" means the yield to maturity at the
time of computation of United States Treasury securities with a constant
maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve
Statistical Release H.15 (519) which has become publicly available at least
two Business Days prior to, in the case of calculating the Applicable
Premium, the date fixed for prepayment or, in the case of calculating the
Applicable Tender Offer Premium, the tenth Business Day immediately preceding
the expiration time of the Tender Offer (or, if such Statistical Release is
no longer published, any publicly available source for similar market data))
most nearly equal to the then remaining term of the Senior Subordinated Notes
to August 15, 2008; provided, however, that if the then remaining term of the
Senior Subordinated Notes to August 15, 2008 is not equal to the constant
maturity of a United States Treasury security for which a weekly average
yield is given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation
(calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average
yields of United States Treasury securities for which such yields are given,
except that if the then remaining term of the Senior Subordinated Notes to
August 15, 2008 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on
actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant
maturity of one year shall be used.   "Untendered Notes" shall mean the
Senior Subordinated Notes outstanding after the consummation of the Tender
Offer.   "Untendered Note Amount" shall mean $37,714.80.   "WARN Act"
shall mean the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C.
Section 2101-2109.   ARTICLE II  PURCHASE AND SALE; CLOSING   2.1 Sale of
the AHS Shares. On and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, at the Closing, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer and deliver to
Purchaser, free and clear of all Liens, the AHS Shares, and Purchaser shall
purchase from Seller, the AHS Shares. Upon receipt by Seller of
the consideration described in Section 2.3 title to the AHS Shares shall pass
to Purchaser, free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens arising from the
acts of Purchaser and its Affiliates.   2.2 Excluded Assets and
Liabilities; Certain Included Liabilities. Notwithstanding anything, express
or implied, to the contrary contained in Section 2.1 or elsewhere herein, the
assets of the Acquired Entities set forth in Schedule 2.2 that are
transferred in the Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction are to be excluded
from the assets of the Acquired Entities being acquired by or transferred to
Purchaser at the Closing through Purchaser\'s acquisition of the AHS Shares.
With the exception of the above-described assets (the "Excluded Assets") and
the excluded liabilities described on Schedule 2.2 (the "Excluded
Liabilities"), the Acquired Entities shall retain all of the assets and
liabilities of the Acquired Entities, including, without limitation, their
respective trade payables, operating liabilities, accrued
expenses, contingent liabilities and other obligations. Prior to the Closing,
Seller shall cause the Excluded Assets to be transferred to AMS or another
Person designated by Seller by means of dividend or otherwise.   9    
2.3 Purchase Price. The consideration to be paid by Purchaser to Seller for
the AHS Shares shall be (i) an amount in cash equal to $425,934,216.46
(the "Seller Cash Payment") and (ii) the Purchaser Shares.   2.4 Purchaser
Loan. At the Closing, Purchaser shall loan to AHS an aggregate of
$74,028,068.74 (the "Loan Amount") and AHS shall issue to Purchaser a
Promissory Note in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4 (the
"Promissory Note") evidencing such loan.   2.5 Closing. The Closing will
take place at the offices of Waller Lansden Dortch and Davis, PLLC, 511 Union
Street, Suite 2700, Nashville, Tennessee, or such other place as shall be
mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties hereto, at 10:00 a.m. Central
Time, on July 1, 2005. The date on which the Closing takes place is referred
to herein as the "Closing Date." The Closing shall be deemed to occur at
12:01 a.m., Central Time, on the Closing Date or such other time as shall be
mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties hereto (the "Effective
Time").   2.6 Closing Deliveries. At the Closing, the following events will
occur:   (a) AHS Share Stock Certificates. Seller shall deliver to
Purchaser certificates representing the AHS Shares duly endorsed or
accompanied by duly executed blank stock powers, as appropriate.   (b)
Promissory Note. AHS shall deliver to Purchaser an executed copy of the
Promissory Note.   (c) Payment for the AHS Shares. Purchaser shall deliver
the Seller Cash Payment in immediately available funds by electronic wire
transfer to an account designated by Seller and shall deliver to Seller
certificates representing the Purchaser Shares.   (d) Loan Amount.
Purchaser shall deliver the Loan Amount in immediately available funds by
electronic wire transfer in the amounts and to the accounts designated by AHS
on the Closing Date for purposes of repaying the Bank Indebtedness and
consummating the Tender Offer.   (e) Legal Opinions.   (i) Seller shall
cause an original opinion of Boult, Cummings, Conners and Berry, PLC, counsel
for Seller, to be delivered to Purchaser as contemplated by Section 7.5;
and   (ii) Purchaser shall cause an original opinion of Waller Lansden
Dortch and Davis, PLLC, counsel for Purchaser, to be delivered to Seller as
contemplated by Section 8.5.   (f) Closing Certificates and Documents.  
(i) Seller shall deliver the other certificates and documents required to be
delivered by Seller pursuant to Article VII; and   (ii) Purchaser shall
deliver the other certificates and documents required to be delivered by
Purchaser pursuant to Article VIII.   2.7 Repayment of Seller Promissory
Note. Immediately following the Closing, Seller shall pay in full the Seller
Promissory Note and shall deliver to Purchaser reasonably satisfactory
evidence of such payment and cancellation of the Seller Promissory Note.
Purchaser shall cause   10    AHS to use such funds from the repayment
of the Seller Promissory Note for purposes of repaying the Bank Indebtedness
and consummating the Tender Offer.   ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF SELLER   Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser as of the
date of the Original Agreement (and with respect to the representations and
warranties set forth in Sections 3.1. 3.4 and 3.5 as of the date hereof) as
follows:   3.1 Organization of Seller. Seller is a limited liability company
duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the
State of Delaware. Seller is duly qualified or licensed to transact business
and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which it conducts business.
Seller has the limited liability company power and full authority and legal
capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other documents or
agreements to be executed and delivered by it and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action
on the part of Seller.   3.2 Organization and Capitalization of AHS.   (a)
AHS (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware, (ii) has the
corporate power and authority to own or lease and to operate its assets and
to conduct its business as currently conducted, and (iii) is duly qualified
to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each
of the jurisdictions listed in Schedule 3.2(a) and is not required to be so
qualified by the requirement of any Laws in any other jurisdiction except
where the failure to be so qualified would not, either individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (b)
The authorized capital stock of AHS consists of 10,000 shares of common
stock, $.01 par value per share, of which 1,000 shares (the "AHS Shares") are
issued and outstanding. The AHS Shares have been duly authorized and
validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.   (c) Except as set
forth in Schedule 3.2(c), (i) Seller has good and marketable title to, and
owns, the AHS Shares, beneficially and of record, (ii) the AHS Shares are
free and clear of all Liens of any nature whatsoever, (iii) Seller has full
voting power over the AHS Shares, subject to no proxy, shareholders\'
agreement, voting trust or other agreement relating to the voting of any of
the AHS Shares, and (iv) other than this Agreement, there is no agreement
between Seller or any of its subsidiaries and any other Person with respect
to the disposition of the AHS Shares or otherwise relating to the
AHS Shares.   (d) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.2(d), (i) no Person has
any preemptive right to purchase any stock or other securities of AHS, (ii)
there are no outstanding securities or other instruments of AHS that are
convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock, (iii)
other than the AHS Shares, there are no outstanding securities or other
instruments of AHS giving the owner or holder thereof the right to vote on
any matters on which AHS\' stockholders may vote, (iv) there are no
contracts, arrangements, commitments or restrictions relating to the
issuance, sale, transfer, purchase or obtaining of capital stock or other
securities or instruments of AHS, and (v) there is no existing option,
warrant, right, call or commitment of any character granted or issued by AHS
governing the issuance of shares of its capital stock.   3.3 Organization
and Capitalization of the AHS Subsidiaries.   11     (a) Schedule
3.3(a)(i) contains a true, complete and correct list of all subsidiaries,
direct or indirect, of AHS (the "AHS Subsidiaries"), other than the
subsidiaries, direct or indirect, of AHS listed on Schedule 3.3(a)(ii) (the
"Excluded Subsidiaries"). Except for the AHS Subsidiaries and the
Excluded Subsidiaries, AHS does not directly or indirectly own, of record
or beneficially, any outstanding equity interests in any other Person.  
(b) Each AHS Subsidiary (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or
general partnership, as the case may be, duly organized or formed, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization
or formation, as identified on Schedule 3.3(b), (ii) has the corporate,
limited liability company or general partnership power and authority to own
or lease and to operate its assets and to conduct its business as currently
conducted, and (iii) is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign
corporation, limited liability company or general partnership and is in good
standing in each of the jurisdictions listed in Schedule 3.3(b) and is
not required to be so qualified by the requirement of any Laws in any
other jurisdiction except where the failure to be so qualified would not,
either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (c) Schedule 3.3(c) sets forth the authorized
equity securities of each AHS Subsidiary and indicates the number of issued
and outstanding equity securities of such AHS Subsidiary. Except as set forth
in Schedule 3.3(c), the equity securities of each AHS Subsidiary have been
duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.  
(d) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.3(d), (i) AHS has good and marketable
title to, and owns, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding shares of
capital stock or other outstanding equity securities of each AHS Subsidiary
(the "AHS Subsidiary Shares"), beneficially and of record; (ii) the AHS
Subsidiary Shares are free and clear of all Liens of any nature
whatsoever, (iii) AHS has full voting power over the AHS Subsidiary Shares,
subject to no proxy, shareholders\' agreement, voting trust or other
agreement relating to the voting of any of the AHS Subsidiary Shares, and
(iv) other than this Agreement, there is no agreement between Seller or any
of its subsidiaries and any other Person with respect to the disposition of
the AHS Subsidiary Shares or otherwise relating to the AHS Subsidiary
Shares.   (e) (i) No Person has any preemptive right to purchase any
stock, equity interests or other securities of any AHS Subsidiary, (ii) there
are no outstanding securities or other instruments of any AHS Subsidiary that
are convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock or
any other equity securities, (iii) other than the AHS Subsidiary Shares,
there are no outstanding securities or other instruments of any of the AHS
Subsidiaries giving the owner or holder thereof the right to vote on any
matters on which AHS Subsidiary shareholders may vote, (iv) there are no
contracts, arrangements, commitments or restrictions relating to the
issuance, sale, transfer, purchase or obtaining of capital stock or other
securities or instruments of any AHS Subsidiary, and (v) there is no existing
option, warrant, right, call or commitment of any character granted or issued
by any AHS Subsidiary governing the issuance of shares of its capital
stock.   3.4 Authorization.   (a) The execution, delivery and performance
by Seller of this Agreement and the other agreements to be entered into by it
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and the consummation by Seller of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby are within Seller\'s limited
liability company powers, are not in contravention of the terms of Seller\'s
Constituent Documents, and have been duly authorized and approved by the
managers of Seller. No other corporate, limited liability company or
partnership, as the case may be, proceedings on the part of Seller or any
Acquired Entity are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance by   12    Seller or any Acquired Entity of this Agreement
or the other agreements to be entered into by Seller or any Acquired Entity
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.   (b) This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by Seller, and, as of the Closing, the
other agreements to be entered into by Seller or any Acquired Entity pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement will have been duly and validly executed and
delivered by Seller or such Acquired Entity, as the case may be. This
Agreement constitutes, and upon their execution and delivery, such other
agreements will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of
Seller and any Acquired Entity party thereto, enforceable against Seller and
any Acquired Entity party thereto in accordance with their respective terms
(assuming the valid authorization, execution and delivery hereof and thereof
by Purchaser and any other unaffiliated entity that is a party thereto).  
3.5 No Conflicting Agreements; Consents. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.5,
neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any of the
other agreements to be entered into by Seller or any Acquired Entity pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement nor the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will:   (a) violate, conflict
with, result in a breach or termination of the terms, conditions or
provisions of, constitute a default under, or entitle any party to terminate
or accelerate (i) the respective Constituent Documents of Seller or any of
the Acquired Entities, (ii) any Contract, except such violations, conflicts,
breaches, defaults, terminations or accelerations which, either individually
or in the aggregate, (A) would not materially impair the ability of Seller
and the Acquired Entities to perform their respective obligations hereunder
or under the other agreements contemplated hereby to be entered into by any
of them or would not prevent the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, or (B) would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) any Court Order to which Seller or any
of the Acquired Entities is a party or by which Seller or any of the Acquired
Entities is bound, or (iv) any requirements of Law affecting Seller or any of
the Acquired Entities, except such violations, conflicts, breaches
or defaults of such requirements of Law which, either individually or in
the aggregate, (A) would not materially impair the ability of Seller and
the Acquired Entities to perform their respective obligations hereunder or
under the other agreements contemplated hereby to be entered into by any of
them or would not prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby or (B) would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect;   (b) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon
any of the assets of any Acquired Entity (except for Permitted Liens); or  
(c) require a permit from, the approval, consent or authorization of, or the
making by Seller or any of the Acquired Entities of any declaration, filing
or registration with, any Governmental Authority, except as provided
in Section 5.1 or Section 6.2 and except for such approvals,
consents, authorizations, declarations, filings or registrations, the failure
of which to be obtained or made (i) would not, individually or in the
aggregate, materially impair the ability of Seller to perform its respective
obligations hereunder or under the other agreements contemplated hereby to be
entered into by it or prevent the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or (ii) would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.   3.6 Financial Statements.   (a) Schedule
3.6 contains copies of the unaudited combined balance sheet of the Company at
December 31, 2004 and the unaudited combined statement of income of the
Company for the year ended December 31, 2004 (collectively, the "Company
Financial Statements"). The Company Financial Statements have been prepared
from and in accordance with the Books and Records of the Company, fairly
present in all material respects the financial position and results of  
13    operations of the Company as of the date and for the periods
indicated, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments) applied on a consistent basis throughout the
period involved, except as may be indicated on Schedule 3.6.   (b) The
Company maintains internal accounting controls that provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management\'s
authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of its financial statements and to maintain accountability for
its assets, (iii) access to its assets is permitted only in accordance
with management\'s authorization and (iv) the reported accountability for its
assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals.   3.7
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.7, the
Company does not have any material liabilities or obligations required by
GAAP to be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet (whether
accrued, absolute, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise) except
for (a) liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Company Financial
Statements, (b) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of the Company\'s
business since the Balance Sheet Date, (c) Excluded Liabilities or (d)
liabilities incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   3.8 Absence of Certain Changes. Except as disclosed in Schedule
3.8 or as contemplated by the Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction or
elsewhere in this Agreement, since the Balance Sheet Date, the Acquired
Entities have conducted their businesses only in the ordinary course of such
businesses and:   (a) AHS has not (i) declared, set aside or paid any
dividend or made or agreed to make any other distribution or payment in
respect of its capital stock or redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired or
agreed to redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital
stock or (ii) amended its Constituent Documents;   (b) no Acquired Entity
has incurred any liabilities that under GAAP would be required to be
reflected on a balance sheet for the Company (other than liabilities incurred
in the ordinary course of its business consistent with past practice) in an
aggregate amount in excess of $100,000;   (c) no Acquired Entity has sold,
assigned or transferred any of its assets or properties except dispositions
or sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business;   (d) no Acquired
Entity has mortgaged, pledged or subjected to any Lien, any of the assets or
properties of such Acquired Entity other than (i) Permitted Liens, (ii) Liens
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice on
assets and properties having a fair value not exceeding $100,000 in the
aggregate and (iii) Liens under the Credit Agreement;   (e) no Acquired
Entity has suffered any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered
by insurance, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect;   (f) except as
contemplated by Schedule 3.12(h), no Acquired Entity has entered into any
employment, severance or termination agreement with any of the employees of
an Acquired Entity, other than employment contracts with physicians entered
into in the ordinary course of business;   (g) neither Seller nor AHS has
made any material change in its accounting principles, practices or
methodologies;   14     (h) no Acquired Entity has (A) made any increase
in the rate of compensation payable to any of its employees, other than
normal and customary increases consistent with past practice or increases
that otherwise were required by such Acquired Entity\'s obligations pursuant
to applicable Law or Contracts in effect on the Balance Sheet Date, or (B)
increased severance or termination obligations to any of its employees
(except (i) increases that are the result of increases to an employee\'s
underlying compensation that either (A) are not required to be disclosed
pursuant to this Section 3.8(h) or (B) are disclosed in Schedule 3.8, and
(ii) increases described in or contemplated by Schedule 3.12(h) hereto);
and   (i) neither Seller nor any Acquired Entity has entered into
any agreement or arrangement, or made any other commitment (whether oral
or written), to do any of the foregoing.   3.9 Legal Proceedings, etc.
There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending, or to the Knowledge of
Seller, threatened against Seller or any of its subsidiaries (including AHS
and any of the other Acquired Entities) which, either individually or in the
aggregate, if decided adversely, would reasonably be expected to (a)
materially impair the ability of Seller or any Acquired Entity to perform
their respective obligations hereunder or under the other agreements
contemplated hereby to be entered into by any of them or (b) prevent the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Except
as set forth in Schedule 3.9, there are no actions, suits or proceedings
pending, or to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened against any Acquired
Entity which, either individually or in the aggregate, if decided adversely,
would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except
as otherwise disclosed in Schedule 3.9, neither Seller, AHS nor any other
Acquired Entity has received written notice from any Governmental Authority
that any Acquired Entity is the target of any investigation or proceeding by
any Governmental Authority, nor to the Knowledge of Seller is any such
investigation or proceeding pending.   3.10 Contracts; No Defaults. Seller
has made or will make available to Purchaser copies of the Material
Contracts. Schedule 3.10 sets forth a complete and accurate list of the
following Contracts: (i) all Contracts that have an aggregate annual value or
result in an aggregate annual expense of at least $250,000; (ii) any
agreement that grants a right of first refusal with respect to the purchase
or sale of a capital asset of an Acquired Entity or an equity interest in an
Acquired Entity; (iii) any agreement relating to the borrowing or lending of
money other than advances to employees to cover business expenses in the
ordinary course of business; (iv) any joint venture contract,
partnership contract or similar contract evidencing an ownership interest or
a participation in or sharing of profits; (v) any guaranty, contribution
agreement or other agreement that includes any material indemnification or
contribution obligation; (vi) any agreement (including any non-competition
agreement) limiting the ability of any Acquired Entity to engage in any line
of business or in business with any Person or restricting the geographical
area in which such Acquired Entity may engage in any business; and (vii) any
employment, consulting, management, severance or indemnification contract or
agreement with annual obligations in excess of $100,000. Seller has provided
or will provide Purchaser true and correct copies of all agreements with any
individual known by any Acquired Entity to be a physician or an immediate
family member of a physician, or with an entity known by any Acquired Entity
to be owned by a physician or an immediate family member of a physician
(together with the contracts referenced in (i)-(vii) above, the "Material
Contracts"). All of the Material Contracts are with respect to the Acquired
Entities, and, to Seller\'s Knowledge, with respect to all other parties
thereto, valid and binding obligations, are in full force and effect in
accordance with their terms. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.10, there is
not, under any of the Material Contracts, any existing default, event of
default or other event which, with or without due notice or lapse of time
or both, would constitute a default or event of default on the part of any
Acquired Entity, except such defaults, events of default and other events as
to which requisite waivers or consents have been obtained or would not
reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. To Seller\'s
knowledge, no party to any of the Material Contracts intends to cancel,
terminate or exercise any option under any of such Material Contracts.  
15     3.11 Title to Property.   (a) Each of the Acquired Entities is in
possession of and has good title to, or has valid leasehold interests in or
valid rights under contract to use, all of the personal property used in or
reasonably necessary for the conduct of its business; such personal
properties include all personal properties reflected on the Company Financial
Statements and all of the personal properties purchased or otherwise acquired
by the Acquired Entities since the Balance Sheet Date, other than (i) current
assets or properties disposed of since the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, and (ii) the Excluded
Assets. None of such personal properties are subject to any Liens (other than
Permitted Liens and Liens under the Credit Agreement).   (b) Each of the
Acquired Entities has good and valid title to all owned real property
represented as being owned thereby, or a valid and binding leasehold interest
in all real property represented as being leased thereby, used in connection
with the operation of the business of such Acquired Entity, together with (to
the extent, with respect to the leased real property, provided in the lease
for such leased real property) all buildings, improvements and fixtures
located thereupon and all improvements and fixtures located thereupon and all
construction in progress (such real property is referred to herein as the
"Real Property"), subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens and
Liens under the Credit Agreement. The address for the Real Property that each
Acquired Entity owns in fee simple is listed in Schedule 3.11(b).   (c)
Schedule 3.11(c) lists all leases to which an Acquired Entity is a party
involving rental of real property as a lessor, lessee, sublessor or sublessee
(the "Leases"). Seller has delivered to Purchaser true and correct copies of
all Leases. All of the Leases are valid and binding obligations of
the Acquired Entities, are in full force and effect, and are enforceable
against the Acquired Entities in accordance with their terms; and to the
Knowledge of Seller, no event has occurred (whether with or without notice,
lapse of time or both) would constitute a default by the applicable Acquired
Entity thereunder. To the Knowledge of Seller, none of the other parties to
any of the Leases (i) is in default under any such Lease or (ii) considers an
Acquired Entity to be in material default thereunder.   (d) Seller has
provided or will provide Purchaser true and correct copies of rent rolls for
each building in which an Acquired Entity leases or subleases space to
tenants, which rent rolls identify the space leased, and with respect to each
lease or sublease, identify (i) the tenant or subtenant, (ii) the number of
square feet leased, (iii) the term commencement date and expiration date,
(iv) any term renewal options, (v) the annual or monthly rent, and (vi)
amount of security deposit.   (e) Seller has provided or will provide a true
and correct list of the most current owner\'s title policies issued to Seller
or an Acquired Entity with respect to any of the Real Property or any portion
thereof, and copies thereof have been supplied to Purchaser.   (f) Seller
has provided or will provide Purchaser a true and correct list of the most
current "as-built" surveys or boundary surveys obtained by Seller or an
Acquired Entity with respect to any of the Real Property or any portion
thereof, and copies thereof have been supplied to Purchaser.   (g) Seller
has provided or will provide Purchaser a true and correct copy of all
environmental site assessments obtained by Seller or an Acquired Entity with
respect to any of the Real Property or any portion thereof, and copies
thereof have been supplied to Purchaser.   16     (h) During the past
three (3) years, no Acquired Entity has received from any Governmental
Authority any written notice of any violation of any building codes, zoning
regulations, or other Law in respect of the Real Property or its use by such
Acquired Entity, except for such violations as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Seller, no
portion of the Real Property is subject to a condemnation or
similar proceeding. Schedule 3.11(h) describes all construction work, if any,
which any Acquired Entity has contracted for that would require any capital
expenditure exceeding $100,000 and which is presently in progress in respect
of the business of such Acquired Entity and also contains a good faith
estimate, as of the date of the Original Agreement, of the cost to complete
each such project and the amounts paid by Seller or the Acquired Entities to
date.   3.12 Employees; Labor Matters; Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA.  
(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.12(a), (i) no Acquired Entity is a
party to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement, contract or other
agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization,
(ii) there is no unfair labor practice or labor arbitration proceeding
pending, or to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened against an Acquired Entity
relating to its business, except for any such proceeding which has not had,
or would not reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, (iii)
to the Knowledge of Seller, there are no organization efforts with respect to
the formation of a collective bargaining unit presently being made or
threatened involving employees of any Acquired Entity, (iv) there is no labor
strike, material slowdown or material work stoppage or lockout actually
pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened against or affecting any
Acquired Entity, and an Acquired Entity has not experienced any strike,
material slowdown or material work stoppage or lockout since January 1, 2002,
(v) no Acquired Entity is delinquent in payments to any of its employees for
any wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses or other direct compensation for
any services performed for it or amounts required to be reimbursed to such
employees, (vi) each Acquired Entity is in compliance with all applicable
laws respecting labor, employment, fair employment practices, terms and
conditions of employment, workers\' compensation, occupational safety, plant
closings, and wages and hours, except where noncompliance, either
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, (vii) each Acquired Entity has withheld all amounts
required by Law or by agreement to be withheld from the wages, salaries, and
other payments to employees, and (viii) each Acquired Entity is not liable
for any arrears of wages or any Taxes or any penalty for failure to comply
with any of the foregoing.   (b) Schedule 3.12(b) contains a list of each
Company Plan that is intended to be qualified within the meaning of Code
Section 401(a) and each other Company Plan.   (c) With respect to each
Company Plan, Seller has delivered to Purchaser a current, accurate and
complete copy (or, to the extent no such copy exists, an accurate
description) of each such Company Plan and each of the following, to the
extent applicable to each such Company Plan: (i) any related trust agreement
or other funding instrument; (ii) the most recent IRS favorable determination
letter, if the Company Plan is a Code Section 401(a) plan for which such a
letter has been issued; (iii) any summary plan description, summary of
material modifications, employee handbooks and other material
written communications provided over the past three (3) years to participants
in each Company Plan; and (iv) for the three (3) most recent plan years for
each such Company Plan, any Form 5500 filed for each Company Plan and all
attached schedules, including audited financial statements, actuarial
valuation reports (if any), and the responses of any attorneys for the
Company Plan to any request for information underlying any such audited
financial statements.   (d) Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.12(d), (i)
each Company Plan has been established, drafted and administered in all
material respects in accordance with its terms and the  
17    applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other applicable Laws;
(ii) each Company Plan that is intended to be qualified within the meaning of
Code Section 401(a) has been the subject of an IRS favorable determination
letter as to its qualification or the sponsor of the Company Plan may rely on
the IRS notification letter to the sponsor of any prototype plan used to
document the terms of such Company Plan as to the tax-qualified status of
such Company Plan; (iii) to the Knowledge of Seller, nothing has occurred,
whether by action or failure to act, that could reasonably be expected to
adversely affect the tax-qualified status of any Company Plan that is
intended to be qualified within the meaning of Code Section 401(a); (iv) no
event has occurred and no condition exists that would subject any Acquired
Entity, either directly or by reason of its affiliation with any Controlled
Group Member, to any material Tax, fine, Lien, penalty or other liability
imposed by ERISA, the Code or other applicable Laws with respect to each
Company Plan that is intended to be qualified within the meaning of Code
Section 401(a); (v) there have been no reportable events within the meaning
of ERISA Section 4043, accumulated funding deficiencies within the meaning of
ERISA Section 302 or Code Section 412 (whether or not waived), or PBGC liens
imposed with respect to any Company Plan; (vi) for each Company Plan with
respect to which a Form 5500 has been filed, to the Knowledge of Seller, no
material change has occurred with respect to the matters covered by the most
recent Form 5500 since the date of filing thereof; (vii) neither Seller, any
of the Acquired Entities, nor, to the Knowledge of Seller, any other party in
interest or a disqualified person (as defined in Code Section 4975(e)(2)) has
engaged in a "prohibited transaction" (within the meaning of ERISA Section
406 and Code Section 4975) with respect to any Company Plan for which there
is no exemption under ERISA Section 408 or Code Section 4975; (viii) except
as required by Title I, Part 6 of ERISA, no Company Plan provides post-
employment or retiree welfare benefits and no Acquired Entity has
any obligations to provide any post-employment or retiree welfare benefits;
(ix) contributions required to be made under the terms of any of the Company
Plans as of the date of the Original Agreement have been timely made or have
been properly reflected on the Company\'s most recent consolidated balance
sheet prior to the date of the Original Agreement; (x) with respect to the
Company Plans, no event has occurred and, to the Knowledge of Seller, there
exists no condition or set of circumstances in connection with which an
Acquired Entity would reasonably be expected to be subject to any material
liability (other than for routine benefit liabilities) under the terms of, or
with respect to, such Company Plans, ERISA, the Code or any other applicable
Law; (xi) in all material respects, all tax, annual reporting and other
governmental filings required by ERISA and the Code for the Company Plans
have been timely filed with the appropriate governmental agency and all
notices and disclosures have been timely provided to participants of the
Company Plans; (xii) with respect to the Company Plans, to the Knowledge of
Seller, no excise tax could be imposed upon the Acquired Entities under
Chapter 43 of the Code; and (xiii) the Acquired Entities do not maintain,
sponsor, contribute to or have any liability with respect to any employee
benefit plan, program or arrangement that provides benefits to non-resident
aliens with no U.S. source income outside of the United States.   (e) None
of the Company Plans and no other plan or arrangement sponsored by,
contributed to or maintained by Seller, any Acquired Entity or any Controlled
Group Member at any time during the past six (6) years, as of the Closing
Date or in the past, has been subject to Title IV of ERISA.   (f) Except as
disclosed on Schedule 3.12(f), there is no Multiemployer Plan under which any
employee or any former employee of any Acquired Entity has any present or
future right to benefits or under which any Acquired Entity has any present
or future liability for services rendered by such employee to any Acquired
Entity prior to the Closing Date. The Acquired Entities and their Controlled
Group Members have not sponsored or contributed to or been required to
contribute to a Multiemployer Plan.   (g) With respect to any Company Plan,
no actions, suits or claims (other than routine claims for benefits in the
ordinary course) are pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller,  
18    threatened. Additionally, with respect to any Company Plan, to the
Knowledge of Seller, no facts or circumstances exist that reasonably could
give rise to any such actions, suits or claims that would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Seller, no
Company Plan is currently subject to an audit or other investigation by the
IRS, the Department of Labor, the PBGC or any other governmental
authority.   (h) Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.12(h), no Company Plan
or other agreement exists that could result in the payment to any present or
former employee or director of any Acquired Entity of any money or other
property or accelerate or provide any other rights or benefits to any present
or former employee of any Acquired Entity as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, whether or not such payment would constitute
a parachute payment within the meaning of Code Section 280G.   (i) The
Acquired Entities and their Controlled Group Members have complied with the
continuation coverage provisions of Title I, Part 6, of ERISA ("COBRA") with
respect to all current and former employees and their beneficiaries. Seller
has provided to Purchaser a list of all current and former employees of the
Company and their beneficiaries who are eligible for and/or have elected
continuation coverage under COBRA. Prior to the Closing, Seller shall deliver
to Purchaser a revised version of such list, updated through the Closing
Date.   (j) The Acquired Entities and their Controlled Group Members and
the Company Plans have properly classified individuals providing services to
the Acquired Entities and their Controlled Group Members as independent
contractors or employees, as the case may be.   3.13 Bank Accounts.
Schedule 3.13 is a list of the names and locations of all financial
institutions at which any Acquired Entity maintains a checking account,
deposit account, securities account, safety deposit box or other deposit or
safekeeping arrangement, the name of the Acquired Entity that maintains each
such account or arrangement and the number or other means of identification
of each such account and arrangement.   3.14 Taxes.   (a) Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.14 or as would not be reasonably expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Acquired Entities have duly and timely filed
all Tax Returns that they were required to file; (ii) all Tax Returns filed
by the Acquired Entities were correct and complete in all respects; (iii) the
Acquired Entities have timely paid all Taxes that have become due and payable
(whether or not shown on a Tax Return) and have adequately reserved in the
Company Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes (whether
or not shown on any Tax Return) that have accrued but are not yet due or
payable as of the dates thereof; and (iv) none of the Acquired Entities has
entered into any "reportable transaction" as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.6011-4(b).   (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14 or as would
not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
Acquired Entities have no present liability for Taxes, other than Taxes
reflected on the Company Financial Statements or incurred in the ordinary
course of business since the Balance Sheet Date in amounts consistent with
prior years adjusted to reflect changes in operating results of the Acquired
Entities; and (ii) Seller has no Knowledge of any basis for the assertion by
a Governmental Authority of a Tax deficiency against AHS or any of the AHS
Subsidiaries.   (c) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14 or as would not
be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) there is no
dispute or claim concerning any Tax liability of the Acquired Entities either
(A) claimed or raised by any Governmental Authority in writing or (B) as
to   19    which Seller has Knowledge based upon personal contact with
any agent of such Governmental Authority; (ii) Schedule 3.14 lists all Tax
Returns filed with respect to the Acquired Entities that have been audited by
a Governmental Authority, and indicates those Tax Returns that currently are
the subject of audit by a Governmental Authority; (iii) no jurisdiction in
which any of the Acquired Entities do not file a Tax Return has made a claim
in writing that any of the Acquired Entities is required to file a Tax Return
for such jurisdiction, and Seller has no Knowledge that any such jurisdiction
has otherwise made any such claim; and (iv) neither AHS nor any of the AHS
Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any closing or other agreement with
any Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes.   (d) Except as would not
be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Acquired
Entities have complied in all respects with all applicable Laws relating to
the withholding and payment over of Taxes (including, but not limited to,
withholding in connection with payments to employees, independent
contractors, creditors, stockholders, partners or other third parties) and
have, within the time and manner prescribed by Law, withheld and paid over to
the proper Governmental Authorities all amounts required to be withheld and
paid over under all applicable Laws.   (e) Except as set forth on Schedule
3.14 or as would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, (i) neither AHS nor any of the AHS Subsidiaries has been a member of
any affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return or a
member of a combined, consolidated or unitary group for state, local or
foreign Tax purposes (other than a group the common parent of which has at
all times been AHS) or has any liability for the Taxes of any other Person
(other than an entity that is a member of the consolidated group of
corporations that has at all times had AHS as its common parent until the
Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction) under Treasury Regulation Section
1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign Law), as a
transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise; and (ii) neither AHS nor
any of the AHS Subsidiaries is a party to, is bound by, or has any obligation
under, any Tax sharing agreement, Tax indemnification agreement or similar
contract or arrangement, whether written or, to the Knowledge of Seller,
unwritten (a "Tax Indemnification Agreement"), and AHS and the
AHS Subsidiaries do not have any potential liability or obligation to any
Person as a result of, or pursuant to, any such Tax Indemnification
Agreement.   (f) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14 or as would not
be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) Seller has
no Knowledge of any circumstances that would require either AHS or any of the
AHS Subsidiaries to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of
deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof)
ending on or after the Closing Date as a result of any adjustment pursuant to
Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in accounting method, and
Seller has no Knowledge that the IRS has proposed any such adjustment or a
change in any accounting method used by AHS or any of the AHS Subsidiaries;
and (ii), neither AHS nor any of the AHS Subsidiaries has taken any action
inconsistent with its practices in prior years that would have the effect of
deferring a liability for Taxes from a period prior to the Effective Time to
a period following the Effective Time.   (g) Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.14 or as would not be reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (i) none of the Acquired Entities is subject to any waiver or
extension of the statute of limitations applicable to the assessment or
collection of any Tax; and (ii) no power of attorney or similar grant of
authority is in place with respect to the Tax matters of the Acquired
Entities.   (h) Except as would not be reasonably expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, none of the Acquired Entities is a party to any
agreement, contract, arrangement or plan that has resulted or would result,
separately or in the aggregate, in connection with this Agreement or  
20    any change of control of the Acquired Entities, in the payment of
any "excess parachute payments" within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Code.   (i) None of the Acquired Entities is or has been a United
States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section
897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period specified in Section
897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.   (j) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14 or
as would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, there
are no Liens for Taxes on any assets of the Acquired Entities, other than
Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable.   (k) Neither AHS nor any of the
AHS Subsidiaries has distributed stock of another Person, or has had its
stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction purported or intended
to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 or 361 of the Code.   (l)
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14 or as would not be reasonably expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) neither AHS nor any of the AHS
Subsidiaries is a party to any joint venture, partnership or
other arrangement or contract that could be treated as a partnership for
federal income tax purposes; and (ii) no business entity in which AHS or any
of the AHS Subsidiaries owns an equity interest has made any election
pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3.   3.15 Insurance.
Schedule 3.15 includes a list of all material insurance policies maintained
by or for the benefit of any Acquired Entity, including fire and extended
coverage and casualty, liability and other forms of insurance. Seller shall
keep such insurance or comparable insurance in full force and effect until
the Effective Time. To Seller\'s Knowledge, none of the Acquired Entities has
received notice from any insurance carrier that any insurance policy will be
canceled or that coverage thereunder will be reduced or eliminated.   3.16
Intellectual Property. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.16, each Acquired
Entity owns or has the right to use (and following the Closing will continue
to own or have the right to use) all patents, trademarks, trade
names, service marks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual
property rights and licenses as are necessary to conduct its business as
currently conducted (the "Intellectual Property"), free of all Liens except
Permitted Liens and Liens under the Credit Agreement. Except as set forth in
Schedule 3.16, (a) to the Knowledge of Seller, no infringement exists by any
of the Acquired Entities on the intellectual property rights of any other
Person that results in any way from the operations of the businesses of the
Acquired Entities, except such infringements which, either individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, and (b) there has been no notice for a Claim against any of the
Acquired Entities that its operations, activities or business infringe any
intellectual property of any other Person. Except as set forth in Schedule
3.16, (i) no Court Orders or proceedings are pending, or to the Knowledge of
Seller, threatened, against any of the Acquired Entities that challenge the
validity of, or such Acquired Entity\'s ownership of or right to use, any of
the Intellectual Property, and (ii) to the Knowledge of Seller, there is no
infringing use of any of the Intellectual Property owned by any Acquired
Entity by any other Person.   3.17 Compliance with Laws. The Acquired
Entities hold all material Permits applicable to their respective businesses
required by applicable Law (the "Company Permits"). The Acquired Entities are
in compliance with the terms of the Company Permits, except for such failures
to comply which, either individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.17, the Acquired
Entities are in compliance with all Laws of any Governmental Authority,
except where the failure to comply, either individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as
set forth in Schedule   21    3.17, to the Knowledge of Seller, there is
no threatened suspension, cancellation or termination of any Company
Permits.   3.18 Environmental Matters. Except for such matters as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect:   (a) The operations of each of the Acquired
Entities have been in compliance with the Environmental Laws, which
compliance includes but is not limited to the possession by each of the
Acquired Entities of all permits and governmental authorizations required
under applicable Environmental Laws, and compliance with the terms and
conditions thereof.   (b) Each of the Acquired Entities has not treated,
stored, managed, disposed of, transported, handled, released, or used any
Materials of Environmental Concern except in the ordinary course of its
business, and in compliance with all Environmental Laws.   (c) There are no
Environmental Claims pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller or any of the
Acquired Entities, threatened against any of the Acquired Entities.   (d)
There are no off-site locations where any of the Acquired Entities has
stored, disposed or arranged for the disposal of Materials of Environmental
Concern except as permitted by applicable law, and none of the Acquired
Entities has been notified in writing that it is a potentially responsible
party at any such location under any Environmental Laws.   (e) None of the
Acquired Entities has assumed or undertaken any corrective, investigatory or
remedial obligation of any other Person relating to any Environmental
Law.   (f) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.18, (i) there are
no underground storage tanks located on property owned, leased or operated by
any of the Acquired Entities; (ii) to Seller\'s Knowledge, there is
no asbestos-containing material (as defined under Environmental Laws)
contained in or forming part of any building, building component, structure
or office space owned, leased or operated by any of the Acquired Entities;
and (iii) to Seller\'s Knowledge, there are no polychlorinated biphenyls
("PCBs") or PCB-containing items contained in or forming part of any
building, building component, structure or office space owned, leased or
operated by any of the Acquired Entities, except as permitted by applicable
Law.   3.19 Books and Records. The Books and Records of the Acquired
Entities are complete and correct in all material respects and have been
maintained in accordance with sound business practices, including the
maintenance of an adequate system of internal controls. The records contained
in the minute books of the Acquired Entities are accurate in all material
respects.   3.20 No Material Adverse Change. Since the Balance Sheet Date,
there has not been any change in the business, assets, condition (financial
or otherwise) or results of operations of the Acquired Entities that would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.   3.21
Brokers. Except for Banc of America Securities LLC, neither Seller nor any of
its subsidiaries (including any of the Acquired Entities) has paid or become
obligated to pay any fee or commission to any broker, finder or intermediary
for or on account of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
3.22 HIPAA Matters.   (a) Each entity (other than an Excluded Subsidiary)
owned or controlled by an Acquired Entity that is a health plan, healthcare
clearinghouse or healthcare provider that   22    transmits any health
information in electronic form in connection with a Transaction (as defined
in the Federal Transaction Regulations), as such terms are defined in the
Federal Privacy Regulations (collectively, the "Covered Entities") is in
compliance in all material respects with and has not violated in any material
respect the administrative simplification section of the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as codified at 42 U.S.C. Sections
1320d through d-8 (collectively, "HIPAA"), the regulations contained in 45
C.F.R. Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and E, as amended (collectively,
the "Federal Privacy Regulations"), the regulations contained in 45 C.F.R.
Parts 160 and 162, as amended (collectively, the "Federal Transaction
Regulations") or applicable state privacy laws.   (b) A complete and
accurate list of all Covered Entities and each Organized Health Care
Arrangement (as defined in the Federal Privacy Regulations) in which a
Covered Entity participates is attached hereto as Schedule 3.22(b)(A).
Complete and accurate copies of each Covered Entity\'s policies relating to
the privacy of its patients Protected Health Information (as defined in the
Federal Privacy Regulations) are attached hereto as Schedule 3.22(b)(B). Each
such policy relating to the privacy of patients Protected Health Information
complies with the Federal Privacy Regulations and applicable state privacy
laws, except where noncompliance, either individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. An
accurate copy of each Covered Entity\'s privacy notice and any policy
relating thereto, or the most recent draft thereof, has been furnished to
Purchaser.   (c) Complete and accurate copies of all agreements
(collectively, "Business Associate Agreements") between a Covered Entity and
a Business Associate (as defined in the Federal Privacy Regulations),
together with a complete and accurate summary of the terms and conditions of
any oral arrangements with Business Associates, have been furnished to
Purchaser. Neither Seller nor any Covered Entity is aware of any breach by a
Business Associate of any Business Associate Agreement or any violation by a
Business Associate of HIPAA, the Federal Transaction Regulations, or the
Federal Privacy Regulations, except such breaches or violations which, either
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (d) To Seller\'s Knowledge, no patient has filed
a HIPAA related complaint with Seller, any of the Acquired Entities or any
Governmental Authority.   3.23 Medical Waste. Except as disclosed on
Schedule 3.23, the operations of the Acquired Entities have been in
compliance with the Medical Waste Laws, except where failure to be in
compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   3.24 Certificates of Need. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.24
hereto, no application for any Certificate of Need, Exemption Certificate
(each as defined below) or declaratory ruling has been made by any Acquired
Entity with the appropriate state agency or other applicable agency that is
currently pending or open before such agency, and no such application
(collectively, the "Applications") filed by any Acquired Entity within the
past three (3) years has been ultimately denied by any Governmental Authority
or withdrawn by any Acquired Entity. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.24
hereto, no Acquired Entity has had any Applications pending or any approved
Applications that relate to projects not yet completed. Each Acquired Entity
has properly filed all required Applications which are complete and correct
in all material respects with respect to any and all material improvements,
projects, changes in services, zoning requirements, construction and
equipment purchases, and other changes for which approval is required under
any applicable federal or state Law. As used herein "Certificate of Need"
means a written statement issued by the appropriate state agency evidencing
community need for a new, converted, expanded or otherwise significantly
modified health care facility, health service or hospice, and "Exemption
Certificate"   23    means a written statement from the appropriate
state agency stating that a health care project is not subject to the
Certificate of Need requirements under applicable state Law.   3.25
Medicare Participation; Accreditation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.25,
each facility of the Acquired Entities is certified for participation and
reimbursement in the Medicare, Medicaid and TRICARE programs (the "Programs")
and each Acquired Entity has a provider agreement with each such Program (the
"Provider Agreements"). Except as does not have a Material Adverse Effect,
each facility of the Acquired Entities is in compliance with the conditions
of participation of the Programs and with the terms, conditions
and provisions of the Provider Agreements. The Provider Agreements are each
in full force and effect, and Seller has no Knowledge of any fact or
circumstance that would cause any such Provider Agreement not to remain in
force or be renewed on and after Closing. Attached hereto as Schedule 3.25 is
a complete list of all Medicaid and Medicare provider numbers (the "Provider
Numbers") in the name of an Acquired Entity or a facility owned by an
Acquired Entity or as otherwise specified, which an Acquired Entity is
currently using in its operations and excluding any Medicaid and Medicare
provider numbers for facilities that were sold or closed by an Acquired
Entity prior to the date of the Original Agreement. Each facility of the
Acquired Entities is duly accredited, with all Type I recommendations
removed, by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations
("JCAHO"). Copies of the two most recent accreditation survey reports from
JCAHO pertaining to each facility of the Acquired Entities have been or will
be made available to Purchaser. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.25, since
the date of its most recent JCAHO survey, none of the Acquired Entities has
made any changes in policy or operations that it believes would cause any
affected facility to lose such accreditation or to be denied participation in
the Programs. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.25, to Seller\'s Knowledge,
there is no proceeding, investigation or survey pending or threatened,
involving any of the Programs or any other third party payor programs, with
respect to the Acquired Entities and Seller has no reason to believe that any
such investigations or surveys are pending, threatened, or imminent.   3.26
Compliance Program. The Acquired Entities have provided to Purchaser a copy
of their current compliance program materials. Except as set forth
on Schedule 3.26, neither Seller nor any Acquired Entity (a) is a party to
a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the Office of Inspector General of
the Department of Health and Human Services, (b) has reporting obligations
pursuant to any settlement agreement entered into with any Governmental
Authority, (c) to Seller\'s Knowledge, has been the subject of any government
payor program investigation conducted by any Governmental Authority, (d) to
Seller\'s Knowledge, has been a defendant in any qui tam/False Claims Act or
similar litigation and (e) has been served with or received any search
warrant, subpoena, civil investigative demand, contact letter, or, to
Seller\'s Knowledge, telephone or personal contact by or from any federal or
state enforcement agency, except in connection with medical services provided
to third parties who may be defendants or the subject of investigation into
conduct unrelated to the operation of the facilities of the Acquired Entities
or any other health care businesses conducted by an Acquired Entity, or
except where the receipt of such would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "compliance
program" refers to provider programs of the type described in the Compliance
Program Guidance published by the Office of Inspector General of the
Department of Health and Human Services.   3.27 Regulatory Compliance.
Except to the extent permitted by applicable Law, no Acquired Entity, nor to
Seller\'s Knowledge, any director, officer or employee of an Acquired Entity,
nor any agent acting on behalf of or for the benefit of any of the foregoing,
has directly or indirectly: (i) offered, paid or received any remuneration,
in cash or in kind, to, or made any financial arrangements, with any past,
present or potential customers, past or present suppliers, patients, medical
staff members, contractors or third party payors of an Acquired Entity in
exchange for business or payments from such Persons; (ii) given or agreed to
give, received or agreed to receive, or is aware that there has been made or
that there is any agreement to make, any gift or gratuitous  
24    payment of any kind, nature or description (whether in money,
property or services) to any customer or potential customer, supplier or
potential supplier, contractor, third party payor or any other Person in
exchange for business or payments; (iii) made or agreed to make, or is aware
that there has been made or that there is any agreement to make, any
contribution, payment or gift of funds or property to, or for the private use
of, any governmental official, employee or agent where either the
contribution, payment or gift or the purpose of such contribution, payment or
gift is or was illegal under any Law of the United States or under the Laws
of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such payment,
contribution or gift; (iv) established or maintained any unrecorded fund or
asset for any improper purpose or made any misleading, false, or artificial
entries on any of its books or records for any reason; (v) made, or agreed to
make, or is aware that there has been made or that there is any agreement to
make, any improper payment to any Person; (vi) made any payment for or agreed
to make any payment for any goods, services, or property in excess of fair
market value; or (vii) committed a violation of any Law,
specifically including, but not limited to, Medicare and Medicaid fraud and
abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, including any activity which is
prohibited under (A) the Federal Anti-kickback Statute, 42 U.S.C. Section
1320a-7b et seq.; (B) the physician self-referred provisions of the Stark Law
(42 U.S.C. Section 1395nn) or the regulations thereunder; (C) the False
Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729); (D) the Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42
U.S.C. Sections 1320a-7a); (E) Mail and Wire Fraud (18 U.S.C. Sections
1341-1343); (F) False Statements Relating to Health Care Matters (18 U.S.C.
Section 1035); and (G) Health Care Fraud (18 U.S.C. Section 1347) or
regulations related to any of the above (or related state and local fraud and
abuse statutes or regulations), except for such activities as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect.   3.28 Medical Staff Matters. Seller has provided
or will provide to Purchaser true, correct, and complete copies of the bylaws
and rules and regulations of the medical staff of each facility of the
Acquired Entities. With regard to the medical staff of each facility of the
Acquired Entities and except as set forth on Schedule 3.28 hereto, there are
no pending or, to Seller\'s Knowledge, threatened disputes with applicants,
staff members or health professional affiliates and all appeal periods in
respect of any medical staff member or applicant against whom an adverse
action has been taken have expired. The Acquired Entities have delivered to
Purchaser a written disclosure containing a brief general description of all
adverse actions taken in the six (6) months prior to the date of the Original
Agreement against medical staff members or applicants which could result in
claims or actions against an Acquired Entity. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.28, (i) no employee or independent contractor of an Acquired Entity
(whether an individual or entity), or any member of an Acquired Entity\'s
medical staff has been excluded from participating in any federal health care
program (as defined in 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(f)) during the last five
(5) years, nor to Seller\'s Knowledge is any such exclusion threatened or
pending and (ii) none of the officers, directors, agents or managing
employees (as such term is defined in 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-5(b)) of an
Acquired Entity, has been excluded from Medicare or any federal health care
program (as defined in 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(f)) or been subject to
sanction pursuant to 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7a or 1320a-8 or been convicted
of a crime described at 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b, nor to Seller\'s
Knowledge is any such exclusion, sanction or conviction threatened
or pending. No Acquired Entity has been excluded from participating in any
federal health care program (as defined in 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(f)),
nor to Seller\'s Knowledge is any such exclusion threatened or pending. No
Acquired Entity has been convicted of a criminal offense related to the
provision of health care services.   3.29 Third Party Payor Cost Reports.
Each Acquired Entity duly filed in a timely manner all required cost reports
for all the fiscal years through and including the fiscal year ended December
31, 2003. The required cost reports for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2004 will be filed on or before their due date, including any extensions
thereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.29, all of the cost reports filed
by each Acquired Entity accurately reflect in the information required to be
included thereon and do not claim, and no Acquired Entity has received,
reimbursement in any amount in excess of the amounts allowed by applicable
Law or any applicable agreement, except   25    where the receipt of
such reimbursement would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Schedule 3.29 attached hereto accurately indicates which cost
reports have not been audited and finally settled and a brief description of
any and all notices of program reimbursement, proposed or pending audit
adjustments, disallowances, and any and all other unresolved claims or
disputes in respect of the cost reports. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.29
and to the Knowledge of Seller, there are no facts or circumstances which
give rise to any disallowance under any such cost reports which would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.   3.30
Reimbursement. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.30, all billing practices of
each Acquired Entity with respect to all third party payors, including the
Programs and private insurance companies, have been in compliance with all
applicable laws, regulations and policies of such third party payors, private
insurance companies, and the Programs, except as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To Seller\'s Knowledge, all
claims, returns, invoices and other forms made by the Acquired Entities to
Medicare, Medicaid or any other third party payor are true, complete, correct
and accurate in all material respects. No deficiency in any such claims,
returns or other filings, including claims for overpayments, setoff or
recoupments, or deficiencies for late filings, has been asserted or, to the
Knowledge of Seller, threatened by any Governmental Authority or any other
third party payor, other than medical or claim reviews arising in the
ordinary course of business, and, to the Knowledge of Seller, there is no
basis for any such claims or deficiencies. Except as set forth in Schedule
3.30, to Seller\'s Knowledge, no Acquired Entity within the prior five (5)
years has been subject to any audit, investigation, monitoring or other form
of review by any Governmental Authority based upon an alleged improper
activity. No Acquired Entity has billed or received any payment or
reimbursement in excess of amounts allowed by Law, except where the receipt
of such reimbursement would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. There is no proceeding, investigation (except for
medical reviews or claim reviews in the ordinary course of business), pending
or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller or the Acquired
Entities, involving any of the Programs, or any other third party payor
programs. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.30, the Acquired Entities are not
currently under focused medical review or the subject of any probe audits
by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services or its contractors and, to
the Knowledge of Seller, no such actions have been threatened.   3.31
Statutory Funds. None of the assets of the Acquired Entities are subject to
any liability to which Purchaser may become obligated in respect of amounts
received by the Acquired Entities for the purchase or improvements of the
assets or any part thereof under restricted or conditioned grants
or donations, including monies received under the Public Health Laws.  
3.32 Investment Representations.   (a) Seller is acquiring the Purchaser
Shares for its own account.   (b) Seller has such knowledge and experience
in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of purchasing the Purchaser Shares and to understand the risks of,
and other considerations relating to, its purchase of the Purchaser
Shares.   (c) Seller is aware that as of the Closing Date, the
Purchaser Shares will not have been registered under the Securities Act or
any state\'s securities laws. Seller further understands that the
certificates representing the Purchaser Shares will include an appropriate
legend to the effect that such securities have not been registered under the
Securities Act or any state\'s securities laws and that such securities may
not be sold or transferred except in compliance with the Securities Act and
applicable state securities laws.   3.33 Controlled Substances. To Seller\'s
Knowledge, none of the employees, or persons who provide professional
services under agreements with Seller, has engaged in any activities
which   26    are prohibited under the federal Controlled Substances
Act, 21 U.S.C. Section 801 et seq. or the regulations promulgated pursuant to
such statute or any related state or local statutes or regulations concerning
the dispensing and sale of controlled substances.   ARTICLE IV 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER   Purchaser represents and
warrants to Seller as of the date of the Original Agreement (and with respect
to the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.1. 4.2 and 4.4
as of the date hereof) as follows:   4.1 Organization. Purchaser is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
Laws of the State of Delaware. Purchaser is duly qualified or licensed to
transact business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which it
conducts business. Purchaser has the corporate power and full authority and
legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other documents
or agreements to be executed and delivered by it and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.   4.2 Corporate
Authorization.   (a) The execution, delivery and performance by Purchaser of
this Agreement and the other agreements to be entered into by Purchaser
pursuant to this Agreement, and the consummation by Purchaser of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby are within Purchaser\'s
corporate powers, are not in contravention of the terms of Purchaser\'s
Constituent Documents, and have been duly authorized and approved by the
board of directors of Purchaser. No other corporate proceedings on the part
of Purchaser are necessary to authorize Purchaser\'s execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement or the other agreements to be entered into by
Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.   (b) This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Purchaser, and as of the Closing, the other
agreements to be entered into by Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement will have been duly and validly executed and delivered by
Purchaser. This Agreement constitutes, and upon their execution and delivery,
such other agreements will constitute, the legal, valid and binding
obligations of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with
their respective terms (assuming the valid authorization, execution and
delivery hereof and thereof by Seller, and any other unaffiliated entity that
is a party thereto).   4.3 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of
Purchaser consists of 48,000,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per
share, of which 20,496,730 shares are issued and outstanding (the "Purchaser
Common Stock") and 6,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value per
share, of which no shares are issued and outstanding. The issued and
outstanding shares of Purchaser Common Stock are, and the Purchaser Shares
when issued in accordance with this Agreement shall be, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and issued in compliance with
all applicable federal and state securities Laws.   4.4 No Conflicting
Agreements; Consents. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or
any of the other agreements to be entered into by Purchaser pursuant to this
Agreement nor the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby will:   (a) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of the
terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under (i) the
Constituent Documents of Purchaser or any subsidiary thereof, (ii) any
Contract (substituting the term "Purchaser or one its subsidiaries" for the
phrase "Acquired   27    Entities" in the definition thereof), except
such violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults which, either individually
or in the aggregate, would not materially impair the ability of Purchaser to
perform its obligations hereunder or under the other agreements contemplated
hereby to be entered into by Purchaser or would not prevent the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (iii) any Court Order to
which Purchaser or one of its subsidiaries is a party or by which Purchaser
is bound, or (iv) any requirements of Law affecting Purchaser or one of its
subsidiaries, except such violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults of such
requirements of Laws which, either individually or in the aggregate, would
not materially impair the ability of Purchaser to perform its obligations
hereunder or under the other agreements contemplated hereby to be entered
into by Purchaser or which would not prevent the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or   (b) require a permit from,
the approval, consent or authorization of, or the making by Purchaser or one
its subsidiaries of any declaration, filing or registration with, any
Governmental Authority, except as provided in Section 5.1 or Section 6.2 and
except for such approvals, consents, authorizations, declarations, filings or
registrations, the failure of which to be obtained or made would not, either
individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the ability of Purchaser
to perform its obligations hereunder or under the other agreements
contemplated hereby to be entered into by Purchaser or prevent the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.   4.5
Legal Proceedings, etc. There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending
or, to the Knowledge of Purchaser, threatened against Purchaser or any of its
subsidiaries which, either individually or in the aggregate, would materially
impair the ability of Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder or under
the other agreements contemplated hereby to be entered into by Purchaser or
could reasonably be expected to prevent the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby.   4.6 Brokers. Except for Citigroup Global
Markets Inc., Purchaser has not paid or become obligated to pay any fee or
commission to any broker, finder or intermediary for or on account of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.7 Investment
Representations.   (a) Purchaser is acquiring the AHS Shares for its own
account and not with a view to the distribution thereof within the meaning of
the Securities Act.   (b) Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of purchasing the AHS Shares and to understand the risks of, and
other considerations relating to, its purchase of the AHS Shares.   (c)
Purchaser is aware that as of the Closing Date, the AHS Shares will not have
been registered under the Securities Act or any state\'s securities laws.
Purchaser further understands that the certificates representing the
AHS Shares will include an appropriate legend to the effect that such
securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state\'s
securities laws and that such securities may not be sold or transferred
except in compliance with the Securities Act and applicable state securities
laws.   4.8 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.   (a) Purchaser has timely
filed all SEC documents required to be filed by Purchaser since December 31,
2002 (together with all such SEC documents filed, whether or not required to
be filed, the "Purchaser SEC Filings"). The Purchaser SEC Filings (i) at the
time filed, complied in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the Securities Laws and other applicable Laws and (ii) did
not, at the time they were filed (or, if amended or superseded by a
filing   28    prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of
such filing or, in the case of registration statements, at the effective date
thereof) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated in such Purchaser SEC Filings or
necessary in order to make the statements in such Purchaser SEC Filings, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  
(b) Each of the Purchaser financial statements (including, in each case, any
related notes) contained in the Purchaser SEC Filings, including
any Purchaser SEC Filings filed after the date of the Original Agreement
until the Effective Time (the "Purchaser Financial Statements") complied in
all material respects with the applicable published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto, was prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on
a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be
indicated in the notes to such financial statements or, in the case of
unaudited interim statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC), and
fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated financial position
of Purchaser and the Purchaser subsidiaries as at the respective dates and
the consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods
indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements were or are
subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments.   (c) Purchaser
maintains internal accounting controls that provide reasonable assurance that
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with management\'s authorization,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of its
financial statements and to maintain accountability for its assets, (iii)
access to its assets is permitted only in accordance with management\'s
authorization and (iv) the reported accountability for its assets is compared
with existing assets at reasonable intervals.   4.9 Financing. Purchaser has
delivered to Seller a true and correct copy of the commitment letter executed
by Lender and all other material agreements with the Lender (with all fees
redacted) with respect to financing the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (together, the "Commitment Letter"). The Commitment Letter is in
full force and effect and sets forth all of the material agreements with the
Lender with respect to the financing of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Purchaser has the ability to obtain funds in cash in amounts equal
to the sum of the Seller Cash Payment and the Loan Amount by means of the
Commitment Letter or otherwise and will at the Closing have immediately
available funds in cash, which are sufficient to pay the Seller Cash Payment
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   4.10 No Material
Adverse Change. Since the Balance Sheet Date, there has not been any change
in the business, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of
operations of Purchaser that would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect (substituting the term "Purchaser and its subsidiaries" for
the phrase "Acquired Entities" in the definition thereof).   ARTICLE V 
COVENANTS OF SELLER   5.1 Regulatory Approvals. Seller will, and will cause
the Acquired Entities, to (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain,
as promptly as practicable, each of the Permits that are or should be listed
in Schedule 5.1 hereto (other than those that have been obtained prior to the
date hereof), and to make the filings and declarations with Governmental
Authorities that are listed in Schedule 5.1 hereto as promptly as practicable
after the date hereof (other than those that have been made prior to the date
hereof), (b) provide such information and communications to applicable
Governmental Authorities that are necessary in connection with the foregoing
or in connection with Purchaser\'s obtaining any Permits or making any
filings or declarations with Governmental Authorities in accordance with
Section 6.2 as such Governmental Authorities or Purchaser may  
29    reasonably request, and (c) cooperate with Purchaser in obtaining or
making, as soon as practicable, any Permits that Purchaser is required to
obtain pursuant to Section 6.2.   5.2 Conduct Prior to the Closing. On or
after the date hereof and prior to the Closing, except (w) as disclosed in
Schedule 5.2 hereto, (x) for the Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction, the
Tender Offer and the Bank Refinancing, (y) as consented to or approved in
writing by an authorized officer of Purchaser, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or (z) as contemplated by Section 2.2 or Section
5.10:   (a) Seller shall not act or omit to act, and shall cause
the Acquired Entities not to act or omit to act, otherwise than in accordance
with the following:   (i) None of the Acquired Entities shall amend its
Constituent Documents;   (ii) No change shall be made in the number of
shares of authorized or issued capital stock (or other authorized capital) of
any of the Acquired Entities; nor shall any option, warrant, call, right,
commitment or agreement of any character be granted or made by any of the
Acquired Entities relating to the capital stock or other securities of such
Acquired Entity; nor shall any of the Acquired Entities issue, grant or sell
any securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for shares of
its capital stock, nor shall Seller enter into or permit any of the Acquired
Entities to enter into any other agreement with respect to any capital stock
of such Acquired Entity or any security convertible into or relating to any
capital stock of any of the Acquired Entities;   (iii) AHS shall not
declare or pay dividends or make any other distributions in respect of its
capital stock;   (iv) Seller shall not make or change any election, change
an annual accounting period, adopt or change any accounting method, file
any amended Tax Return, enter into any closing agreement, settle any Tax
claim or assessment relating to the Acquired Entities, surrender any right to
claim a refund of Taxes, consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation
period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment relating to the Acquired
Entities, or take any other similar action relating to the filing of any Tax
Return or the payment of any Tax, if such election, adoption, change,
amendment, agreement, settlement, surrender, consent or other action would
have the effect of materially increasing the Tax liability of the Acquired
Entities for any period ending after the Closing Date or decreasing any Tax
attribute of the Acquired Entities existing on the Closing Date; provided,
however, that notwithstanding this clause (iv), the Acquired Entities shall
be permitted prior to Closing to (x) file amended income tax returns for
their 2002 and 2003 taxable years in order to deduct certain transaction
costs not previously deducted for such years, (y) file for a quick refund of
overpayments of estimated taxes made by the Acquired Entities with respect to
their 2004 taxable year and (z) carry back net operating losses incurred by
the Acquired Entities in their 2004 taxable year to obtain a refund of taxes
paid by the Acquired Entities with respect to their 2002 taxable year
(provided, that Seller shall submit a draft of any such amended Tax Returns
to Purchaser for its review and comment at least twenty (20) days prior to
the due date of such amended Tax Returns); and   (v) Except for borrowing
arrangements incurred pursuant to physician agreements entered into in the
ordinary course of business, the Acquired Entities will not (A) incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money, other than intercompany indebtedness that
will be forgiven at the Closing in accordance with Section 5.11 hereof; (B)
assume, guaranty, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible for the
obligations of any Person other than another Acquired Entity; (C) make any
loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other
Person; or (D) make any commitments to do any of the foregoing.  
30     (b) Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts not to act
or omit to act, and shall cause the Acquired Entities to use
commercially reasonable efforts not to act or omit to act, otherwise than in
accordance with the following:   (i) The business operations, activities
and practices of the Acquired Entities shall be conducted consistent with the
ordinary course of business and in conformity with past practice, including
keeping the insurance policies covering the Acquired Entities in full force
and effect;   (ii) The respective business organizations of the
Acquired Entities shall be preserved intact, and the services of the present
employees, agents and representatives of the Acquired Entities shall be kept
available for Purchaser (except with respect to those employees or
relationships terminated for cause); and   (iii) The relationships with,
and the goodwill of, the customers and employees of the Acquired Entities and
others having business relations with the Acquired Entities shall be
preserved.   5.3 Employee Matters. Pending the Closing, except as otherwise
consented to or approved in writing by an authorized officer of Purchaser or
as otherwise provided in Schedule 5.3 hereto, Seller shall cause the Acquired
Entities not to (a) make any increase in the rate of compensation payable to
any of the employees of the Acquired Entities or the employees of AHS
Management Company, Inc. listed on Schedule 6.5 other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, (b) increase severance or
termination obligations to any of such employees (other than as a result of
compensation increases as provided above and in compliance with applicable
Law), (c) enter into any employment, consulting, severance or termination
agreement with any such employees (other than physicians in the ordinary
course of business), or (d) except as provided in this Section 5.3, amend or
terminate any Company Plan, with respect to the benefits provided to such
employees, or adopt or enter into any new plan or agreement that would be a
Company Plan if it existed on the date of the Original Agreement.
Notwithstanding clause (d) of the preceding sentence, Seller reserves the
right to amend each of the Company Plans and transfer the plan sponsorship
and administrative duties of the Company Plans to one of Seller\'s Affiliates
which is not one of the Acquired Entities and, to the extent necessary, to
make any other amendment that may be required to comply with ERISA or the
Code.   5.4 Access by Purchaser. Subject to the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement, between the date of this Agreement and the Closing
Date, to the extent permitted by Law, Seller will provide Purchaser and its
counsel, accountants and other representatives with reasonable access during
normal business hours, to all of the assets, properties, facilities,
employees, agents, accountants and Books and Records of any Acquired Entity
and will furnish or make available to Purchaser and such representatives
during such period all such information and data (including, without
limitation, copies of the Contracts) concerning the business, operations or
affairs of any Acquired Entity in the possession of Seller or any Acquired
Entity or under its control as Purchaser or such representatives reasonably
may request; provided, however, such investigation shall be coordinated
through persons as may be designated in writing by Seller for such purpose.
Purchaser\'s right of access and inspection shall be made in such a manner as
not to interfere unreasonably with the operation of the Acquired Entities. In
this regard, Purchaser agrees that such inspection shall not take place, and
no employees or other personnel of the Acquired Entities shall be contacted
by Purchaser\'s representatives, without first coordinating such contact or
inspection with any of the officers of Seller or their designee.   5.5
Financial Statements and Reports. As soon as practicable following the end of
each month from and after the date hereof and prior to the Closing
Date, Seller will deliver to Purchaser   31    true and complete copies
of the unaudited balance sheets and the related unaudited statements of
income of the Company (on a consolidated basis) for each month then ended,
which financial statements shall have been prepared from and in accordance
with the Books and Records of the Company, and which shall fairly present, in
all material respects, the financial position and results of operations of
the Company, as of the date and for the period indicated.   5.6 Closing
Conditions. Seller will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each
of the conditions set forth in Article VII to be satisfied as soon as
reasonably practicable.   5.7 Transfer of Assets. From and after the date
hereof and until the Closing, Seller shall cause the Acquired Entities not to
sell or dispose of any of their assets or properties without the prior
written consent of Purchaser, except for (a) dispositions contemplated by the
Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction, or (b) dispositions or sales of
inventory or obsolete equipment in the ordinary course of business.   5.8
Encumbrances. From and after the date hereof and until the Closing, Seller
shall not cause or permit the Acquired Entities to enter into or assume any
mortgage, pledge, conditional sale or other title retention agreement
or permit any Lien to attach upon any of the assets of any Acquired Entity,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except for Permitted Liens and Liens
under the Credit Agreement (which Liens shall be released at Closing).  
5.9 Condition of Assets. From and after the date hereof and until
the Closing, Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts, and shall
cause the Acquired Entities to use commercially reasonable efforts, to
maintain and keep in good order, subject to ordinary wear and tear, all Real
Property, inventory, machinery, equipment and other tangible personal
property owned or leased by the Acquired Entities and used in connection with
the operation of the businesses of the Acquired Entities.   5.10
Intercompany Accounts. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,
including without limitation Section 2.2, and except as otherwise provided in
Schedule 5.10, at or prior to the Closing, (a) all indebtedness and other
amounts (i) owed by Seller, or any of its Affiliates (other than an Acquired
Entity) to an Acquired Entity or (ii) owed by an Acquired Entity to Seller or
any of its Affiliates (other than an Acquired Entity) shall be paid, canceled
or eliminated (whether or not then due), and (b) all Liens relating to any of
the aforesaid indebtedness or amounts shall be canceled and shall
be discharged of record and (c) all arrangements calling for the transfer of
funds by any Acquired Entity in connection with Seller\'s cash management
program shall be terminated as of the Closing.   5.11 Exclusivity. From the
date hereof until the Closing, Seller agrees that neither Seller nor any
Affiliate thereof nor any of their respective officers, directors or
representatives will, (a) negotiate with any Persons (other than Purchaser
and its Affiliates) with respect to a sale, merger, consolidation,
reorganization or other business combination pursuant to which the stock,
assets or business of any Acquired Entity would be combined with that of, or
sold to, any acquirer or any other business or entity (except as contemplated
by Section 2.2); (b) solicit or respond to any Acquisition Proposals; (c)
furnish any information with respect to the business, activities, operations,
assets or liabilities of the Acquired Entities, or other similar matters, to
any Person whatsoever (other than to Lender and the lenders in connection
with the financing contemplated by the Commitment Letter or as otherwise
described in this Agreement) with respect to the foregoing; nor (d) proceed
or continue with negotiations in respect of the foregoing which may be in
progress as of the date of this Agreement.   5.12 Resignations. Seller shall
obtain the written resignations of all directors and officers of the Acquired
Entities as are requested by Purchaser not less than ten (10) days in advance
of the Closing, such resignations to be effective as of the Effective Time.
To the extent that any such officer   32    or director is also an
employee of an Acquired Entity, such resignation shall be applicable only to
the person\'s position as an officer or director and not to such person\'s
employment.   5.13 Company Plans. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, Seller shall, upon request by Purchaser, at the Closing (i) fully
vest the employees of the Acquired Entities in their accounts in the Company
Plans that are intended to be tax-qualified plans described in Code Section
401(a), and (ii) as soon as administratively feasible after Closing, transfer
the accounts of the employees of the Acquired Entities in the Company Plans
that are intended to qualify under section 125, 129, and 401(a) of the Code
to corresponding plans maintained by Purchaser or its Affiliates. Prior to
the date of any such transfer, Purchaser agrees to provide copies of any such
recipient plans to the plan administrator of each of the Company Plans
involved in any such transfer and to enter into a plan-to-plan transfer
agreement with such plan administrator, on terms reasonably acceptable to the
plan administrator, and to make reasonable assurances regarding the handling
of the transferred funds in such agreement in order to preserve the qualified
status of the transferee plan involved with such transfer. If Purchaser does
not request such a transfer of the accounts of the employees of the Acquired
Entities in the Company Plans intended to be qualified under Section 401(a),
such employees shall have the right to receive a distribution of their
accounts in such Company Plans following the Closing.   5.14 Non-
Competition Agreement. Seller shall execute and deliver to Purchaser the Non-
Competition Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 5.14 (the "Non-
Competition Agreement").   5.15 Notice of Certain Occurrences. Seller will
notify Purchaser promptly in writing of, and contemporaneously will provide
Purchaser with true and complete copies of any and all material information
or documents relating to, any event, transaction or circumstance occurring
prior to or after the date hereof of which Seller has Knowledge that causes
or would cause any covenant or agreement of Seller under this Agreement to be
breached, or that renders or would render untrue any representation or
warranty of Seller contained in this Agreement as if such representation or
warranty were made on or as of the date of such event, transaction or
circumstance.   5.16 Amendment of Management Agreements. Seller shall use
its best efforts to cause (i) that certain Management Services Agreement
between BHC Management Services of Louisiana, LLC and AHS Summit Hospital,
LLC, dated January 6, 2004, and (ii) that certain Management Services
Agreement between BHC Management Services of New Mexico, LLC and AHS
Albuquerque Regional Medical Center, LLC, dated February 4, 2003, to be
amended to provide that such agreements will not be terminated without cause
by AHS Summit Hospital, LLC or AHS Albuquerque Regional Medical Center, LLC,
respectively; provided, however, that, in the event Purchaser owns or
controls a behavioral health care hospital or behavioral residential
treatment center located within fifty (50) miles of such facilities, the
agreements may be terminated without cause.   5.17 Canyon Ridge Acquisition.
In the event Seller consummates its proposed acquisition of the assets of
Canyon Ridge Hospital from Inland Mental Health Associates, Inc. and the real
property used in the operation of such business, the Seller Cash Payment
shall be increased, as directed by Seller prior to the Closing Date, by the
amount of consideration paid by Seller in such acquisition, net of any
assumed long-term debt, plus reasonable costs and fees associated therewith,
as set forth on Schedule 5.17.   33     ARTICLE VI  COVENANTS OF
PURCHASER; CERTAIN ADDITIONAL  COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES   6.1 Notice of
Certain Occurrences. Purchaser will notify Seller promptly in writing of, and
contemporaneously will provide Seller with true and complete copies of any
and all material information or documents relating to, any event, transaction
or circumstance occurring prior to or after the date hereof of
which Purchaser has Knowledge that causes or would cause any covenant or
agreement of Purchaser under this Agreement to be breached, or that renders
or would render untrue any representation or warranty of Purchaser contained
in this Agreement as if such representation or warranty were made on or as of
the date of such event, transaction or circumstance.   6.2 Regulatory
Approvals. Purchaser will (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain,
as promptly as practicable, all Permits that are or should be listed in
Schedule 6.2 hereto (other than those that have been obtained prior to the
date hereof) and to make the filings and declarations with
Governmental Authorities that are or should be listed in Schedule 6.2 hereto
as promptly as practicable after the date hereof (other than those that have
been made prior to the date hereof) (b) provide such information and
communications to applicable Governmental Authorities as is necessary in
connection with the foregoing or in connection with Seller\'s obtaining any
of the Permits or making any filings or declarations with Governmental
Authorities in accordance with Section 5.1 as such Governmental Authorities
or Seller may reasonably request, and (c) cooperate with Seller in obtaining
or making, as soon as practicable, any Permits that Seller is required to
obtain or make pursuant to Section 5.1.   6.3 Books and Records. Until six
(6) months after the later to occur of (a) the final adjudication of any
dispute or investigation involving Taxes arising out of the business,
operations or affairs of the Acquired Entities before the Effective Time, (b)
the final adjudication of any matter for which Seller may be required to
indemnify or hold harmless Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
or (c) the running of applicable statutes of limitations, Purchaser will
maintain all Books and Records of the Acquired Entities that relate to the
pre-Closing business, operations, assets and properties of the Acquired
Entities, and shall give Seller full and complete access during regular
business hours to all such Books and Records to the fullest extent reasonably
required to enable Seller to satisfy its obligations hereunder or under
applicable Law. While as a general matter Purchaser will maintain all Books
and Records of the Acquired Entities, as an interim matter, Seller shall
maintain such Books and Records to the extent necessary to prepare any Pre-
Closing Period Tax Returns. In addition to the following, Purchaser shall
not, without ninety (90) days prior written notification (a
"Destruction Notice") to Seller, destroy any pre-Closing Books and Records of
the Acquired Entities. Following Seller\'s receipt of a Destruction Notice,
if Seller advises Purchaser in writing within such ninety (90) day period,
Purchaser will promptly deliver the applicable Books and Records to
Seller.   6.4 Closing Conditions. Purchaser will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the conditions set forth in Article VIII hereof
to be satisfied as soon as reasonably practicable, but in all circumstances
prior to July 1, 2005.   6.5 Employee Matters.   (a) As of the Effective
Time, the employees of the Acquired Entities shall continue employment with
the Acquired Entities and the employees of AHS Management Company, Inc.
listed on Schedule 6.5 shall be offered employment by Purchaser at the
Acquired Entities in substantially similar positions and at a substantially
similar level of wages and/or salary and without having incurred
a termination of employment or separation from service; provided,
however,   34    such employees meet the pre-employment screening
requirements of Purchaser. Except as may be specifically required by
applicable Law, the Acquired Entities shall not be obligated to continue any
employment relationship with any employee for any specific period of
time.   (b) Purchaser shall provide the employees of the Acquired
Entities and the employees of AHS Management Company, Inc. listed on Schedule
6.5 who commence employment with the Acquired Entities (each, an "Acquired
Entity Employee") with employee benefits that are comparable in the aggregate
to those provided to similarly situated employees of Purchaser (with similar
situations to be determined in light of each such Acquired Entity Employee\'s
new post-transaction responsibilities).   (c) With respect to the benefits
provided pursuant to this Section 6.5, (i) service accrued by Acquired Entity
Employees during employment with an Acquired Entity, Seller or an Affiliate
of Seller (including any predecessor entity) prior to the Effective Time
shall be recognized for all purposes, except for benefit accruals with
respect to defined benefit pension plans, (ii) any and all pre-existing
condition limitations (to the extent such limitations did not apply to a pre-
existing condition under the Company Plan that provided compensable benefits
to such Acquired Entity Employee prior to the Closing Date) and eligibility
waiting periods under any group health plan shall be waived with respect to
such Acquired Entity Employees and their eligible dependents, and (iii)
Acquired Entity Employees shall be given credit for amounts paid under
a Company Plan during the applicable period for purposes of applying
deductibles, co-payments and out-of-pocket maximums as though such amounts
had been paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the employee
welfare plans of Purchaser or an Affiliate of Purchaser in which any Acquired
Entity Employee becomes entitled to participate.   (d) Seller or an
Affiliate of Seller shall retain the Company Plans and any and all
obligations related to the Company Plans, including but not limited to claims
incurred but not paid prior to or as of the Closing Date. As of the Closing
Date, the employees of the Acquired Entities and the employees of AHS
Management Company, Inc. listed on Schedule 6.5 will cease to be eligible
to participate or accrue any additional benefits in any of the Company
Plans.   6.6 WARN Act Compliance; COBRA. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, Seller shall be solely responsible for any and all liability
arising directly or indirectly under the WARN Act, as a result of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement that occur prior to the Effective
Time. Purchaser shall be solely responsible for compliance with the WARN Act
following the Effective Time. Seller acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser
does not assume or agree to discharge any liability of Seller under COBRA
with respect to any current or former employees (and their beneficiaries) of
the Acquired Entities or the employees of AHS Management Company, Inc. who
are terminated prior to the Effective Time. Seller shall retain any and all
liabilities under Section 4980B of the Code and Sections 601 through 608 of
ERISA with respect to all current and former employees (and their
beneficiaries) of the Acquired Entities or the employees of AHS Management
Company, Inc. who are terminated prior to the Effective Time. With respect to
"qualifying events" (as described in Section 4980B(f)(3) of the Code)
occurring after the Effective Time, Purchaser shall be responsible for the
COBRA obligations relating to employees of the AHS Subsidiaries who continue
employment following the Effective Time and the employees of AHS Management
Company, Inc. listed on Schedule 6.5 who commence employment with Purchaser
or the Acquired Entities pursuant to Section 6.5(a).   6.7 Tax Matters.  
(a) Preparation and Filing of Tax Returns; Payment of Taxes.   35    
(i) Seller shall prepare (or cause to be prepared) all Tax Returns required
to be filed by the Acquired Entities for all taxable periods that end on or
prior to the Closing Date (a "Pre-Closing Period") (such Tax Returns, the
"Pre-Closing Period Tax Returns") (provided that Seller shall submit a draft
of any such Pre-Closing Period Tax Return required to be filed by the
Acquired Entities to Purchaser for its review and comment at least
twenty (20) days prior to the due date of such Pre-Closing Period Tax Return
(taking into account valid extensions)). In the event of any disagreement
between Seller and Purchaser as to the proper reporting of any item on any
Pre-Closing Period Tax Return, Seller and Purchaser (after good faith attempt
to resolve such disagreement) shall submit such disagreement to a mutually-
agreed upon public accounting firm whose determination as to the proper
reporting of such item shall be binding on Seller and Purchaser. Seller and
Purchaser shall share equally the costs of such public accounting firm.
Seller shall timely file all such Pre-Closing Period Tax Returns, provided,
however, if any Pre-Closing Period Tax Return is due after the Closing and
Seller is not authorized to file such Pre-Closing Period Tax Return by Law,
Purchaser shall file (or cause to be filed) such Pre-Closing Period Tax
Return as prepared by Seller with the appropriate Governmental Authorities.
Seller shall pay all Taxes due and payable in respect of all Pre-Closing
Periods; provided, however, that if any Pre-Closing Period Tax Return is due
after the Closing and is to be filed (or caused to be filed) by Purchaser,
Seller shall pay (in immediately available funds) all Taxes due and payable
in respect of such Tax Return to Purchaser no later than five (5) days prior
to the due date of such Tax Return.   (ii) Purchaser shall prepare and file
(or cause to be prepared and filed), all Tax Returns required to be filed by
the Acquired Entities for all taxable periods beginning before the Closing
Date and ending after the Closing Date (a "Straddle Period") (such Tax
Returns, the "Straddle Period Tax Returns"). Purchaser shall deliver or cause
to be delivered drafts of all Straddle Period Tax Returns to Seller for its
review and comment at least twenty (20) days prior to the due date of any
such Straddle Period Tax Return (taking into account valid extensions) and
notify Seller of Purchaser\'s calculation of Seller\'s share of the Taxes of
the Acquired Entities for any such Straddle Periods. In the event of any
disagreement between Seller and Purchaser as to the proper reporting of any
item on any Straddle Period Tax Return or calculation of Taxes for such
Straddle Period Tax Return, Seller and Purchaser (after a good faith attempt
to resolve such disagreement) shall submit such disagreement to a mutually-
agreed upon public accounting firm whose determination as to the
proper reporting of such item and calculation of Taxes shall be binding on
Seller and Purchaser. Seller and Purchaser shall share equally the costs of
such public accounting firm. No later than three (3) days prior to the filing
of such Straddle Period Tax Return, Seller shall pay to Purchaser (in
immediately available funds) the amount of Seller\'s share of the Tax
liability for the Straddle Period determined as of such time pursuant to this
Section 6.7(a).   (iii) In order to apportion appropriately any Taxes
relating to a Straddle Period, the parties hereto shall, to the extent
required or permitted under applicable Law, treat the Closing Date as the
last day of the taxable year or period of the Acquired Entities for all Tax
purposes. In any case where applicable Law does not permit the Acquired
Entities to treat the Closing Date as the last day of the taxable year or
period, the portion of any Taxes that are allocable to the portion of the
Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date shall be: (A) in the case of Taxes
that are imposed on a periodic basis, deemed to be the amount of such Taxes
for the entire period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the
number of calendar days in the Straddle Period ending on (and including) the
Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of calendar days in
the entire relevant Straddle Period; and (B) in the case of Taxes not
described in (A) (such as (x) Taxes that are based upon or measured by income
or receipts or imposed in connection with any sale or other transfer or
assignment of property (real or personal, tangible or intangible) and (y)
payroll and similar Taxes), deemed equal to the amount that would be payable
if the taxable year or period ended on the Closing Date; provided, however,
that Purchaser and Seller agree that any real property Taxes of any Acquired
Entity with respect to any Straddle Period shall be the sole responsibility
of Purchaser.   36     (b) Transfer Taxes. Notwithstanding any provision
of this Agreement to the contrary, Seller shall pay all sales, value added,
use, privilege, transfer, documentary, gains, stamp, duties and recording
Taxes and fees (including any penalties, interest or additions)
(collectively, the "Transfer Taxes") imposed upon any party incurred as a
result of the Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction and Seller and Purchaser
shall each pay one-half of the Transfer Taxes imposed upon any party incurred
as a result of the sale of the AHS Shares. Seller and Purchaser agree to
jointly prepare and timely file all necessary Tax Returns and other
documentation with respect to any Transfer Taxes.   (c) Post-Closing Audits
and Other Procedures.   (i) If a notice of deficiency, proposed
adjustment, adjustment, assessment, audit, examination or other
administrative or court proceeding, suit, dispute or other claim (a "Tax
Proceeding") is delivered or sent to or commenced or initiated against any of
the Acquired Entities by any Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes for
which Purchaser is entitled to indemnification from Seller, Purchaser shall
notify Seller in writing of the Tax Proceeding, and shall include a copy of
the relevant Tax Proceeding notice; provided, that the failure by Purchaser
to notify Seller of any such notice shall not release Seller from its
obligations under this Section 6.7 and Section 6.8, except to the extent that
Seller is actually prejudiced by the failure of Purchaser to notify.   (ii)
With respect to Tax Proceedings of or relating to Taxes of any of the
Acquired Entities for any Pre-Closing Period, Seller may, upon written notice
to Purchaser at any time, assume and control the defense of such Tax
Proceeding at its own cost and expense and with its own counsel. If
Seller elects to assume the defense of any such Tax Proceeding,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (A) Seller shall
not enter into any settlement with respect to any such Tax Proceeding without
Purchaser\'s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld; (B) Seller shall keep Purchaser informed of all material
developments and events relating to such Tax Proceeding (including promptly
forwarding copies to Purchaser of any related correspondence sent to any
Governmental Authority); (C) Purchaser shall cooperate fully with Seller and
its Affiliates in Seller\'s defense of such Tax Proceeding; and (D) at its
own cost and expense, Purchaser shall have the right to participate in the
defense of such Tax Proceeding only to the extent that such participation is
not in Seller\'s reasonable judgment detrimental to Seller\'s position in
such Tax Proceeding.   (iii) In connection with the contest of any Tax
Proceeding that relates to (A) any Straddle Period, (B) any taxable period
beginning on or after the Closing Date and (C) any Tax Proceeding that Seller
has the ability to control but does not timely elect to control pursuant to
Section 6.7(c)(ii), such Tax Proceeding shall be controlled by Purchaser (and
Seller shall reimburse Purchaser for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by Purchaser or its Affiliates relating to a Tax Proceeding
described in clause (C)), and Seller agrees to cooperate fully with Purchaser
and its Affiliates in pursuing such contest. Nothing contained herein shall
be construed as limiting Purchaser\'s right to indemnification under Section
6.8.   (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the
procedure for indemnification claims with regard to Taxes of or relating to
the Acquired Entities shall be governed exclusively by this Section 6.7 and
Section 6.8.   (d) Cooperation. Following the Closing, Seller, on the one
hand, and Purchaser and the Acquired Entities, on the other hand, agree to
furnish or cause to be furnished to each other or their respective
representatives, upon request, as promptly as practicable, such information
and assistance (including access to Books and Records) relating to the
Acquired Entities as is reasonably necessary for the preparation of any Tax
Return, claim for refund, audit or similar matter, or the  
37    prosecution or defense of any Tax Proceeding relating to any
proposed adjustment of Taxes. Purchaser, Seller, the Acquired Entities and
their Affiliates shall retain (or cause to be retained) all Books and Records
with respect to Tax matters pertinent to the Acquired Entities relating to
any Pre-Closing Period, Straddle Period or any taxable period beginning on
the Closing Date until the expiration of the relevant statutory period of
limitations for the assessment of Tax.   (e) Termination of Tax
Indemnification Agreements. Seller hereby agrees and covenants that any and
all Tax Indemnification Agreements that may have been entered into by the
Acquired Entities shall be terminated on or before the Closing Date, and no
payments to or from the Acquired Entities pursuant to any such Tax
Indemnification Agreement shall be made after such termination.   (f) Tax
Refunds. Any Tax refunds (including applicable interest thereon) that are
received by Purchaser or the Acquired Entities, and any amounts credited
against Taxes to which Purchaser or the Acquired Entities become entitled,
that relate to taxable periods or portions thereof ending on or before the
Closing Date shall be for the account of Seller, and Purchaser shall notify
Seller of any such refund or the amount of any such credit within ten days
after receipt or entitlement thereto and pay over same to Seller within
ten days after receipt or entitlement thereto. Any such refund or credit
that relates to a Straddle Period shall be allocated between the period of
such Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date and the period of such
Straddle Period beginning after the Closing Date in a manner consistent with
the principles for allocating Taxes between such periods set forth in
Section 6.7(a)(iii). All Tax refunds (including applicable interest thereon)
not otherwise payable to the Seller under this Section 6.7(f) shall be for
the benefit of Purchaser and if received by or otherwise credited to the
Seller or any Affiliate thereof, the Seller shall notify Purchaser of any
such Tax refund or the amount of any such credit within ten days after
receipt or entitlement thereto and pay over same to Purchaser within ten days
after receipt or entitlement thereto. Purchaser agrees to file any Tax refund
claim that Seller reasonably requests Purchaser to file for any period or
portion thereof ending prior to the Closing Date, provided that Seller shall
reimburse Purchaser for the reasonable costs incurred by Purchaser to file
any such claim. Specifically and in the event that such refund claims are not
filed prior to the Closing Date, Seller agrees (x) to file for a refund of
income taxes paid by the Acquired Entities in their 2002 taxable year by
carrying back any net operating losses incurred by the Acquired Entities in
their 2004 taxable year to their 2002 taxable year and (y) to file for a
refund of estimated taxes overpaid by the Acquired Entities with respect to
their 2004 taxable year.   (g) Consolidated Return Principles. The federal
income Tax Returns that include the Acquired Entities for the taxable year
that ends on the Closing Date and the taxable year that begins the day after
the Closing Date shall be prepared in accordance with Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1502-76(b)(1)(ii)(A). In addition, the Acquired Entities will incur
certain expenses with respect to the Tender Offer on the Closing Date,
including the redemption premium that AHS will pay to the holders of the
Senior Subordinated Notes and fees to service providers in connection with
the Tender Offer (the "Tender Offer Expenses"). Purchaser and Seller agree
that the Tender Offer Expenses shall be deducted on the consolidated federal
income Tax Return to be prepared by Seller with respect to the short federal
income taxable year of the Acquired Entities that will end on and include the
Closing Date, and neither Purchaser nor Seller shall take any position for
tax or financial reporting purposes that is inconsistent with the deduction
of the Tender Offer Expenses unless otherwise determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction whose determination is no longer subject to appeal
or further review (it being understood that Seller shall be responsible
for prosecuting and financing any contest relating to such deductibility
after receiving timely notice thereof from Purchaser, and that Purchaser
shall be released from its covenants under this sentence should Seller fail
to do so). Purchaser and Seller further agree that the Acquired Entities
shall become members of the federal income consolidated tax group of which
Purchaser is the common parent on the day after the Closing Date. To the
extent applicable, any state or local income Tax   38    Returns shall
be prepared in accordance with provisions comparable to Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1502-76(b)(1)(ii)(A) under state or local Law.   (h) Survival.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, each of
the provisions set forth in this Section 6.7 and Section 6.8 shall survive
thirty (30) days after the expiration of the applicable statute of
limitations (taking into account all valid extensions) for the applicable
Taxes or Tax Return to which the provision relates; provided, however, in the
event notice of any claim for indemnification under this Agreement shall have
been given within the applicable survival period, the provisions that are the
subject of the indemnification claim shall survive with respect to such
claims until such time as such claim is finally resolved.   (i) Net
Operating Losses. Purchaser and Seller agree that (i) after the Closing Date
the Acquired Entities may have a certain amount of federal "net operating
losses" (within the meaning of Section 172(c) of the Code) attributable to
taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date (the "NOLs"); (ii) such
NOLs will be carried back to Pre-Closing Periods of the Acquired Entities to
the extent possible under applicable Laws to secure a refund of Taxes paid,
or to reduce or eliminate Taxes otherwise payable, with respect to such Pre-
Closing Periods; (iii) to the extent that such NOLs cannot be carried back to
Pre-Closing Periods, such NOLs will be carried forward to taxable periods
beginning after the Closing Date and Purchaser shall utilize such NOLs to the
extent and as promptly as possible under applicable Laws; and (iv) in the
event that Purchaser or its Affiliates recognize a reduction in federal Taxes
with respect to the utilization of such NOLs for a taxable period beginning
after the Closing Date (a "Tax Benefit"): (A) Purchaser shall promptly pay to
Seller the lesser of the amount of such Tax Benefit or the sum of (x)
any federal Taxes paid by Seller or its Affiliates to any Governmental
Authority or to Purchaser or its Affiliates under Section 6.7(a) with respect
to any Pre-Closing Period or any Straddle Period and (y) any federal
Tax indemnification payments made by Seller or its Affiliates under Section
6.8; (B) to the extent that the amount of such Tax Benefit exceeds the
aggregate amount of federal Taxes (or indemnification therefor) that Seller
and its Affiliates have paid under Sections 6.7(a) and 6.8, an amount equal
to such excess may be used to offset any future federal Tax liability (or
indemnification therefor) that Seller or its Affiliates may have under
Section 6.7(a) or 6.8. Purchaser will cooperate with Seller and will provide
Seller with information as Seller may reasonably require to determine whether
Purchaser or its Affiliates have recognized a Tax Benefit with respect to the
NOLs. In the event of any disagreement between Seller and Purchaser as to
whether Purchaser or its Affiliates have recognized a Tax Benefit, Seller and
Purchaser (after a good faith attempt to resolve such disagreement) shall
submit such disagreement to a mutually-agreed upon public accounting firm
whose decision as to the existence and amount of such Tax Benefit shall be
binding on Seller and Purchaser. Seller and Purchaser shall equally share the
costs of such public accounting firm.   6.8 Tax Indemnification. Seller
shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Purchaser from and against any and
all Damages for: (i) Transfer Taxes required to be paid by Seller pursuant to
this Agreement; (ii) Taxes of or imposed upon the Acquired Entities with
respect to any Pre-Closing Periods, and for any Straddle Periods but only
with respect to the portion of such Straddle Period ending on the Closing
Date and as determined in the manner provided in Section 6.7 of this
Agreement; (iii) Taxes imposed on any member of an affiliated, consolidated,
combined or unitary group of which any of the Acquired Entities (or any
predecessor of any Acquired Entity) is or was a member on or prior to the
Closing Date, including under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6
(and corresponding provisions of state, local, or foreign Law), for any
taxable period ending on or before, or that includes, the Closing Date, or as
a transferee or successor, pursuant to any Tax Indemnification Agreement,
or similar contract or arrangement, or otherwise; (iv) Taxes imposed on or
related or attributable to (A) the Excluded Assets, (B) the Excluded
Subsidiaries, (C) the Excluded Subsidiaries Sale Transaction or (D) the
deduction of the Tender Offer Expenses to the extent that the disallowance of
such deduction of the Tender Offer Expenses results in a Tax with respect to
which Purchaser is entitled to indemnification pursuant to clause (ii) of
this Section 6.8 (it being   39    understood that this part (D) is
intentionally duplicative of such clause (ii)); (v) any breach by Seller of
any of the covenants and obligations contained in Section 6.7 of this
Agreement; and (vi) the breach or inaccuracy of the representations and
warranties set forth in Section 3.14 of this Agreement. All amounts payable
or to be paid under this Section 6.8 shall be paid by Seller in immediately
available funds within five (5) Business Days after the receipt of a written
request from Purchaser. The parties hereto agree to treat any payment made
pursuant to this Section 6.8 and Article IX as an adjustment to the Purchase
Price for all Tax purposes, except as required under applicable Law. In no
event shall the indemnities provided for in this Section 6.8 be subject
to the provisions of Article IX of this Agreement.   6.9 Registration of
Resale of Purchaser Shares. Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date,
Purchaser shall file a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the "Registration
Statement") with the SEC to register the offer and resale of the Purchaser
Shares. Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC as soon
as reasonably practicable after filing, and in any event within ninety (90)
days of the Closing Date. In addition, Purchaser shall take commercially
reasonable efforts to keep the Registration Statement effective until Seller
has sold or distributed the Purchaser Shares. Purchaser shall also take any
action required to be taken under any applicable state securities laws in
connection with the issuance of the Purchaser Shares and the offer and resale
by Seller thereof. The Registration Statement shall be prepared, filed and
maintained in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the
Registration Rights Agreement to be entered into between Seller and Purchaser
on or prior to the Closing Date, in substantially the form attached hereto as
Exhibit 6.9 (the "Registration Rights Agreement").   6.10 Public
Announcements. Purchaser and Seller will consult with each other before
issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review, comment upon and
concur with, any press release or other public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and shall not issue any
such press release or make any such public statement prior to such
consultation, except as either party may determine is required by applicable
Law, court process or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with
any national securities exchange.   6.11 Consultative Process. From and
after the date hereof and until the Closing, Purchaser shall designate an
individual or individuals whom Seller may contact during normal business
hours for the purpose of approving actions or transactions for which the
consent of Purchaser is required under this Agreement. The written approval
of a designated individual as contemplated in this Section 6.11 shall
constitute the consent of Purchaser to the transaction or action so approved.
Failure of a designated individual to respond within ten (10) Business Days
of receipt of a written request for such approval shall constitute the
consent of the Purchaser to the transaction or action in question. Unless and
until Purchaser gives written notice to Seller to the contrary, such
designated individuals shall be Brent Turner and Jack Polson, each of whom
shall be contacted by Seller as contemplated by this Section 6.11.   6.12
Redemption of Untendered Notes. If any Untendered Notes exist following the
Closing, then on the Redemption Date, Purchaser shall cause AHS to, pursuant
to the second paragraph of Section 3.07(b) of the Indenture, redeem all the
Untendered Notes in accordance with the terms and procedures set forth in
Sections 3.01 through 3.05 of the Indenture and take any other action
at Seller\'s expense reasonably necessary to effect the complete discharge of
the obligations of AHS and the Guarantors under the Indenture (other than
any continuing obligations to the trustee thereunder that by their terms
remain outstanding following any such discharge). Seller agrees to reimburse
Purchaser for all of Purchaser\'s reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
legal fees and expenses and printing and mailing costs in connection with
such redemption and all fees and expenses of the trustee.   40    
ARTICLE VII  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER   Except as may be
waived by Purchaser, the obligations of Purchaser to purchase the AHS Shares
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on the Closing Date
shall be subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   7.1 Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of Seller set forth in this Agreement (i) to
the extent qualified by Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct and
(ii) to the extent not qualified by Material Adverse Effect shall be true and
correct in all material respects as though made on and as of the Closing Date
(except to the extent such representations speak as of an earlier date, in
which case as of such date.)   7.2 Compliance with Agreement. On and as of
the Closing Date, Seller and AHS shall have performed and complied in all
material respects with each covenant and agreement required by this Agreement
to be performed and complied with by them on or before the Closing Date (and
Seller and AHS shall have complied in all material respects with such
covenants between the date of the Original Agreement and the date hereof to
the extent Seller and AHS were bound by such covenants during such period
pursuant to the Original Agreement).   7.3 Closing Certificates. Seller
shall have delivered to Purchaser a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date
and signed on behalf of Seller and AHS, respectively, by an authorized
officer of each thereof, certifying (a) the fulfillment of the conditions
specified in Sections 7.1 and 7.2 hereof and (b) that the Untendered Note
Amount is the amount of the aggregate Redemption Price for the Untendered
Notes.   7.4 Secretary\'s Certificates. At the Closing, Purchaser shall
have received copies of the following, in each case certified as of the
Closing Date by a Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of Seller and AHS,
respectively:   (a) resolutions of the respective managers or boards of
directors of Seller and AHS authorizing the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the other agreements that Seller or AHS is
required to execute and deliver pursuant to the terms of this Agreement;
and   (b) the signature and incumbency of the respective officers of Seller
and AHS authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement and the
other agreements and certificates that Seller or AHS is required to deliver
on or before the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement.   7.5 Opinion of
Counsel. At the Closing, Purchaser shall have received an opinion, dated the
Closing Date, of Boult Cummings Conners and Berry, PLC, counsel for Seller, as
to matters for which opinions are customarily given in transactions of this
nature. Such opinion may include qualifications and assumptions that are
customary and appropriate with respect to the substance of such opinion.  
7.6 Consents, Authorizations, Etc. All Permits that are or should be
set forth on Schedules 5.1 and 6.2 hereto that are required to be obtained or
given prior to the Closing shall have been obtained or given, and all
applicable waiting periods with respect thereto shall have expired.   7.7
No Action or Proceeding. On the Closing Date, (a) no judgment, order or
decree of any court or other Governmental Authority restraining, enjoining
or otherwise preventing the consummation of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be outstanding, and (b) no action,
suit, investigation or proceeding brought by any Governmental Authority shall
be pending before any court or other Governmental Authority to restrain,
enjoin or otherwise prevent   41    the consummation of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby, which action, suit, investigation or
proceeding, in the reasonable opinion of Purchaser, may result in a decision,
ruling or finding that individually or in the aggregate has materially
impaired, or would reasonably be expected to materially impair, the validity
or enforceability of this Agreement, or on the ability of Purchaser to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.   7.8 Constituent Documents.
Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser true and complete copies of the
respective Constituent Documents of the Acquired Entities.   7.9
Resignation of Boards of Directors and Officers. Each then-current officer
and/or member of the board of directors of any of the Acquired Entities as
requested by Purchaser pursuant to Section 5.12 shall have tendered his
or her written resignation as an officer and/or director to the applicable
Acquired Entity, such resignations to be effective at or before the Effective
Time.   7.10 Good Standing Certificates. At the Closing, Seller shall
have delivered to Purchaser good standing certificates issued with respect to
Seller, AHS and each of the other Acquired Entities issued by the Secretary
of State of the relevant entity\'s state of incorporation or organization.
Each such good standing certificate shall be dated as of a date that is not
more than twenty (20) days prior to the Closing Date.   7.11 Non-Imputation
Endorsements. If Purchaser elects to obtain title commitments for the
issuance of title policies or endorsements on any of the Real Property,
Seller shall have delivered to the title company such affidavits, a form of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 7.11, as may be reasonably acceptable to
Seller in order for the title company to issue non-
imputation endorsements.   7.12 Termination of Guarantees. Except for
guarantees pursuant to physician agreements which have been entered into in
the ordinary course of business, all guarantees (other than guarantees under
the Indenture which will be released upon completion of the Tender Offer
and/or the Redemption of any Untendered Notes) executed by the Acquired
Entities shall have been terminated.   7.13 Non-Competition Agreement.
Seller shall have executed and delivered the Non-Competition Agreement to
Purchaser.   7.14 FIRPTA. Purchaser shall have received from Seller a copy
of a statement, dated not earlier than thirty (30) days before the Closing
Date, issued by Seller that complies with the requirements of Section
1.1445-2(c)(3) of the Treasury Regulations and certifies that Seller is not a
foreign person.   7.15 Waiver of Conditions. Purchaser may waive any
condition of this Article VII to the extent permitted by applicable Law.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the consequences of any knowing waiver
shall be (a) the elimination of the waived condition as a valid basis for
Purchaser to refuse to close the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and (b) the release of Seller from any claim by Purchaser for resulting
injuries and Damages with respect to that waived condition.   ARTICLE
VIII  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF SELLER   Except as may be waived in
writing by Seller, the obligations of Seller to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby on the Closing Date shall be subject to the satisfaction
on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:   42    
8.1 Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all
material respects as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the
extent such representations speak as of an earlier date, in which case as of
such date.)   8.2 Compliance with Agreement. On and as of the Closing Date,
Purchaser shall have performed and complied in all material respects with
each covenant and agreement required by this Agreement to be performed and
complied with by it on or before the Closing Date (and Purchaser shall have
complied in all material respects with such covenants between the date of the
Original Agreement and the date hereof to the extent Purchaser was bound by
such covenants during such period pursuant to the Original Agreement).  
8.3 Closing Certificates. Purchaser shall have delivered to Seller
a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and signed on behalf of Purchaser
by an authorized officer thereof, certifying the fulfillment of the
conditions specified in Sections 8.1 and 8.2 hereof.   8.4 Secretary\'s
Certificate. At the Closing, Seller shall have received copies of the
following, in each case certified as of the Closing Date by a Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary of Purchaser:   (a) resolutions of the board of
directors of Purchaser authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the other agreements that Purchaser is required to execute
and deliver pursuant to the terms of this Agreement;   (b) the signature
and incumbency of the officers of Purchaser authorized to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the other agreements and certificates that Purchaser is
required to deliver on or before the Closing Date pursuant to this
Agreement.   8.5 Opinion of Counsel. At the Closing, Seller shall have
received an opinion, dated the Closing Date, of Waller Lansden Dortch and
Davis, PLLC, counsel for Purchaser, as to matters for which opinions are
customarily given in transactions of this nature. Such opinion may include
qualifications and assumptions that are customary and appropriate with
respect to the substance of such opinion.   8.6 Consents, Authorizations,
Etc. All Permits that are or should be set forth on Schedules 5.1 and 6.2
hereto that are required to be obtained or given prior to the Closing shall
have been obtained or given, and all applicable waiting periods with respect
thereto shall have expired.   8.7 No Action or Proceeding. On the Closing
Date, (a) no judgment, order or decree of any court or other Governmental
Authority restraining, enjoining or otherwise preventing the consummation of
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be outstanding,
and (b) no action, suit, investigation or proceeding brought by any
Governmental Authority shall be pending before any court or other
Governmental Authority or threatened by any Governmental Authority to
restrain, enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of this Agreement or
any of the transactions contemplated hereby, which action,
suit, investigation or proceeding, in the reasonable opinion of Seller, may
result in a decision, ruling or finding that individually or in the aggregate
has materially impaired, or would reasonably be expected to materially
impair, the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, or on the ability
of Seller or AHS to perform their respective obligations under this
Agreement.   8.8 Good Standing Certificate. At the Closing, Purchaser shall
have delivered to Seller a good standing certificate issued with respect to
Purchaser by the Secretary of State of Purchaser\'s   43    state of
incorporation. Such good standing certificate shall be dated as of a date
that is not more than twenty (20) days prior to the Closing Date.   8.9
Registration Rights Agreement. Purchaser shall have executed and delivered
the Registration Rights Agreement to Seller.   8.10 Tender Offer. Not less
than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Subordinated
Notes shall have been tendered in the Tender Offer and the Indenture
Amendments shall have been approved and become effective.   8.11 Waiver of
Conditions. Seller may waive any conditions of this Article VIII to the
extent permitted by applicable Law. Except as otherwise provided herein, the
consequences of any knowing waiver shall be (a) the elimination of the waived
condition as a valid basis for Seller to refuse to close the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and (b) the release of Purchaser from any
claim by Seller for resulting injuries and Damages with respect to
that waived condition.   ARTICLE IX  INDEMNIFICATION   9.1
Indemnification by Seller. Subject to the provisions of this Article IX,
Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser, any Affiliate
of Purchaser, the respective officers, directors, stockholders, employees,
agents and representatives of Purchaser and its Affiliates, and each such
Person\'s respective successors and assigns (each, a "Purchaser Indemnitee")
from and after the Effective Time from and against any Damages incurred or
suffered by such Purchaser Indemnitee as a result of or arising from (a) any
breach, misrepresentation or inaccuracy in any of the representations and
warranties made herein by Seller, other than the representations and
warranties contained in Section 3.14, (b) any breach of any of the covenants
or agreements made herein by Seller, other than the covenants contained in
Sections 6.7 and 6.8, (c) any claims, actions, suits or other proceedings
arising out of any of the Excluded Liabilities and (d) any claims, actions,
suits or other proceedings arising out of the Excluded Subsidiaries Sale
Transaction. The sole recourse of a Purchaser Indemnitee for any and all
Damages relating to or arising from a breach of any of the representations,
covenants or agreements contained in Section 3.14 or Section 6.7 shall be
controlled by the provisions of Section 6.8.   9.2 Indemnification by
Purchaser. Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless Seller, any Affiliate
of Seller, the respective officers, directors, managers, members, employees,
agents and representatives of Seller and their respective Affiliates, and
each such Person\'s respective successors and assigns (each a "Seller
Indemnitee") from and after the Effective Time from and against any Damages
incurred or suffered by such Seller Indemnitee as a result of or arising from
(a) any breach, misrepresentation or inaccuracy in any of the representations
and warranties made herein by Purchaser, (b) any breach of any of the
covenants or agreements made herein by Purchaser, (c) any claims, actions,
suits or other proceedings relating solely to the operations of the Acquired
Entities after the Effective Time and (d) any claims, actions, suits
or proceedings arising out of any post-Closing obligation or action on the
part of the Acquired Entities under any Contract which is not an Excluded
Liability.   9.3 Claims Procedures. In the case of any Damages for
which indemnification is sought hereunder, the party seeking indemnification
(the "Indemnitee") shall promptly notify the party from whom indemnification
is sought (the "Indemnifying Party") in writing of the existence and nature
of such Damages, as well as the claim, demand, action or proceeding, if any,
out of which the Damages arise (a "Claim"); provided, however, that no
failure or delay by the Indemnitee in the performance of the foregoing shall
reduce or otherwise affect the obligation of the Indemnifying Party to
indemnify and hold the Indemnitee harmless, except to the extent the
Indemnitee\'s failure to give or delay in   44    giving the required
notice materially impairs the Indemnifying Party\'s ability to indemnify,
defend or mitigate its Damages, in which case the Indemnifying Party shall
have no obligation to indemnify the Indemnitee to the extent of Damages, if
any, caused by such failure to give or delay in giving the required notice.
If such Damages arise out of a Claim by a third party, the Indemnitee must
give the Indemnifying Party a reasonable opportunity to defend the same
or prosecute such action to conclusion or settlement satisfactory to
the Indemnifying Party at the Indemnifying Party\'s sole cost and expense and
with counsel of its own selection, and the Indemnifying Party shall pay any
resulting settlements (including all associated Damages), satisfy any
judgments or comply with any decrees; provided, further, however, that the
Indemnitee shall at all times also have the right fully to participate in the
defense at Indemnitee\'s sole cost and expense so long as such participation
occurs without hindering or impairing the defense of the Indemnifying Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, without the prior written consent of the
Indemnitee, the Indemnifying Party shall not compromise or settle any Claim
if (i) the terms thereof impose any liability or obligations on the
Indemnitee or (ii) the terms thereof fail to include an unconditional general
release of the Indemnitee with respect to all liabilities and obligations in
respect of such Claim. If the Indemnifying Party shall, within a reasonable
time after said notice, fail to defend, the Indemnitee shall have the right,
but not the obligation, and without waiving any rights against the
Indemnifying Party, to undertake the defense of, and with the consent of the
Indemnifying Party (such consent not to be withheld unreasonably), to
compromise or settle the Claim on behalf, for the account, and at the risk
and expense, of the Indemnifying Party and shall be entitled to collect the
amount of any settlement or judgment or decree and all costs and expenses
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees) in connection
therewith from the Indemnifying Party. Except as provided in the preceding
sentence, the Indemnitee shall not compromise or settle any Claim.   9.4
Limitations on Claims.   (a) Liability Thresholds. Notwithstanding anything
in this Article IX to the contrary, no Damages with respect to Claims arising
out of this Article IX shall be payable pursuant to this Article IX unless
and until the aggregate amount of Damages asserted against the Indemnifying
Party under this Article IX with respect to such Claims equals or exceeds an
amount equal to $5,000,000.00 (the "Liability Threshold"). Once the Liability
Threshold for such Claims has been reached, the Indemnitee shall be entitled
to indemnity under this Article IX for any and all Damages exceeding the
Liability Threshold; provided, however, that with respect to Claims for
indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1(a), 9.1(b), 9.2(a) or 9.2(b), the
aggregate amount of each of Seller\'s and Purchaser\'s respective liability
under Article IX shall not exceed $84,000,000.00. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Seller\'s or Purchaser\'s liability for
Claims for indemnification pursuant to Sections 9.1(c), 9.1(d), 9.2(c) or
9.2(d) shall not be subject to any Liability Threshold, liability cap or time
limitation (other than limitations imposed by Law or common law).   (b)
Subrogation. Following full indemnification as provided for hereunder, the
Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnitee with
respect to all Persons relating to the matter for which indemnification has
been made.   (c) Survival of Representations and Warranties; Limitation of
Time to Bring Claims. The representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement shall survive the Closing and shall expire eighteen (18) months
after the Effective Time, other than those set forth in Section 3.14 which
shall survive until thirty (30) days after the expiration of the applicable
statute of limitations (taking into account all valid extensions). No Claim
for indemnification arising out of a breach of representations and warranties
in this Agreement may be brought after the applicable time provided for in
this Section 9.4(c).   45     9.5 Insured Losses. The amount of any
Damages for which indemnification is provided under this Article IX shall be
net of any duplicative amounts recovered by the Indemnitee under insurance
policies or from unaffiliated third Persons with respect to such Damages.  
ARTICLE X  TERMINATION   10.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Effective Time:   (a) by mutual written consent of
Purchaser and Seller;   (b) by either Purchaser or Seller, by notice in
writing to the other party if a Governmental Authority shall have permanently
enjoined, restrained or otherwise prohibited the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (c) by either Seller or
Purchaser if the Closing shall not have occurred by August 31, 2005;
provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this
Section 10.1(c) shall not be available to any party whose breach of its
representations and warranties in this Agreement or whose failure to perform
any of its covenants and agreements under this Agreement shall have been a
contributing cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on
or before such date;   (d) by Purchaser, if Seller or AHS shall have
breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this
Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (a) would give rise to the
failure of a condition set forth in Sections 7.1 or 7.2, and (b) cannot be or
has not been cured within ten (10) Business Days after Purchaser\'s giving
written notice to Seller of such breach (a "Seller Material Breach")
(provided that Purchaser is not then in Purchaser Material Breach); or  
(e) by Seller, if Purchaser shall have breached or failed to perform in any
material respect any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to
perform (a) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
Sections 8.1 or 8.2, and (b) cannot be or has not been cured within ten (10)
Business Days after Seller\'s giving written notice to Purchaser of such
breach (a "Purchaser Material Breach") (provided that Seller is not then in
Seller Material Breach).   10.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of
termination of this Agreement by either Seller or Purchaser pursuant to
Section 10.1, this Agreement shall become void and have no effect without any
liability or obligation on the part of Purchaser or Seller, except for the
obligations and provisions set forth in Sections 10.2, 12.1, 12.6, 12.7, 12.8
and 12.12. Moreover, in the event of termination of this Agreement pursuant
to Section 10.1(c), (d) or (e), nothing herein shall prejudice the ability of
the non-breaching party from seeking damages from any other party for any
breach of this Agreement, including without limitation, attorneys\' fees and
the right to pursue any remedy at law or in equity.   ARTICLE XI 
NOTICES   11.1 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in
person or received by telegraphic or other electronic means (including
facsimile, telecopy and telex) or when delivered by overnight courier, or if
mailed, five (5) days after being deposited in the United States mail,
certified or registered mail,   46    first-class postage prepaid,
return receipt requested, to the parties at the following addresses or
facsimile numbers:   If to Seller, to:   Ardent Health Services LLC  One
Burton Hills Boulevard, Suite 250  Nashville, Tennessee 37215  Attention:
David T. Vandewater  Fax: (615) 296-6001   With copies to:   Boult
Cummings Conners and Berry, PLC  Suite 700  1600 Division Street  Nashville,
Tennessee 37203  Attention: Stephen T. Braun, Esq.  Fax: (615) 252-6300  
If to Purchaser, to:   Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.  840 Crescent Centre
Drive, Suite 460  Franklin, Tennessee 37067  Attention: Joey A. Jacobs 
Fax: (615) 312-5711  With a copy to:   Waller Lansden Dortch and Davis,
PLLC  Nashville City Center  511 Union Street, Suite 2700  Nashville,
Tennessee 37219  Attention: Christopher L. Howard, Esq.  Fax: (615)
244-6804   Any party from time to time may change its address or facsimile
number for the purpose of receipt of notices to that party by giving a
similar notice specifying a new address or facsimile number to the other
notice parties listed above in accordance with the provisions of this Section
11.1.   ARTICLE XII  MISCELLANEOUS   12.1 Fees and Expenses. Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, Seller shall pay its own expenses
(including, without limitation, the expenses of the Acquired Entities in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
incurred prior to the Effective Time) and Purchaser shall pay its own
expenses (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of the Lender
in connection with this Agreement, and also including those of the Acquired
Entities in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby incurred after the Effective Time) in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Purchaser shall be responsible for the costs of any surveys, title  
47    policies, environmental surveys and any audits of the Company\'s
financial statements required in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby. Purchaser shall pay the fees and expenses,
including counsel fees and filing fees, with respect to the preparation and
filing of its notifications under the HSR Act. Further, and notwithstanding
the foregoing, Purchaser will bear all reasonable costs and expenses,
including attorneys\' fees of all parties, resulting from or relating to any
investigation or challenge of the transactions contemplated hereby initiated
by the United States Federal Trade Commission, the United States Department
of Justice or the Attorney General of any state on, prior to or after the
Closing under antitrust or similar laws, including reasonable costs and
expenses resulting from or relating to any "second request" issued in
connection with the parties\' HSR Act filings made in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby.   12.2 Entire Agreement. Except for
documents and agreements executed pursuant hereto, the provisions of the
Confidentiality Agreement (which Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the
parties\' execution and delivery of this Agreement) and the other documents
and agreements contemplated hereby, this Agreement supersedes all prior oral
discussions and written agreements between the parties with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement (including any term sheet or similar
agreement or document relating to the transactions contemplated hereby).
Except for the Confidentiality Agreement, this Agreement, including the
exhibits and schedules hereto and other documents and agreements delivered in
connection herewith, contains the sole and entire agreement between the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.   12.3 Waiver. Any
term or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the party
which is entitled to the benefit thereof. Any such waiver must be in writing
and must be duly executed by such party. A waiver on one occasion shall not
be deemed to be a waiver of the same or any other breach, provision
or requirement on any other occasion.   12.4 Amendment. This Agreement may
be modified or amended only by a written instrument duly executed by each of
the parties hereto.   12.5 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This
Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one
and the same instrument. Facsimile signatures on this Agreement shall be
deemed to be original signatures for all purposes.   12.6 No Third Party
Beneficiary. The terms and provisions of this Agreement are intended solely
for the benefit of Seller, Purchaser and their respective successors or
assigns, and it is not the intention of the parties to confer third party
beneficiary rights upon any other Person.   12.7 GOVERNING LAW,
CONSTRUCTION. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE. The parties hereto agree that no
provisions of this Agreement or any related document shall be construed for
or against or interpreted to the advantage or disadvantage of any party
hereto by any court or other Governmental Authority by reason of any party\'s
having or being deemed to have structured or drafted such provision, each
party having participated equally in the structuring and drafting hereof.  
12.8 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns, including successors by merger or otherwise.   12.9 No Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any right hereunder or part hereof may be assigned
by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties
hereto; provided, however, that Seller and AHS, on the one hand, and
Purchaser, on the other hand, may   48    assign their respective rights
and obligations under this Agreement to other Persons who (a) are wholly-
owned (directly or indirectly) by Seller or Purchaser, respectively, and (b)
agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may assign its rights and
obligations under this Agreement to the administrative agent for the benefit
of the lenders as collateral for all obligations under Purchaser\'s senior
credit facility, as it may exist from time to time. Notwithstanding
the assignment of this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder,
the assignor shall be jointly and severally liable with its assignee for
its obligations hereunder.   12.10 Headings, Gender, Etc. The headings used
in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience and do not constitute
provisions to be construed or interpreted in connection with this Agreement.
Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (a) words of any
gender will be deemed to include each other gender, (b) words using the
singular or plural number also will include the plural or singular number,
respectively, (c) the terms "hereof", "herein", "hereby" and derivative or
similar words will refer to this entire Agreement, and (d) the terms
"Article," "Section," "Schedule" and "Exhibit" will refer to the specified
Article or Section of this Agreement or the specified Schedule or Exhibit to
this Agreement.   12.11 Access to Information. Seller and Purchaser agree
that, from time to time after the Closing, upon the reasonable request of
another party hereto, they will cooperate and will cause its respective
subsidiaries to cooperate with each other to effect the orderly transition of
the business, operations and affairs of the Acquired Entities. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) Seller will give and will cause
its subsidiaries to give representatives of the Acquired Entities reasonable
access to all Books and Records of Seller reasonably requested by the
Acquired Entities or Purchaser in the preparation of any post-Closing
financial statements, reports or Tax Returns of the Acquired Entities; and
(b) Purchaser will give and will cause the Acquired Entities to give
representatives of Seller reasonable access to all Books and Records of the
Acquired Entities reasonably requested by Seller in the preparation of any
post-Closing financial statements, reports or Tax Returns of Seller.  
12.12 Severability; Invalid Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement is
held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any present or future
Law, (a) such provisions will be fully severable; (b) this Agreement will
be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable
provision had never comprised a part hereof; (c) the remaining provisions of
this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and will not be affected
by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance
herefrom; and (d) in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable
provision, there will be added automatically as a part of this Agreement a
legal, valid and enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal,
invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible.   12.13 Cooperation.
Upon request, each of the parties hereto shall cooperate with the other in
good faith, at the requesting party\'s expense, in furnishing information,
testimony and other assistance in connection with any actions, proceedings,
arrangements, or disputes involving any of the parties hereto (other than in
a dispute among such parties or entities) and based upon contracts,
arrangements or acts of Seller, AHS, or the Acquired Entities which were in
effect or occurred prior to the Effective Time and which relate to
the business of the Acquired Entities. Purchaser shall cause the Acquired
Entities to provide any information or documents reasonably requested by
Seller in connection with Tax or other disputes, settlements, investigations,
proceeding or other matters in respect of any period ending at or prior to
the Effective Time. The party requesting documents or information pursuant to
this Section shall pay all fees and expenses paid to unaffiliated third
parties by the party providing such documents or information in connection
with providing such information or document. In addition, following the
Closing, the parties hereto shall cooperate fully with each other and make
available to the other, as reasonably requested, and to any taxing authority,
all   49    information, records, documents relating to Tax liabilities
or potential Tax liabilities and Tax basis of the Acquired Entities, and
shall preserve all such information, records and documents at least until the
expiration of any applicable statute of limitations or extensions
thereof.   12.14 Further Assurance Clause. On and after the Closing Date,
Seller, the Acquired Entities and Purchaser will take all appropriate action
and execute all documents, instruments or conveyances of any kind which may
be reasonably necessary or advisable to carry out any of the provisions
hereof, including, without limitation, putting Purchaser in possession and
operating control of the business of the Acquired Entities.   12.15
Schedules and Other Instruments. Each Schedule and Exhibit to this Agreement
shall be considered a part hereof as if set forth herein in full. Seller and
Purchaser shall each have the right through two (2) business days prior to
the Closing Date to supplement the Schedules prepared by it, other
than Schedule 6.5 which cannot be amended or supplemented without the written
consent of Purchaser and Seller, so that the representations and warranties
shall be true and correct as of the Closing; provided that such supplemental
disclosure shall, in the aggregate, taken together with the Schedules
accompanying this Agreement when first executed (the "Original Schedules"),
not disclose any state of affairs having, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect not disclosed on the Original Schedules. In the event
that such supplemental disclosures reflect a state of affairs having,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, then the
condition in Section 7.1 or Section 8.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed
not to be satisfied. For purposes of this Section 12.15, when determining
whether the supplemental disclosure has a Material Adverse Effect on
Purchaser, there shall be a substitution of the term "Purchaser and its
subsidiaries" for the phrase "Acquired Entities" in the definition of
Material Adverse Effect.   [THE FOLLOWING PAGE IS THE SIGNATURE PAGE.]  
50     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Stock Purchase
Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.   PSYCHIATRIC
SOLUTIONS, INC.   By: /s/ Joey A. Jacobs  ------------------------  Name:
Joey A. Jacobs  Title: President and Chief  Executive Officer   ARDENT
HEALTH SERVICES LLC   By: /s/ Stephen C. Petrovich 
------------------------  Name: Stephen C. Petrovich  Title: Senior Vice
President   ARDENT HEALTH SERVICES, INC.   By: /s/ Stephen C. Petrovich 
------------------------  Name: Stephen C. Petrovich  Title: Senior Vice
President    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   by and among   ARDENT
HEALTH SERVICES LLC,   ARDENT HEALTH SERVICES, INC.   and   PSYCHIATRIC
SOLUTIONS, INC.   Dated as of June 30,
2005  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
TABLE OF CONTENTS     Page  ----  ~~  ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS................................................................
1  ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE;
CLOSING................................................ 9  2.1 Sale of the
AHS Shares............................................. 9  2.2 Excluded
Assets and Liabilities; Certain Included Liabilities...... 9  2.3 Purchase
Price..................................................... 10  2.4 Loan
Amount........................................................ 10  2.5
Closing............................................................ 10  2.6
Closing Deliveries................................................. 10  2.7
Repayment of Seller Promissory Note................................
10  ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
SELLER................................. 11  3.1 Organization of
Seller............................................. 11  3.2 Organization and
Capitalization of AHS............................. 11  3.3 Organization and
Capitalization of the AHS Subsidiaries............ 11  3.4
Authorization...................................................... 12  3.5
No Conflicting Agreements; Consents................................ 13  3.6
Financial Statements............................................... 13  3.7
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities................................. 14  3.8
Absence of Certain Changes......................................... 14  3.9
Legal Proceedings, etc............................................. 15  3.10
Contracts; No Defaults............................................. 15  3.11
Title to Property.................................................. 16  3.12
Employees; Labor Matters; Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA............ 17  3.13
Bank Accounts...................................................... 19  3.14
Taxes.............................................................. 19  3.15
Insurance.......................................................... 21  3.16
Intellectual Property.............................................. 21  3.17
Compliance with Laws............................................... 21  3.18
Environmental Matters.............................................. 22  3.19
Books and Records.................................................. 22  3.20
No Material Adverse Change......................................... 22  3.21
Brokers............................................................ 22  3.22
HIPAA Matters...................................................... 22  3.23
Medical Waste...................................................... 23  3.24
Certificates of Need............................................... 23  3.25
Medicare Participation; Accreditation.............................. 24  3.26
Compliance Program................................................. 24  3.27
Regulatory Compliance.............................................. 24  3.28
Medical Staff Matters.............................................. 25   
i      ~~   3.29 Third Party Payor Cost
Reports..................................... 25  3.30
Reimbursement...................................................... 26  3.31
Statutory Funds.................................................... 26  3.32
Investment Representations......................................... 26  3.33
Controlled Substances..............................................
26  ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
PURCHASER............................... 27  4.1
Organization....................................................... 27  4.2
Corporate Authorization............................................ 27  4.3
Capitalization..................................................... 27  4.4
No Conflicting Agreements; Consents................................ 27  4.5
Legal Proceedings, etc............................................. 28  4.6
Brokers............................................................ 28  4.7
Investment Representations......................................... 28  4.8
SEC Filings; Financial Statements.................................. 28  4.9
Financing.......................................................... 29  4.10
No Material Adverse Change.........................................
29  ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF
SELLER........................................................ 29  5.1
Regulatory Approvals............................................... 29  5.2
Conduct Prior to the Closing....................................... 30  5.3
Employee Matters................................................... 31  5.4
Access by Purchaser................................................ 31  5.5
Financial Statements and Reports................................... 31  5.6
Closing Conditions................................................. 32  5.7
Transfer of Assets................................................. 32  5.8
Encumbrances....................................................... 32  5.9
Condition of Assets................................................ 32  5.10
Intercompany Accounts.............................................. 32  5.11
Exclusivity........................................................ 32  5.12
Resignations....................................................... 32  5.13
Company Plans...................................................... 33  5.14
Non-Competition Agreement.......................................... 33  5.15
Notice of Certain Occurrences...................................... 33  5.16
Amendment of Management Agreements.................................
33  ARTICLE VI COVENANTS OF PURCHASER; CERTAIN ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE
PARTIES....... 34  6.1 Notice of Certain
Occurrences...................................... 34  6.2 Regulatory
Approvals............................................... 34  6.3 Books and
Records.................................................. 34  6.4 Closing
Conditions................................................. 34  6.5 Employee
Matters................................................... 34  6.6 WARN Act
Compliance; COBRA......................................... 35  6.7 Tax
Matters........................................................ 35   
ii      ~~   6.8 Tax
Indemnification................................................ 39  6.9
Registration of Resale of Purchaser Shares......................... 40  6.10
Public Announcements............................................... 40  6.11
Consultative Process............................................... 40  6.12
Redemption of Untendered Notes.....................................
40  ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF
PURCHASER................................... 41  7.1 Representations and
Warranties..................................... 41  7.2 Compliance with
Agreement.......................................... 41  7.3 Closing
Certificates............................................... 41  7.4
Secretary\'s Certificates........................................... 41  7.5
Opinion of Counsel................................................. 41  7.6
Consents, Authorizations, Etc...................................... 41  7.7
No Action or Proceeding............................................ 41  7.8
Constituent Documents.............................................. 42  7.9
Resignation of Boards of Directors and Officers.................... 42  7.10
Good Standing Certificates......................................... 42  7.11
Non-Imputation Endorsements........................................ 42  7.12
Termination of Guarantees.......................................... 42  7.13
Non-Competition Agreement.......................................... 42  7.14
FIRPTA............................................................. 42  7.15
Waiver of Conditions...............................................
42  ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF
SELLER..................................... 42  8.1 Representations and
Warranties..................................... 43  8.2 Compliance with
Agreement.......................................... 43  8.3 Closing
Certificates............................................... 43  8.4
Secretary\'s Certificate............................................ 43  8.5
Opinion of Counsel................................................. 43  8.6
Consents, Authorizations, Etc...................................... 43  8.7
No Action or Proceeding............................................ 43  8.8
Good Standing Certificate.......................................... 43  8.9
Registration Rights Agreement...................................... 44  8.10
Tender Offer....................................................... 44  8.11
Waiver of Conditions...............................................
44  ARTICLE IX
INDEMNIFICATION...........................................................
44  9.1 Indemnification by Seller..........................................
44  9.2 Indemnification by Purchaser.......................................
44  9.3 Claims Procedures..................................................
44  9.4 Limitations on Claims..............................................
45  9.5 Insured Losses.....................................................
46  ARTICLE X
TERMINATION................................................................
46  10.1 Termination........................................................
46    iii      ~~   10.2 Effect of
Termination.............................................. 46  ARTICLE XI
NOTICES...................................................................
46  11.1 Notices............................................................
46  ARTICLE XII
MISCELLANEOUS............................................................ 47 
12.1 Fees and Expenses.................................................. 47 
12.2 Entire Agreement................................................... 48 
12.3 Waiver............................................................. 48 
12.4 Amendment.......................................................... 48 
12.5 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures................................. 48 
12.6 No Third Party Beneficiary......................................... 48 
12.7 GOVERNING LAW, CONSTRUCTION........................................ 48 
12.8 Binding Effect..................................................... 48 
12.9 No Assignment...................................................... 48 
12.10 Headings, Gender, Etc.............................................. 49 
12.11 Access to Information.............................................. 49 
12.12 Severability; Invalid Provisions................................... 49 
12.13 Cooperation........................................................ 49 
12.14 Further Assurance Clause........................................... 50 
12.15 Schedules and Other Instruments....................................
50    iv   '

