 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    EXHIBIT
2.1   ================================================================================  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    DATED AS OF APRIL 10, 2002   
BETWEEN    BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.,    AND    BANCORP CONNECTICUT,
INC.       ================================================================================            
TABLE OF CONTENTS   RECITALS   ARTICLE I   CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS        Page No.  -------  ~~  1.01. Certain
Definitions.............................................................1  
ARTICLE II   THE MERGER  2.01. The
Merger......................................................................7 2.02.
Effective Date and Effective Time;
Closing......................................8   ARTICLE III  
CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE PROCEDURES  3.01. Merger
Consideration............................................................9 3.02.
Rights as Shareholders; Stock
Transfers.........................................9 3.03. Dissenting
Shares...............................................................9 3.04.
Exchange
Procedures.............................................................9 3.05.
Company
Options.................................................................11  
ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS PENDING ACQUISITION  4.01. Forbearances of the
Company.....................................................11 4.02.
Forbearances of
Parent..........................................................14   ARTICLE
V   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  5.01. Disclosure
Schedules............................................................15 5.02.
Standard........................................................................15 5.03.
Representations and Warranties of the
Company...................................15 5.04. Representations and
Warranties of
Parent........................................28           ARTICLE
VI   COVENANTS      Page No.  -------  ~~  6.01. Reasonable Best
Efforts.........................................................30 6.02.
Shareholder
Approval............................................................31 6.03.
Securities and Regulatory
Filings...............................................31 6.04. Press
Releases..................................................................32 6.05.
Access;
Information.............................................................32 6.06.
Acquisition
Proposals...........................................................33 6.07.
Certain
Policies................................................................33 6.08.
Indemnification.................................................................34 6.09.
Benefit
Plans...................................................................35 6.10.
Bank
Merger.....................................................................37 6.11.
Parent
Sub......................................................................37 6.12.
Advisory
Board..................................................................37 6.13.
Charitable
Contributions........................................................37 6.14.
Noncompetition Agreement; Employment
Agreement..................................37 6.15. Notification of Certain
Matters.................................................37   ARTICLE VII  
CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER  7.01. Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation to Effect the Merger......................38 7.02. Conditions to
Obligation of the Company.........................................38 7.03.
Conditions to Obligations of
Parent.............................................39   ARTICLE VIII  
TERMINATION 8.01.
Termination.....................................................................39 8.02.
Effect of Termination and
Abandonment...........................................41   ARTICLE IX  
MISCELLANEOUS  9.01.
Survival........................................................................42 9.02.
Waiver;
Amendment...............................................................42 9.03.
Counterparts....................................................................42 9.04.
Governing
Law...................................................................42 9.05.
Expenses........................................................................42 9.06.
Notices.........................................................................43 9.07.
Entire Understanding; No Third Party
Beneficiaries..............................43     ii        ~~
 9.08.
Severability....................................................................44 9.09.
Enforcement of the
Agreement....................................................44 9.10.
Interpretation..................................................................44 9.11.
Assignment......................................................................44 9.12.
Alternative
Structure...........................................................44  ANNEX
A Form of Shareholder Agreement ANNEX B Form of Noncompetition Agreement
between Parent and Robert D. Morton ANNEX C Form of Amendment No. 2 to
Employment and Noncompetition Agreement among the  Company, the Company Bank
and Robert D. Morton      iii     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated
as of April 10, 2002 (the "Agreement"), between Banknorth Group, Inc.
("Parent") and Bancorp Connecticut, Inc. (the "Company").   RECITALS   A.
The Company. The Company is a Delaware corporation, having its principal
place of business in Southington, Connecticut.   B. Parent. Parent is a
Maine corporation, having its principal place of business in Portland,
Maine.   C. Board Action. The respective Boards of Directors of each of
Parent and the Company have determined that it is in the best interests of
their respective companies and their shareholders to consummate the
transactions provided for herein.   D. Shareholder Agreements. As a
material inducement to Parent to enter into this Agreement, and
simultaneously with, the execution of this Agreement, each Shareholder (as
defined herein) is entering into an agreement, in the form of Annex A hereto
(collectively, the "Shareholder Agreements"), pursuant to which they have
agreed, among other things, to vote their shares of Company Common Stock in
favor of this Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements
contained herein, the parties agree as follows:    ARTICLE I   CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS   1.01.Certain Definitions. The following terms are used in this
Agreement with the meanings set forth below:   "Acquisition Proposal" has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.06.   "Agreement" means this Agreement,
as amended or modified from time to  time in accordance with Section
9.02.   "Bank Insurance Fund" means the Bank Insurance Fund maintained by
the  FDIC.   "Bank Merger Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.10.   "Bank Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.10.   "Bank
Secrecy Act" means the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended.      
"Benefit Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m).   "Business
Day" means Monday through Friday of each week, except a  legal holiday
recognized as such by the U.S. Government or any day on which  banking
institutions in the State of Maine or the State of Connecticut are 
authorized or obligated to close.   "Certificate" means any certificate
which immediately prior to the  Effective Time represented shares of Company
Common Stock.   "Certificate of Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.02(a).   "Closing" and "Closing Date" have the meanings set forth in
Section  2.02(b).   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.   "Community Reinvestment Act" means the Community Reinvestment Act
of  1977, as amended.   "Company" has the meaning set forth in the preamble
to this Agreement.   "Company Articles" means the Certificate of
Incorporation of the  Company, as amended.   "Company Bank" means
Southington Savings Bank.   "Company Bank Subsidiary" means BCI Financial
Corporation.   "Company Board" means the Board of Directors of the
Company.   "Company Bylaws" means the Bylaws of the Company.   "Company
Common Stock" means the common stock, $1.00 par value per  share, of the
Company.   "Company Group" means any "affiliated group" (as defined in
Section  1504(a) of the Code without regard to the limitations contained in
Section  1504(b) of the Code) that includes the Company and its Subsidiaries
or any  predecessor of or any successor to the Company (or to another such 
predecessor or successor).   "Company Loan Property" has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.03(o).   "Company Meeting" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.02.   "Company Preferred Stock" means the preferred stock, no par
value per  share, of the Company.    2     "Company Options" means the
options to acquire Company Common Stock  issued under the Company Stock
Option Plans.   "Company Regulatory Authorities" has the meaning set forth
in Section  5.03(i).   "Company Stock" means, collectively, the Company
Common Stock and the  Company Preferred Stock.   "Company Stock Option
Plans" means (i) the Company 1997 Stock Option  Plan, (ii) the Company Bank
1993 Stock Option Plan and (iii) the Company  Bank 1986 Stock Option Plan, in
each case as amended as of the date hereof  or, in the case of the Company
1997 Stock Option Plan, as amended subject  to approval of the shareholders
of the Company at its annual meeting of  shareholders to be held in 2002.  
"Connecticut Bank Commissioner" means the Commissioner of Banking of  the
State of Connecticut.   "Connecticut State Board" has the meaning set forth
in Section 6.12.   "Derivatives Contract" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.03(q).   "DGCL" means the Delaware General Corporation Law, as
amended.   "Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.01.   "Dissenting Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03.  
"Effective Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).   "Effective
Time" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).   "EGTRAA" means the
Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act  of 2001, as amended.  
"Employees" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m).   "Environmental
Laws" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(o).   "Equal Credit
Opportunity Act" means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act,  as amended.  
"Equity Investment" means (i) an Equity Security; and (ii) an  ownership
interest in any company or other entity, any membership interest  that
includes a voting right in any company or other entity, any interest  in real
estate; and any investment or transaction which in substance falls  into any
of these categories even though it may be structured as some other  form of
investment or transaction.     3     "Equity Security" means any stock
(other than adjustable-rate  preferred stock, money market (auction rate)
preferred stock or other  instrument determined by the OCC to have the
character of debt securities),  certificate of interest or participation in
any profit-sharing agreement,  collateral-trust certificate, preorganization
certificate or subscription,  transferable share, investment contract, or
voting-trust certificate; any  security convertible into such a security; any
security carrying any  warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase any such
security; and any  certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or
interim  certificate for, or receipt for any of the foregoing.   "ERISA"
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as  amended.  
"ERISA Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m)(iii).  
"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  and
the rules and regulations thereunder.   "Exchange Agent" means American
Stock Transfer and Trust Company, or  such other exchange agent as may be
designated by Parent and reasonably  acceptable to the Company to act as
agent for purposes of conducting the  exchange procedures described in
Section 3.04.   "Fair Housing Act" means the Fair Housing Act, as
amended.   "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  
"Federal Reserve Act" means the Federal Reserve Act, as amended.   "Federal
Reserve Board" means the Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve
System.   "GAAP" means accounting principles generally accepted in the
United  States of America.   "Governmental Authority" means any federal,
state or local court,  administrative agency or commission or other
governmental authority or  instrumentality.   "Hazardous Substance" has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.03(o).   "Indemnified Party" and
"Indemnifying Party" have the meanings set  forth in Section 6.08(a).  
"Insurance Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.08(c).  
"Insurance Policies" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(w).    
4     "Liens" means any charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, 
restriction, claim, lien or encumbrance.   "Loans" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.03(r).   "Maine Superintendent" means the Superintendent of the
Bureau of  Banking of the State of Maine.   "Material Adverse Effect" means
(a) with respect to the Company, any  effect that is material and adverse to
the financial position, results of  operations or business of the Company and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole  or would materially impair the ability of
the Company to perform its  obligations under this Agreement or otherwise
materially impede  consummation of the Transactions; provided, however, that
Material Adverse  Effect shall not be deemed to include the impact of (i)
changes in banking  and similar laws of general applicability or
interpretations thereof by  Governmental Authorities, (ii) changes in GAAP or
regulatory accounting  requirements applicable to banks generally, (iii)
changes in general  economic conditions affecting banks generally, (iv) any
modifications or  changes to valuation policies and practices in connection
with the  Transactions or restructuring charges taken in connection with
the  Transactions, in each case in accordance with GAAP, (v) reasonable
expenses  incurred in connection with the Transactions and (vi) the effects
of any  action or omission taken with the prior consent of Parent; and (b)
with  respect to Parent, any effect that materially impairs the ability of
Parent  or Parent Bank to make payment at the Effective Time of the
aggregate  Merger Consideration or otherwise materially impairs the ability
of Parent,  Parent Bank or Parent Sub to consummate the Transactions.  
"Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a).   "Merger
Consideration" means $28.00 in cash, without interest, for  each share of
Company Common Stock that is outstanding immediately prior to  the Effective
Time (but excluding Dissenting Shares and Treasury Stock).   "Nasdaq" means
The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.\'s National Market.   "National Bank Act"
means the National Bank Act, as amended.   "National Labor Relations Act"
means the National Labor Relations Act,  as amended.   "OCC" means the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.   "OREO" means other real estate
owned.   "Parent" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
Agreement.   "Parent Benefits Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.09(a).     5     "Parent Board" means the Board of Directors of
Parent.   "Parent Bank" means Banknorth, National Association.   "Parent
Sub" means a Delaware corporation to be formed and  wholly-owned by Parent as
a transitory Subsidiary to effect the Merger.   "Pension Plan" has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m)(ii).   "Person" means any individual,
bank, corporation, partnership,  association, joint-stock company, business
trust, limited liability  company, unincorporated organization or other
organization or firm of any  kind or nature.   "Previously Disclosed" by a
party shall mean information set forth in  a section of its Disclosure
Schedule corresponding to the section of this  Agreement where such term is
used.   "Proxy Statement" means the proxy statement, together with any 
amendments and supplements thereto, to be delivered to holders of Company 
Common Stock in connection with the solicitation of their approval of this 
Agreement.   "Rights" means, with respect to any Person, warrants, options,
rights,  convertible securities and other arrangements or commitments which
obligate  the Person to issue or dispose of any of its capital stock or
other  ownership interests.   "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange
Commission.   "SEC Documents" has the meaning set forth in Sections 5.03(g)
and  5.04(f) in the case of the Company and Parent, respectively.  
"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the  rules
and regulations thereunder.   "Shareholder Agreements" has the meaning set
forth in the recitals to  this Agreement.   "Shareholders" means each
director of the Company.   "Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to that
term in Section 2(d) of  the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended.   "Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.01(a).   "Tax" and "Taxes" mean all federal, state, local or foreign
income,  gross income, gains, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, goods
and  services, capital, production, transfer, franchise, windfall profits, 
license, withholding, payroll, employment, disability, employer health, 
excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property, environmental, 
custom duties, unemployment or other taxes of any kind whatsoever,    
6     together with any interest, additions or penalties thereto and any
interest  in respect of such interest and penalties.   "Tax Returns" means
any return, declaration or other report (including  elections, declarations,
schedules, estimates and information returns) with  respect to any Taxes.  
"Transactions" means the Merger and the Bank Merger.   "Termination Fee" has
the meaning set forth in Section 8.02.   "Treasury Stock" means shares of
Company Stock held by the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries or by Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries, in each  case other than in a fiduciary (including
custodial or agency) capacity or  as a result of debts previously contracted
in good faith.    ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   2.01. The Merger.   (a)
The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the
Effective Time, Parent Sub shall merge with and into the Company
in accordance with Section 251 of the DGCL (the "Merger"), the separate
corporate existence of Parent Sub shall cease and the Company shall survive
and continue to exist as a corporation incorporated under the DGCL (the
Company, as the surviving corporation in the Merger, sometimes being referred
to herein as the "Surviving Corporation").   (b) Name. The name of the
Surviving Corporation shall be "Bancorp Connecticut, Inc."   (c) Articles
and Bylaws. The certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company
immediately after the Merger shall be the Company Articles and the Company
Bylaws as in effect immediately prior to the Merger.   (d) Directors and
Officers of the Surviving Corporation. The directors and officers of the
Company immediately after the Merger shall be the directors and officers of
Parent Sub immediately prior to the Merger, until such time as their
successors shall be duly elected and qualified.   (e) Authorized Capital
Stock. The authorized capital stock of the Surviving Corporation upon
consummation of the Merger shall be as set forth in the Company Articles
immediately prior to the Merger.   (f) Effects of the Merger. At the
Effective Time, the effects of the Merger shall be as provided in Sections
259 to 261 (inclusive) of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of
the    7    foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all
the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Parent Sub shall
vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations,
restrictions, disabilities and duties of Parent Sub shall become the debts,
liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of the
Surviving Corporation.   (g) Additional Actions. If, at any time after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall consider that any further
assignments or assurances in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable
to (i) vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving
Corporation its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights,
properties or assets of Parent Sub acquired or to be acquired by the
Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger, or
(ii) otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement, Parent Sub, and its
proper officers and directors, shall be deemed to have granted to the
Surviving Corporation an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver
all such proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and to do all acts
necessary or proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to and possession of
such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation and otherwise
to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, and the proper officers and
directors of the Surviving Corporation are fully authorized in the name
of the Surviving Corporation or otherwise to take any and all such
action.   2.02 Effective Date and Effective Time; Closing.   (a) Subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII
(other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
consummation of the Merger, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those
conditions), the parties shall cause a certificate of merger relating to the
Merger (the "Certificate of Merger") to be filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL on (i) a date selected by
Parent after such satisfaction or waiver which is within thirty (30) Business
Days following such satisfaction or waiver or (ii) such other date to which
the parties may mutually agree in writing. The Merger provided for
herein shall become effective upon such filing or on such date as may be
specified therein, provided that it is within the aforementioned thirty (30)
Business Day period. The date of such filing or such later effective date is
herein called the "Effective Date." The "Effective Time" of the Merger shall
be the time of such filing or as set forth in such filing.   (b) A closing
(the "Closing") shall take place immediately prior to the Effective Time at
10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, at the principal offices of Parent in Portland,
Maine, or at such other place, at such other time, or on such other date as
the parties may mutually agree upon (such date, the "Closing Date"). At the
Closing, there shall be delivered to Parent and the Company the
certificates and other documents required to be delivered under Article VII
hereof.     8      ARTICLE III   CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE
PROCEDURES   3.01 Merger Consideration. Subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, automatically by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of any Person:   (a) Outstanding Company
Common Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock, excluding (i) Treasury
Stock and (ii) Dissenting Shares, issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall become and be converted into the right to receive
the Merger Consideration.   (b) Outstanding Parent Sub Common Stock. Each
share of Parent Sub common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be converted into and become one share of Company
Common Stock.   (c) Treasury Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock held
as Treasury Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled
and retired at the Effective Time and no consideration shall be issued in
exchange therefor.   3.02 Rights as Shareholders; Stock Transfers. At the
Effective Time, holders of Company Common Stock shall cease to be, and shall
have no rights as, shareholders of the Company other than the right to
receive the Merger Consideration provided under this Article III. After the
Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of
the Company of shares of Company Common Stock.   3.03 Dissenting Shares
Each outstanding share of Company Common Stock the holder of which has
perfected his or her right to dissent from the Merger under the DGCL and has
not effectively withdrawn or lost such right as of the Effective Time (the
"Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into Company Common Stock or
represent a right to receive the Merger Consideration specified in Section
3.01(a) hereof, and the holder thereof shall be entitled only to such rights
as are granted by such provisions of the DGCL. If any holder of Dissenting
Shares shall fail to perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn or lost the
right to dissent, the Dissenting Shares held by such holder shall thereupon
be treated as though such Dissenting Shares had been converted into the right
to receive the aggregate Merger Consideration to which such holder would be
entitled pursuant to Section 3.01(a) hereof. The Company shall give Parent
prompt notice upon receipt by the Company of any such written demands
for payment of the fair value of shares of Company Common Stock and of
withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments provided pursuant to
the DGCL. Any payments made in respect of Dissenting Shares shall be made by
the Surviving Corporation.   3.04. Exchange Procedures.   (a) No later
than five Business Days following the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the
Exchange Agent to mail or make available to each holder of record of a
Certificate a notice        9   and letter of transmittal disclosing
the effectiveness of the Merger and the procedure for exchanging Certificates
for the Merger Consideration. Such letter of transmittal shall specify that
delivery shall be effected and risk of loss and title shall pass only upon
proper delivery of Certificates to the Exchange Agent.   (b) At or prior to
the Effective Time, Parent shall deliver, or cause Parent Bank to deliver, by
wire transfer in immediately available funds, to the Exchange Agent for the
benefit of the holders of Certificates (other than the holders of Dissenting
Shares and Treasury Stock) an amount of cash equal to the aggregate Merger
Consideration for payment of the aggregate Merger Consideration to such
holders of Certificates.   (c) Each holder of any outstanding Certificate
(other than holders of Dissenting Shares and Treasury Stock) who surrenders
such Certificate to the Exchange Agent will, upon acceptance thereof by the
Exchange Agent, be entitled to the prompt payment of the Merger
Consideration. The Exchange Agent shall accept Certificates upon compliance
with such reasonable terms and conditions as the Exchange Agent may impose to
effect an orderly exchange in accordance with normal exchange practices. Each
outstanding Certificate which is not surrendered to the Exchange Agent shall,
except as provided in Section 3.03, evidence ownership of only the right to
receive the Merger Consideration without interest.   (d) The Exchange Agent
shall not be obligated to deliver the Merger Consideration until the holder
surrenders a Certificate as provided in this Section 3.04, or, in default
thereof, an appropriate affidavit of loss and indemnity agreement and/or a
bond as may be reasonably required in each case by the Exchange Agent or
Parent. If any check is to be issued in a name other than that in which the
Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition of the issuance thereof
that the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or accompanied
by an executed form of assignment separate from the Certificate and otherwise
in proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such exchange pay
to the Exchange Agent any transfer or other tax required by reason of the
issuance of a check in any name other than that of the registered holder of
the Certificate surrendered or otherwise establish to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or
is not payable.   (e) Any portion of the cash delivered to the Exchange
Agent by Parent or Parent Bank pursuant to Section 3.04(b) that remains
unclaimed by the former shareholders of the Company for six months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered by the Exchange Agent to Parent or Parent
Bank, as applicable. Any shareholders of the Company who have not theretofore
complied with Section 3.04(c) shall thereafter look only to Parent for the
Merger Consideration. If outstanding Certificates are not surrendered or the
payment for them is not claimed prior to the date on which such payment would
otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Authority,
the unclaimed items shall, to the extent permitted by abandoned property and
any other applicable law, become the property of Parent or Parent Bank, as
applicable (and to the extent not in its possession shall be delivered to
it), free and clear of all Liens of any Person previously entitled to such
property. Neither the Exchange Agent nor any of the parties hereto shall be
liable to any holder of Company Common Stock represented by any Certificate
for any consideration paid to a public official pursuant to applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar laws. Parent, Parent Bank and the
Exchange Agent shall be entitled       10  to rely upon the stock
transfer books of the Company to establish the identity of those persons
entitled to receive the Merger Consideration, which books shall be conclusive
with respect thereto.   (f) The Exchange Agent, Parent or Parent Bank shall
be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Merger Consideration otherwise
payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Certificates such amounts
as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such
payment under the Code or any state, local or foreign tax law or regulation
thereunder. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the Exchange Agent,
Parent or Parent Bank, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the
Certificates in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made.  
3.05 Company Options. At the Effective Time, each Company Option which
is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time,
whether or not then vested and exercisable, shall be terminated and each
grantee thereof shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of each share of
Company Common Stock that would otherwise have been issuable upon the
exercise thereof, an amount of cash computed by multiplying (i) the
difference between (x) the Merger Consideration and (y) the per share
exercise price applicable to such Company Option by (ii) the number of such
shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option. The Company
agrees to take or to cause to be taken all action necessary to provide for
such termination and payment effective at or before the Effective Time and to
ensure that following the Effective Time no holder of a Company Option or any
participant in the Company Stock Option Plans shall have any rights
thereunder to acquire any Company Stock or any capital stock of
any Subsidiary of the Company.    ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS PENDING
ACQUISITION   4.01 Forbearances of the Company. From the date hereof until
the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this
Agreement or as Previously Disclosed, without the prior written consent of
Parent, the Company will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to,
directly or indirectly:   (a) Ordinary Course. Conduct its business other
than in the ordinary and usual course consistent with past practice or fail
to use reasonable best efforts to preserve its business organization, keep
available the present services of its employees and preserve for itself and
Parent the goodwill of the customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries and
others with whom business relations exist.   (b) Capital Stock. Other than
pursuant to the Rights set forth on Schedule 4.01(b) of the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule and outstanding on the date hereof, (i) issue, sell or
otherwise permit to become outstanding, or authorize the creation of, any
additional shares of    11    stock or any Rights or (ii) permit any
additional shares of stock to become subject to grants of employee or
director stock options or other Rights.   (c) Dividends; Etc. (a) Make,
declare, pay or set aside for payment any dividend on or in respect of, or
declare or make any distribution on any shares of Company Stock, other than
(A) regular quarterly cash dividends at a rate not in excess of $0.19 per
share on the Company Common Stock and (B) dividends from wholly-owned
Subsidiaries to the Company or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company
or (b) directly or indirectly adjust, split, combine, redeem, reclassify,
purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock.   (d)
Compensation; Employment Agreements; Etc. Enter into or amend or renew any
employment, consulting, severance or similar agreements or arrangements with
any director, officer or employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries or grant
any salary or wage increase or increase any employee benefit or pay any
incentive or bonus payments, except (i) for normal individual increases in
compensation to employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice, provided that no such increase shall result in an annual
adjustment of more than 4%, (ii) for other changes that are required
by applicable law, (iii) to satisfy contractual obligations existing as of
the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 4.01(d) of the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule, (iv) for grants of awards to newly-hired employees
consistent with past practice, (v) discretionary bonuses in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with past practice to employees of the
Company or the Company Bank during the period January 1, 2002 to the
Effective Time, which bonuses shall be (x) paid immediately prior to the
Effective Time, (y) prorated to the extent appropriate and (z) reduced in the
case of any individual recipient to the extent necessary to ensure that
payment of the bonus, either alone or in combination with the payment of
other amounts payable to the recipient in the event his or her employment is
terminated following the Merger, would not be nondeductible by the Company or
Company Bank under Section 280G of the Code and subject to the excise tax
imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, in each case as reasonably determined
by Parent prior to the payment of any bonuses by the Company or Company Bank
hereunder and (vi) bonuses to holders of incentive stock options issued under
the Company Stock Option Plans as of the date hereof (other than Robert D.
Morton) in an amount equal to 7% of the aggregate spread value of such
options (based on the difference between the Merger Consideration and
the weighted average exercise price of such options, multiplied by the number
of shares subject to such options), up to a maximum of $203,000 in the
aggregate to all such holders of such incentive stock options (including not
more than $50,000 in the aggregate to all executive officers who are party to
an employment or severance agreement with the Company or the Company Bank as
a group), which bonuses shall be subject to the requirements of clauses (x)
and (z) in the immediately preceding clause (v).   (e) Hiring. Hire any
person as an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or promote
any employee, except (i) to satisfy contractual obligations existing as of
the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 4.01(e) of the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule and (ii) persons hired to fill any vacancies arising
after the date hereof and whose employment is terminable at the will of the
Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, other than any
person to be hired who would have a base salary, including any guaranteed
bonus or any similar bonus, considered on an annual basis of more than
$50,000.     12      (f) Benefit Plans. Enter into, establish, adopt
or amend (except (i) as may be required by or to make consistent with
applicable law, including without limitation the EGTRRA, or (ii) to satisfy
contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof and set forth on
Schedule 4.01(f) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule) any pension,
retirement, stock option, stock purchase, savings, profit sharing, deferred
compensation, consulting, bonus, group insurance or other employee benefit,
incentive or welfare contract, plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement
(or similar arrangement) related thereto, in respect of any director, officer
or employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries or take any action to
accelerate the vesting or exercisability of stock options, restricted stock
or other compensation or benefits payable thereunder.   (g) Dispositions.
Sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of or discontinue any
of its assets, deposits, business or properties except in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice and in a transaction that, together
with all other such transactions, is not material to the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (h) Acquisitions. Acquire (other than by
way of foreclosures or acquisitions of control in a bona fide fiduciary
capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith, in
each case in the ordinary and usual course of business consistent with past
practice) all or any portion of the assets, business, deposits or properties
of any other entity.   (i) Capital Expenditures. Make any capital
expenditures other than capital expenditures in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice in amounts not exceeding $50,000
individually or $500,000 in the aggregate.   (j) Governing Documents. Amend
the Company Articles or Company Bylaws or the articles of incorporation or
bylaws (or equivalent documents) of any Subsidiary of the Company.   (k)
Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any change in its
accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may be required by
changes in laws or regulations or GAAP.   (l) Contracts. Except in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or as otherwise
permitted under this Section 4.01, enter into or terminate any "material
contract" (as defined in Section 5.03(k)) or amend or modify in any material
respect any of its existing material contracts.   (m) Claims. Enter into any
settlement or similar agreement with respect to any action, suit, proceeding,
order or investigation to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or
becomes a party after the date of this Agreement, which settlement, agreement
or action involves payment by the Company and its Subsidiaries of an amount
which exceeds $50,000 and/or would impose any material restriction on the
business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or create precedent for
claims that are reasonably likely to be material to the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.     13      (n) Banking Operations.
Enter into any new material line of business or change its material lending,
investment, underwriting, risk and asset liability management and other
material banking and operating policies, except as required by applicable
law, regulation or policies imposed by any Governmental Authority.   (o)
Derivatives Contracts. Enter into any Derivatives Contract, except in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   (p)
Indebtedness. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than deposits,
federal funds purchased, cash management accounts, borrowings from
the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston and securities sold under agreements
to repurchase, in each case in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice) or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an
accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other Person,
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice.   (q) Investment Securities. Acquire (other than by way of
foreclosures or acquisitions in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or in
satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith, in each case in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) any debt
security or Equity Investment of a type or in an amount that is not
permissible for a national bank.   (r) Certain Lending Activities. Acquire
any loan or participation in a loan originated by or through Center Capital
Corporation.   (s) Adverse Actions. Take any action that is intended or is
reasonably likely to result in (x) any of its representations and warranties
set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect
at any time at or prior to the Effective Time, (y) any of the conditions to
the Merger set forth in Article VII not being satisfied or (z) a material
violation of any provision of this Agreement or the Bank Merger Agreement,
except, in each case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.  
(t) Commitments. Enter into any contract with respect to, or otherwise agree
or commit to do, any of the foregoing.   4.02 Forbearances of Parent. From
the date hereof until the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated or
permitted by this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the
Company, Parent will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:  
(a) Adverse Actions. Take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely
to result in (x) any of its representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect at any time at or
prior to the Effective Time, (y) any of the conditions to the Merger
set forth in Article VII not being satisfied or (z) a material violation of
any provision of this Agreement or the Bank Merger Agreement, except, in each
case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.   (b)
Commitments. Enter into any contract with respect to, or otherwise agree or
commit to do, any of the foregoing.     14      ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   5.01. Disclosure Schedules. On or prior to
the date hereof, Parent has delivered to the Company a schedule and the
Company has delivered to Parent a schedule (respectively, its "Disclosure
Schedule") setting forth, among other things, items the disclosure of which
is necessary or appropriate either in response to an express disclosure
requirement contained in a provision hereof or as an exception to one or more
representations or warranties contained in Section 5.03 or 5.04 or to one or
more of its covenants contained in Article IV; provided, however, that (a) no
such item is required to be set forth in a Disclosure Schedule as an
exception to a representation or warranty if its absence would not be
reasonably likely to result in the related representation or warranty being
deemed untrue or incorrect under the standard established by Section 5.02 and
(b) the mere inclusion of an item in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to
a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by a party that
such item represents a material exception or fact, event or circumstance or
that, absent such inclusion in the Disclosure Schedule, such item is or would
be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.   5.02.
Standard. No representation or warranty of the Company or Parent contained in
Sections 5.03 or 5.04, respectively, shall be deemed untrue or incorrect, and
no party hereto shall be deemed to have breached a representation or
warranty, as a consequence of the existence of any fact, event
or circumstance unless such fact, circumstance or event, individually or
taken together with all other facts, events or circumstances inconsistent
with any representation or warranty contained in Section 5.03 or 5.04, has
had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the party
making such representation or warranty.   5.03. Representations and
Warranties of the Company. Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02 and except as
Previously Disclosed, the Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. The Company is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of property or
assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified. The
Company has in effect all federal, state, local and foreign governmental
authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as now conducted.   (b) Company Capital Stock. The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists solely of 7,000,000 shares
of Company Common Stock, of which 5,170,780 shares are outstanding as of the
date hereof, and 1,000,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which no
shares are outstanding. As of the date hereof, 942,186 shares of the Company
Common Stock were held in treasury by the Company or otherwise directly or
indirectly owned by the Company. The outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
non-assessable, and none of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
have been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any Person.
Section    15     5.03(b) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule sets
forth for each Company Stock Option, the name of the grantee, the date of the
grant, the type of grant, the status of the option grant as qualified or non-
qualified under Section 422 of the Code, the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to each option, the number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject to options that are currently exercisable and the exercise
price per share. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, there are no
shares of Company Stock reserved for issuance, the Company does not have any
Rights issued or outstanding with respect to Company Stock, and the Company
does not have any commitment to authorize, issue or sell any Company Stock or
Rights.   (c) Subsidiaries.   (i) (A) The Company has Previously Disclosed
a list of all of its  Subsidiaries together with the jurisdiction of
organization of each such  Subsidiary, (B) the Company owns, directly or
indirectly, all the issued  and outstanding equity securities of each of its
Subsidiaries, (C) no  equity securities of any of its Subsidiaries are or may
become required to  be issued (other than to the Company) by reason of any
Right or otherwise,  (D) there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by  which any of its Subsidiaries is or may be bound to sell
or otherwise  transfer any of its equity securities (other than to the
Company or any of  its wholly-owned Subsidiaries), (E) there are no
contracts, commitments,  understandings, or arrangements relating to the
Company\'s rights to vote or  to dispose of such securities and (F) all the
equity securities of the  Company\'s Subsidiaries held by the Company or its
Subsidiaries are fully  paid and nonassessable and are owned by the Company
or its Subsidiaries  free and clear of any Liens.   (ii) Except for
securities and other interests held in a fiduciary  capacity and beneficially
owned by third parties or taken in consideration  of debts previously
contracted, the Company does not own beneficially,  directly or indirectly,
any equity securities or similar interests of any  Person or any interest in
a partnership or joint venture of any kind other  than its Subsidiaries and
stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston.   (iii) Each of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries has been duly organized and  is validly existing in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of  its organization and is
duly qualified to do business and in good standing  in the jurisdictions
where its ownership or leasing of property or the  conduct of its business
requires it to be so qualified.   (iv) The deposit accounts of the Company
Bank are insured by the Bank  Insurance Fund to the maximum extent provided
by applicable law, and the  Company Bank has paid all deposit insurance
premiums and assessments  required by applicable laws and regulations.  
(d) Corporate Power. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has
the corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted and to own all its properties and assets; and the Company has
the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its
obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions    
16    contemplated hereby, subject to receipt of all necessary approvals
of Governmental Authorities and the approval of the Company\'s shareholders
of this Agreement.   (e) Corporate Authority. Subject to the approval of
this Agreement by the shareholders of the Company, this Agreement and the
Transactions have been authorized by all necessary corporate action of the
Company and the Company Board on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has
duly executed and delivered this Agreement and, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by Parent, this Agreement is a valid and legally
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms
(except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general equity principles).   (f) Regulatory Approvals; No Defaults.   (i)
No consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings or  registrations
with, any Governmental Authority or with any third party are  required to be
made or obtained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  in connection
with the execution, delivery or performance by the Company  and the Company
Bank of this Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement,  respectively, or to
consummate the Transactions, except for (A) filings of  applications or
notices with, and approvals or waivers by, the Federal  Reserve Board, the
OCC, the Maine Superintendent and the Connecticut Bank  Commissioner, (B) the
filing of the Proxy Statement and form of proxy with,  and clearance of the
same by, the SEC, (C) the filing of a Certificate of  Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the  DGCL, (D) the
approval of this Agreement by the holders of a majority of  the outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock and (E) such corporate  approvals and such
consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings or  registrations with,
certain of the foregoing federal and state banking  agencies in connection
with the Bank Merger. As of the date hereof, the  Company is not aware of any
reason why the approvals set forth above and  referred to in Section 7.01(b)
will not be received in a timely manner and  without the imposition of a
condition, restriction or requirement of the  type described in Section
7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to receipt, or the making, of the consents,
approvals  and filings referred to in the preceding paragraph, and the
expiration of  related waiting periods, the execution, delivery and
performance of this  Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement by the Company
and the Company  Bank, as applicable, and the consummation of the
Transactions do not and  will not (A) constitute a breach or violation of, or
a default under, or  give rise to any Lien, any acceleration of remedies or
any right of  termination under, any law, rule or regulation or any judgment,
decree,  order, governmental permit or license, or agreement, indenture or 
instrument of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the  Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is  subject
or bound, (B) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default  under, the
articles of incorporation or bylaws (or similar governing  documents) of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) require any  consent or approval
under any such law, rule, regulation,    17     judgment, decree,
order, governmental permit or license, agreement,  indenture or
instrument.   (g) Financial Reports; Undisclosed Liabilities.   (i) The
Company\'s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years  ended December
31, 2001, December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999 and all  other reports,
registration statements, definitive proxy statements or  information
statements filed or to be filed by it subsequent to December  31, 1998 under
the Securities Act or under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or  15(d) of the
Exchange Act in the form filed or to be filed with the SEC  (collectively,
the Company\'s "SEC Documents"), as of the date filed or to  be filed, (A)
complied or will comply in all material respects as to form  with the
applicable securities regulations of the SEC as the case may be  and (B) did
not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material  fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances  under which they were
made, not misleading, except that information as of a  later date shall be
deemed to modify information as of an earlier date; and  each of the balance
sheets contained in any such SEC Document (including  the related notes and
schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly  present, the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its  Subsidiaries as of its date, and
each of the consolidated statements of  income and changes in shareholders\'
equity and cash flows or equivalent  statements in such SEC Documents
(including any related notes and schedules  thereto) fairly presents, or will
fairly present, the consolidated results  of operations, changes in
shareholders\' equity and changes in cash flows,  as the case may be, of the
Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods to  which they relate, in each
case in accordance with GAAP consistently  applied during the periods
involved.   (ii) Since December 31, 2001, neither the Company nor any of
its  Subsidiaries has incurred any liability other than in the ordinary
course  of business consistent with past practice (excluding the incurrence
of  expenses related to this Agreement and the Transactions).   (iii) Since
December 31, 2001, (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries  have conducted their
respective businesses in the ordinary and usual course  consistent with past
practice (excluding the incurrence of expenses related  to this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby) and (B) no  event has occurred or
circumstance arisen that, individually or taken  together with all other
facts, circumstances and events (described in any  paragraph of this Section
5.03 or otherwise), is reasonably likely to have  a Material Adverse Effect
with respect to the Company.   (iv) No agreement pursuant to which any loans
or other assets have  been or shall be sold by the Company or its
Subsidiaries entitled the buyer  of such loans or other assets, unless there
is material breach of a  representation or covenant by the Company or its
Subsidiaries, to cause the  Company or its Subsidiaries to repurchase such
loan or other asset or the  buyer to pursue any other form of recourse
against the Company or its  Subsidiaries. Except for regular quarterly cash
dividends and a special  year-end dividend      18     in 2001 in
the amount of $0.20 per share of Company Common Stock, since  December 31,
1999, no cash, stock or other dividend or any other  distribution with
respect to the Company Stock has been declared, set aside  or paid. No shares
of Company Stock have been purchased, redeemed or  otherwise acquired,
directly or indirectly, by the Company since December  31, 2001, and no
agreements have been made to do the foregoing.   (h) Litigation. No
litigation, claim or other proceeding before any court or governmental agency
is pending against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the
Company\'s knowledge, no such litigation, claim or other proceeding has been
threatened and there are no facts which could reasonably give rise to such
litigation, claim or other proceeding.   (i) Regulatory Matters.   (i)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of any  of their
respective properties is a party to or is subject to any order,  decree,
agreement, memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement with,  or a
commitment letter or similar submission to, or extraordinary  supervisory
letter from, any federal or state governmental agency or  authority charged
with the supervision or regulation of financial  institutions or issuers of
securities or engaged in the insurance of  deposits or the supervision or
regulation of it (collectively, the "Company  Regulatory Authorities"). The
Company and its Subsidiaries have paid all  assessments made or imposed by
any Company Regulatory Authority.   (ii) Neither the Company nor any its
Subsidiaries has been advised  by, or has any knowledge of facts which could
give rise to an advisory  notice by, any Company Regulatory Authority that
such Company Regulatory  Authority is contemplating issuing or requesting (or
is considering the  appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any such order,
decree,  agreement, memorandum of understanding, commitment letter,
supervisory  letter or similar submission.   (j) Compliance With Laws. Each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries:   (i) is in material compliance with
all applicable federal, state,  local and foreign statutes, laws,
regulations, ordinances, rules,  judgments, orders or decrees applicable
thereto or to the employees  conducting such businesses, including, without
limitation, the Equal Credit  Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the
Community Reinvestment Act, the  Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Bank
Secrecy Act and all other applicable  fair lending laws and other laws
relating to discriminatory business  practices;   (ii) has all permits,
licenses, authorizations, orders and approvals  of, and has made all filings,
applications and registrations with, all  Governmental Authorities that are
required in order to permit them to own  or lease their properties and to
conduct their businesses as presently  conducted; all such permits, licenses,
certificates of authority, orders  and approvals are in full force and effect
and, to the Company\'s knowledge,  no suspension or cancellation of any of
them is threatened; and     19     (iii) has received, since December
31, 1999, no notification or  communication from any Governmental Authority
(A) asserting that the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries is not in
compliance with any of the  statutes, regulations or ordinances which such
Governmental Authority  enforces or (B) threatening to revoke any license,
franchise, permit or  governmental authorization (nor, to the Company\'s
knowledge, do any grounds  for any of the foregoing exist).   (k) Material
Contracts; Defaults.   (i) Except for documents listed as exhibits to the
Company\'s SEC  Documents, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
a party to,  bound by or subject to any agreement, contract, arrangement,
commitment or  understanding (whether written or oral) (i) with respect to
the employment  of any directors, officers, employees or consultants, (ii)
which would  entitle any present or former director, officer, employee or
agent of the  Company or its Subsidiaries to indemnification from the Company
or its  Subsidiaries, (iii) which is a material contract (as defined in
Item  601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC) to be performed after the date
of  this Agreement that has not been filed or incorporated by reference in
the  Company\'s SEC Documents, (iv) which is a consulting agreement
(including  data processing, software programming and licensing contracts)
not  terminable on 60 days or less notice and involving the payment of more
than  $50,000 per annum or (v) which materially restricts the conduct of
any  business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company has 
previously delivered to Parent true and correct copies of each such 
document.   (ii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
material  default under any contract, agreement, commitment, arrangement,
lease,  insurance policy or other instrument to which it is a party, by which
its  respective assets, business, or operations may be bound or affected,
or  under which it or its respective assets, business, or operations
receives  benefits, and there has not occurred any event that, with the lapse
of time  or the giving of notice or both, would constitute such a default. No
power  of attorney or similar authorization given directly or indirectly by
the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries is currently outstanding.   (l) No
Brokers. No action has been taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that would give rise to any valid claim against any party hereto for a
brokerage commission, finder\'s fee or other like payment with respect to the
Transactions, excluding a Previously Disclosed fee to be paid to
Sandler O\'Neill and Partners, L.P.   (m) Employee Benefit Plans.   (i) All
benefit and compensation plans, contracts, policies or  arrangements covering
current or former employees of the Company and its  Subsidiaries (the
"Employees") and current or former directors of the  Company including, but
not limited to, "employee benefit plans" within the  meaning of Section 3(3)
of ERISA, and deferred compensation, stock option,  stock purchase, stock
appreciation rights, stock based,     20     incentive and bonus plans
(the "Benefits Plans"), are Previously Disclosed  in the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule. True and complete copies of all  Benefit Plans
including, but not limited to, any trust instruments and  insurance contracts
forming a part of any Benefit Plans and all amendments  thereto, have been
provided to Parent.   (ii) All Benefits Plans other than "multiemployer
plans" within the  meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA, covering Employees, to
the extent  subject to ERISA, are in substantial compliance with ERISA. Each
Benefit  Plan which is an "employee pension benefit plan" within the meaning
of  Section 3(2) of ERISA (a "Pension Plan") and which is intended to be 
qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, has received a favorable 
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service, and the Company is 
not aware of any circumstances likely to result in revocation of any such 
favorable determination letter or the loss of the qualification of such 
Pension Plan under Section 401(a) of the Code. There is no pending or, to 
the Company\'s knowledge, threatened litigation relating to the Benefits 
Plans. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a 
transaction with respect to any Benefit Plan or Pension Plan that, assuming 
the taxable period of such transaction expired as of the date hereof, could 
subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a material tax or penalty 
imposed by either Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA.  
(iii) No liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA has  been or is
expected to be incurred by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries with
respect to any ongoing, frozen or terminated  "single-employer plan," within
the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA,  currently or formerly
maintained by any of them, or the single-employer  plan of any entity which
is considered one employer with the Company under  Section 4001 of ERISA or
Section 414 of the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate").  Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has incurred, and neither  expects to incur, any
withdrawal liability with respect to a multiemployer  plan under Subtitle E
of Title IV of ERISA (regardless of whether based on  contributions of an
ERISA Affiliate). No notice of a "reportable event,"  within the meaning of
Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day reporting  requirement has not
been waived, has been required to be filed for any  Pension Plan or by any
ERISA Affiliate within the 12-month period ending on  the date hereof or will
be required to be filed in connection with the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (iv) All contributions required to be made under the terms
of any  Benefit Plan have been timely made or have been reflected on the
financial  statements of the Company included in the Company\'s SEC
Documents. Neither  any Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of an ERISA
Affiliate has an  "accumulated funding deficiency" (whether or not waived)
within the meaning  of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and no
ERISA Affiliate  has an outstanding funding waiver. Neither the Company nor
any of its  Subsidiaries has provided, or is required to provide, security to
any  Pension Plan or to any single-employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate
pursuant  to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code.    21      (v) Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any  obligations for retiree
health and life benefits under any Benefit Plan,  other than coverage as may
be required under Section 4980B of the Code or  Part 6 of Title I of ERISA,
or under the continuation of coverage  provisions of the laws of any state or
locality. The Company or any of its  Subsidiaries may amend or terminate any
such Benefit Plan at any time  without incurring any liability
thereunder.   (vi) None of the execution of this Agreement, shareholder
approval  of this Agreement or consummation of either of the Transactions
will (A)  entitle any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to  severance pay or any increase in severance pay upon any termination of 
employment after the date hereof, (B) accelerate the time of payment or 
vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through a grantor trust or 
otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, increase the amount payable  or
trigger any other material obligation pursuant to, any of the Benefit  Plans,
(C) result in any breach or violation of, or a default under, any of  the
Benefit Plans or (D) result in any payment that would be a "parachute 
payment" to a "disqualified individual" as those terms are defined in 
Section 280G of the Code, without regard to whether such payment is 
reasonable compensation for personal services performed or to be performed 
in the future.   (n) Labor Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any collective bargaining
agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or
labor organization, nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries the subject
of a proceeding asserting that it has committed an unfair labor practice
(within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act) or seeking to compel
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to bargain with any labor organization
as to wages or conditions of employment, nor is there any strike or other
labor dispute involving it or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the
Company\'s knowledge, threatened, nor is the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries aware of any activity involving its employees seeking to certify
a collective bargaining unit or engaging in other organizational
activity.   (o) Environmental Matters.   (i) The Company and its
Subsidiaries are in compliance with  applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) to
the Company\'s knowledge, no real  property (including buildings or other
structures) currently or formerly  owned or operated by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or any  property in which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has held a  security interest, Lien or a fiduciary or management
role ("Company Loan  Property"), has been contaminated with, or has had any
release of, any  Hazardous Substance except in compliance with Environmental
Laws; (iii) to  the Company\'s knowledge, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries  could be deemed the owner or operator of, or has participated
in the  management regarding Hazardous Substances of, any Company Loan
Property  which has been contaminated with, or has had any release of, any
Hazardous  Substance except in compliance with Environmental Laws; (iv) to
the  Company\'s knowledge, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has  any liability for any Hazardous Substance disposal or contamination on
any  third party property; (v) neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries  has received any notice, demand letter,     22    
claim or request for information alleging any violation of, or liability 
under, any Environmental Law; (vi) neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries is subject to any order, decree, injunction or other agreement 
with any Governmental Authority or any third party relating to any 
Environmental Law; (vii) to the Company\'s knowledge, there are no 
circumstances or conditions (including the presence of asbestos,  underground
storage tanks, lead products, polychlorinated biphenyls, prior  manufacturing
operations, dry-cleaning, or automotive services) involving  the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, any currently or formerly owned or  operated
property, or any Company Loan Property, that could reasonably be  expected to
result in any claims, liability or investigations against the  Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, result in any restrictions on the  ownership, use, or
transfer of any property pursuant to any Environmental  Law, or adversely
affect the value of any Company Loan Property; and (viii)  the Company has
delivered to Parent copies of all environmental reports,  studies, sampling
data, correspondence, filings and other environmental  information in its
possession or reasonably available to it relating to the  Company, its
Subsidiaries and any currently or formerly owned or operated  property or any
Company Loan Property.   As used herein, the term "Environmental Laws" means
any federal, state  or local law, regulation, order, decree, permit,
authorization, opinion or  agency requirement relating to: (A) the protection
or restoration of the  environment, health, safety, or natural resources, (B)
the handling, use,  presence, disposal, release or threatened release of any
Hazardous  Substance or (C) wetlands, indoor air, pollution, contamination or
any  injury or threat of injury to persons or property in connection with
any  Hazardous Substance; and the term "Hazardous Substance" means any
substance  that is: (A) listed, classified or regulated pursuant to any
Environmental  Law, (B) any petroleum product or by-product, asbestos-
containing material,  lead-containing paint or plumbing, polychlorinated
biphenyls, radioactive  materials or radon or (C) any other substance which
is the subject of  regulatory action by any Governmental Authority in
connection with any  Environmental Law.   (p) Tax Matters.   (i)(A) All
Tax Returns that are required to be filed on or before  the Effective Date
(taking into account any extensions of time within which  to file which have
not expired) by or with respect to the Company Group  have been or will be
timely filed on or before the Effective Date, (B) all  such Tax Returns are
or will be true and complete in all material respects,  (C) all Taxes shown
to be due on the Tax Returns referred to in clause (A)  have been or will be
timely paid in full, (D) the Tax Returns referred to  in clause (A) have been
examined by the Internal Revenue Service or the  appropriate Tax authority or
the period for assessment of the Taxes in  respect of which such Tax Returns
were required to be filed has expired,  (E) all deficiencies asserted or
assessments made as a result of  examinations conducted by any taxing
authority have been paid in full, (F)  no material issues that have been
raised by the relevant taxing authority  in connection with the examination
of any of the Tax Returns referred to in  clause (A) are currently pending
and (G) no member of the Company Group has  waived any statutes of limitation
with respect to any Taxes of the Company  or any of its Subsidiaries.    
23     (ii) The Company has made available to Parent true and correct 
copies of the United States federal income Tax Returns filed by the Company 
and its Subsidiaries for each of the three most recent fiscal years ended  on
or before December 31, 2000.   (iii) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any  liability with respect to income, franchise or similar
Taxes that accrued  on or before the end of the most recent period covered by
the Company\'s SEC  Documents filed prior to the date hereof in excess of the
amounts accrued  or subject to a reserve with respect thereto that are
reflected in the  financial statements included in the Company\'s SEC
Documents filed on or  prior to the date hereof.   (iv) Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to  any Tax allocation or sharing
agreement, is or has been a member of an  affiliated group filing
consolidated or combined Tax Returns (other than a  group the common parent
of which is or was the Company) or otherwise has  any liability for the Taxes
of any Person (other than the Company and its  Subsidiaries).   (v) Since
December 31, 1995, no closing agreements, private letter  rulings, technical
advice memoranda or similar agreement or rulings have  been entered into or
issued by any taxing authority with respect to the  Company and its
Subsidiaries.   (vi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
maintains any  compensation plans, programs or arrangements the payments
under which would  not reasonably be expected to be deductible as a result of
the limitations  under Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations issued
thereunder.   (vii) (A) No Tax is required to be withheld pursuant to
Section 1445  of the Code as a result of the Transactions and (B) all
material Taxes that  the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or was
required by law to  withhold or collect have been duly withheld or collected
and, to the extent  required by applicable law, have been paid to the proper
Governmental  Authority or other Person.   (q) Risk Management Instruments.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party or has agreed to
enter into an exchange traded or over-the-counter equity, interest rate,
foreign exchange or other swap, forward, future, option, cap, floor or collar
or any other contract that is not included on the balance sheet and is a
derivatives contract (including various combinations thereof) (each, a
"Derivatives Contract") or owns securities that (i) are referred to
generically as "structured notes," "high risk mortgage derivatives," "capped
floating rate notes" or "capped floating rate mortgage derivatives" or (ii)
are likely to have changes in value as a result of interest or exchange rate
changes that significantly exceed normal changes in value attributable to
interest or exchange rate changes, except for those Derivatives Contracts and
other instruments legally purchased or entered into in the ordinary course of
business, consistent with safe and sound banking practices and regulatory
guidance. All of such Derivatives Contracts or other instruments, are legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as enforcement may be
limited by general principles of equity whether applied in a court of law or
a court of equity and     24    by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar
laws affecting creditors\' rights and remedies generally), and are in full
force and effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have duly performed in all
material respects all of their material obligations thereunder to the extent
that such obligations to perform have accrued; and, to the Company\'s
knowledge, there are no breaches, violations or defaults or allegations or
assertions of such by any party thereunder.     (r) Loans; Nonperforming
and Classified Assets.   (i) Each loan agreement, note or borrowing
arrangement, including  without limitation portions of outstanding lines of
credit and loan  commitments (collectively, "Loans"), on the books and
records of the  Company and its Subsidiaries, was made and has been serviced
in all  material respects in accordance with customary lending standards in
the  ordinary course of business, is evidenced in all material respects by 
appropriate and sufficient documentation and, to the knowledge of the 
Company, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor 
named therein, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general applicability 
relating to or affecting creditor\'s rights or by general equity
principles.   (ii) The Company has Previously Disclosed as to the Company
and  each Company Subsidiary as of the latest practicable date: (i) any
written  or, to the Company\'s knowledge, oral Loan under the terms of which
the  obligor is 60 or more days delinquent in payment of principal or
interest,  or to the Company\'s knowledge, in default of any other material
provision  thereof; (ii) each Loan which has been classified as
"substandard,"  "doubtful," "loss" or "special mention" (or words of similar
import) by the  Company, a Company Subsidiary or an applicable regulatory
authority (it  being understood that no representation is being made that the
FDIC or the  Connecticut Bank Commissioner would agree with the loan
classifications  established by the Company); (iii) a listing of the OREO
acquired by  foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu thereof, including the book value
thereof;  and (iv) each Loan with any director, executive officer or five
percent or  greater shareholder of the Company or a Company Subsidiary, or to
the best  knowledge of the Company, any Person controlling, controlled by or
under  common control with any of the foregoing.   (s) Properties. All real
and personal property owned by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or
presently used by any of them in its respective business is in an adequate
condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and is sufficient to carry on its
business in the ordinary course of business consistent with its past
practices. The Company has good and marketable title free and clear of all
Liens to all of the material properties and assets, real and personal,
reflected on the consolidated statement of financial condition of the Company
as of December 31, 2001 included in the Company\'s SEC Documents or acquired
after such date, other than properties sold by the Company in the ordinary
course of business, except (i) Liens for current taxes and assessments not
yet due or payable (ii) pledges to secure deposits and other Liens
incurred in the ordinary course of its banking business, (iii) such
imperfections of title, easements and encumbrances, if any, as are not
material in character, amount or extent and (iv)     25    as
reflected on the consolidated statement of financial condition of the
Company as of December 31, 2001 included in the Company\'s SEC Documents. All
real and personal property which is material to the Company\'s business on a
consolidated basis and leased or licensed by the Company or a Subsidiary of
the Company is held pursuant to leases or licenses which are valid and
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and such leases will
not terminate or lapse prior to the Effective Time.   (t) Intellectual
Property. The Company and each Subsidiary of the Company owns or possesses
valid and binding licenses and other rights to use without payment of any
material amount all material patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names,
service marks and trademarks used in its businesses, all of which have been
Previously Disclosed by the Company, and none of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice of conflict with respect thereto
that asserts the right of others. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
have performed in all material respects all the obligations required to be
performed by them and are not in default under any contract, agreement,
arrangement or commitment relating to any of the foregoing.   (u) Fiduciary
Accounts. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has in all material
respects properly administered all accounts for which it acts as a fiduciary,
including but not limited to accounts for which it serves as a trustee,
agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator
or investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of the governing
documents and applicable laws and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or
employees, has committed any breach of trust with respect to any fiduciary
account and the records for each such fiduciary account are true and correct
and accurately reflect the assets of such fiduciary account.   (v) Books
and Records. The books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries are
being maintained in material compliance with applicable legal and accounting
requirements, and such books and records accurately reflect in all material
respects all dealings and transactions in respect of the business, assets,
liabilities and affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries.   (w)
Insurance. The Company has Previously Disclosed all of the material insurance
policies, binders, or bonds currently maintained by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries ("Insurance Policies"). The Company and its Subsidiaries
are insured with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as
the management of the Company reasonably has determined to be prudent in
accordance with industry practices. All the Insurance Policies are in full
force and effect; the Company and its Subsidiaries are not in material
default thereunder; and all claims thereunder have been filed in due and
timely fashion.   (x) Allowance For Loan Losses. The Company\'s allowance
for loan losses is, and shall be as of the Effective Date, in compliance with
the Company\'s existing methodology for determining the adequacy of its
allowance for loan losses as well as the standards established by applicable
Governmental Authorities and the Financial Accounting Standards Board and is
and shall be adequate under all such standards.    26      (y)
Transactions With Affiliates. All "covered transactions" between the Company
Bank and an "affiliate" within the meaning of Sections 23A and 23B of the
Federal Reserve Act have been in compliance with such provisions.   (z)
Required Vote; Antitakeover Provisions.   (i) The affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the  outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is
necessary to approve this  Agreement on behalf of the Company. No other vote
of the shareholders of  the Company is required by law, the Company Articles,
the Company Bylaws or  otherwise to approve this Agreement and the
Transactions.   (ii) Based on the representation and warranty of Parent
contained  in Section 5.04(i), no "control share acquisition," "business
combination  moratorium," "fair price" or other form of antitakeover statute
or  regulation is applicable to this Agreement and the Transactions with 
respect to the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board of 
Directors of the Company has approved the Agreement and the Merger and has 
taken all other requisite action such that the provisions of Section 203 of 
the DGCL and the provisions of the Company Articles relating to special 
voting requirements for certain business combinations will not apply to  this
Agreement or either of the Transactions.   (aa) Fairness Opinion. The
Company Board has received the written opinion of Sandler O\'Neill and
Partners, L.P. to the effect that as of the date hereof the Merger
Consideration is fair to the holders of Company Common Stock from a financial
point of view.   (bb) Proxy Statement. As of the date of the Proxy Statement
and the date of the meeting of the shareholders of the Company to which such
Proxy statement relates, the Proxy Statement will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading, provided that information as of a later date shall
be deemed to modify information as of an earlier date.   (cc) Transactions
in Securities. To the Company\'s knowledge, (a) no director or officer of the
Company or the Company\'s Subsidiaries, (b) no person related to any such
director or officer by blood, marriage or adoption and residing in the same
household and (c) no Person who has been knowingly provided material
nonpublic information by any one or more of these persons, has purchased or
sold, or caused to be purchased or sold, any shares of Company Stock or other
securities issued by the Company (i) during any period when the Company was
in possession of material nonpublic information or (ii) in violation of any
applicable provision of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.   (dd)
Disclosure. The representations and warranties contained in this Section
5.03, when considered as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements and information contained in this Section 5.03 not
misleading.     27      5.04 Representations and Warranties of
Parent. Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02 and except as Previously Disclosed,
Parent hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows:   (a)
Organization, Standing and Authority. Parent is duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maine. Parent is
duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
where its ownership or leasing of property or assets or the conduct of its
business requires it to be so qualified. Parent has in effect all federal,
state, local, and foreign governmental authorizations necessary for it to own
or lease its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
conducted.   (b) Subsidiaries. Parent Bank has been duly organized and is
validly existing in good standing under the laws of the United States, and is
duly qualified to do business and in good standing in the jurisdictions where
its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires
it to be so qualified. Upon its organization, Parent Sub will be duly
organized, and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the United
States. Parent owns all of the outstanding equity securities of Parent Bank,
and following the organization of Parent Sub, Parent will own all of the
outstanding equity securities of Parent Sub.   (c) Corporate Power. Each of
Parent and Parent Bank has the corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted and to own all its properties and
assets; and each of Parent and Parent Bank has, and upon its organization
Parent Sub will have, the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Bank Merger
Agreement, as applicable, and to consummate the Transactions, subject
to receipt of all necessary approvals of Governmental Authorities.   (d)
Corporate Authority. This Agreement and the Transactions have been authorized
by all necessary corporate action of Parent and the Parent Board
and following its organization this Agreement and the Transactions will
be authorized by all necessary corporate action of Parent Sub and the Board
of Directors of Parent Sub. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Parent and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by the Company, this Agreement is a valid and legally binding agreement of
Parent enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting creditors\' rights or by general equity principles). Following its
organization, this Agreement will be duly executed and delivered by Parent
Sub and, following such execution and delivery, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by the Company, this Agreement will be a valid and
legally binding agreement of Parent Sub enforceable in accordance with its
terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general equity principles).   (e) Regulatory Approvals; No Defaults   (i)
No consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings or  registrations
with, any Governmental Authority or with any third party are  required to be
made or obtained by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in  connection with the
execution, delivery or     28     performance by Parent, Parent Bank
or Parent Sub of this Agreement or the  Bank Merger Agreement, as applicable,
or to consummate the Transactions,  except for (A) filings of applications or
notices with, and approvals or  waivers by, the Federal Reserve Board, the
OCC, the Maine Superintendent  and the Connecticut Bank Commissioner, (B) the
filing of a Certificate of  Merger with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware pursuant to the  DGCL and (C) such corporate approvals and such
consents or approvals of, or  waivers by, or filings or registrations with,
certain of the foregoing  federal and state banking agencies in connection
with the Bank Merger. As  of the date hereof, Parent is not aware of any
reason why the approvals set  forth above and referred to in Section 7.01(b)
will not be received in a  timely manner and without the imposition of a
condition, restriction or  requirement of the type described in Section
7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to receipt, or the making, of the consents,
approvals  and filings referred to in the preceding paragraph and expiration
of the  related waiting periods, the execution, delivery and performance of
this  Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement by Parent, Parent Bank and
Parent  Sub, as applicable, and the consummation of the Transactions do not
and  will not (A) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under,
or  give rise to any Lien, any acceleration of remedies or any right of 
termination under, any law, rule or regulation or any judgment, decree, 
order, governmental permit or license, or agreement, indenture or  instrument
of Parent or of any of its Subsidiaries or to which Parent or  any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is subject or  bound, (B)
constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under, the  articles of
incorporation or bylaws (or similar governing documents) of  Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries or (C) require any consent or approval  under any such law,
rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order, governmental  permit or license,
agreement, indenture or instrument.   (f) Financial Reports and SEC
Documents; Material Adverse Effect.   (i) Parent\'s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2001 and all other reports,
registration statements,  definitive proxy statements or information
statements filed or to be filed  by it subsequent to December 31, 1998 under
the Securities Act or under  Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act in the form filed or  to be filed with the SEC (collectively,
Parent\'s "SEC Documents"), as of  the date filed or to be filed, (A)
complied or will comply in all material  respects as to form with the
applicable requirements under the Securities  Act or the Exchange Act, as the
case may be and (B) did not and will not  contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material  fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements  therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not  misleading; and each of the
balance sheets contained in or incorporated by  reference into any such SEC
Document (including the related notes and  schedules thereto) fairly
presents, or will fairly present, the financial  position of Parent and its
Subsidiaries as of its date, and each of the  statements of income and
changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flows or  equivalent statements in
such SEC Documents (including any related notes  and schedules thereto)
fairly presents, or will fairly present, the results  of operations, changes
in shareholders\' equity and changes in cash flows,  as the case may be, of
Parent     29     and its Subsidiaries for the periods to which they
relate, in each case in  accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the
periods involved,  except in each case as may be noted therein.   (ii)
Since December 31, 2001, no event has occurred or circumstance  arisen that,
individually or taken together with all other facts,  circumstances and
events (described in any paragraph of this Section 5.04  or otherwise), is
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect with  respect to
Parent.   (g) Financial Ability. On the Effective Date, Parent or Parent
Bank will have all funds necessary to consummate the Merger and pay the
aggregate Merger Consideration to holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to
Section 3.01(a) hereof. Each of Parent and Parent Bank is, and immediately
following completion of the Transactions will be, in compliance with all
capital requirements applicable to it.   (h) Proxy Statement Information.
None of the information relating to Parent or its Subsidiaries which is
expressly provided by Parent to the Company for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement, as of the date of the Proxy Statement and the date of the meeting
of the shareholders of the Company to which such Proxy Statement relates,
will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided
that information as of a later date shall be deemed to modify information as
of an earlier date.   (i) Ownership of Company Common Stock. As of the date
hereof, none of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or to Parent\'s knowledge,
any of its other affiliates or associates (as such terms are defined under
the Exchange Act), owns beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, or
is a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of, shares of Company Common Stock
(other than shares held in a fiduciary capacity that are beneficially owned
by third parties or as a result of debts previously contracted) which in the
aggregate represent 5% or more of the outstanding Company Common Stock.  
(j) Disclosure. The representations and warranties contained in this Section
5.04, when considered as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements and information contained in this Section 5.04 not
misleading.   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS    6.01 Reasonable Best Efforts.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of the parties to
the Agreement agrees to use its reasonable best efforts in good faith to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all
things necessary, proper or desirable, or advisable under applicable laws, so
as to permit consummation of the Merger promptly as practicable and the
consummation of the Bank Merger immediately after the    30    Merger,
and otherwise to enable consummation of the Transactions, including
the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VII hereof, and
shall cooperate fully with the other parties hereto to that end.   6.02
Shareholder Approval. The Company agrees to take, in accordance
with applicable law and the Company Articles and Company Bylaws, all action
necessary to convene as soon as reasonably practicable a meeting of its
shareholders to consider and vote upon the approval of this Agreement and any
other matters required to be approved by the Company\'s shareholders in order
to permit consummation of the Transactions (including any adjournment or
postponement, the "Company Meeting"). Except with the prior approval of
Parent, no other matters shall be submitted for the approval of the Company
shareholders at the Company Meeting. The Company Board shall at all times
prior to and during such meeting recommend such approval and shall take all
reasonable lawful action to solicit such approval by its shareholders;
provided that nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Company Board from
withholding, withdrawing, amending or modifying its recommendation if the
Company Board determines, after consultation with its outside counsel, that
such action is legally required in order for the directors to comply with
their fiduciary duties to the Company shareholders under applicable law;
provided, further, that Section 6.06 shall govern the withholding,
withdrawing, amending or modifying of such recommendation in
the circumstances described therein.   6.03 Securities and Regulatory
Filings.   (a) The parties shall promptly cooperate with each other in
the preparation of the Proxy Statement to be filed by the Company with the
SEC, and the parties agree to use their reasonable best efforts to cause the
Proxy Statement to be cleared by the SEC promptly after filing. After the SEC
has cleared the Proxy Statement, the Company shall promptly mail the Proxy
Statement to its shareholders.   (b) Each of Parent and the Company and
their respective Subsidiaries shall cooperate and use their respective
reasonable best efforts to prepare all documentation, to effect all filings
and to obtain all permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all
third parties and Governmental Authorities necessary to consummate the
Transactions and any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the Bank Merger Agreement; and any initial filings with Governmental
Authorities (other than the Proxy Statement) shall be made by Parent as soon
as reasonably practicable after the execution hereof. Each of Parent and the
Company shall have the right to review in advance, and to the extent
practicable each shall consult with the other, in each case subject
to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, with respect to
all material written information submitted to any third party or any
Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement. In exercising the foregoing
right, each of such parties agrees to act reasonably and as promptly as
practicable. Each party hereto agrees that it shall consult with the other
parties hereto with respect to the obtaining of all material permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental
Authorities necessary or advisable to consummate the Transactions and each
party shall keep the other parties apprised of the status of material matters
relating to completion of the Transactions.     31      (c) Each
party agrees, upon request, to furnish the other parties with all information
concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, directors, officers and shareholders and
such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection
with any filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of such other
parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any third party
or Governmental Authority.   6.04 Press Releases. The Company and Parent
shall consult with each other before issuing any press release with respect
to the Transactions or this Agreement and shall not issue any such press
release or make any such public statements without the prior consent of the
other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however,
that a party may, without the prior consent of the other party (but after
such consultation, to the extent practicable in the circumstances), issue
such press release or make such public statements as may upon the advice of
outside counsel be required by law or the rules or regulations of Nasdaq. The
Company and Parent shall cooperate to develop all public announcement
materials and make appropriate management available at presentations related
to the Transactions as reasonably requested by the other party.   6.05
Access; Information.   (a) The Company agrees that upon reasonable notice
and subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, it
shall afford Parent and its officers, employees, counsel, accountants and
other authorized representatives such access during normal business hours
throughout the period prior to the Effective Time to the books, records
(including, without limitation, Tax Returns and work papers of independent
auditors), properties and personnel of the Company and its Subsidiaries and
to such other information as Parent may reasonably request and, during such
period, it shall furnish promptly to Parent all information concerning the
business, properties and personnel of the Company and its Subsidiaries as
Parent may reasonably request.   (b) Parent agrees that it will not, and
will cause its representatives not to, use any information obtained pursuant
to this Section 6.05 (as well as any other information obtained prior to the
date hereof in connection with the entering into of this Agreement) for any
purpose unrelated to the consummation of the Transactions. Subject to the
requirements of law, Parent shall keep confidential, and shall cause its
representatives to keep confidential, all information and documents obtained
pursuant to this Section 6.05 (as well as any other information obtained
prior to the date hereof in connection with the entering into of this
Agreement) unless such information (i) was already known to such party, (ii)
becomes available to such party from other sources not known by such party to
be bound by a confidentiality obligation, (iii) is disclosed with the prior
written approval of the Company or (iv) is or becomes readily ascertainable
from publicly available sources. In the event that this Agreement is
terminated or the Transactions shall otherwise fail to be consummated,
Parent shall promptly cause all copies of documents or extracts thereof
(including without limitation those in electronic format) containing
information and data as to the Company to be returned to the Company or
destroyed and, upon the written request of the Company, Parent shall furnish
to the Company an affidavit of the President of Parent attesting that all
such action has been taken. No investigation by Parent of the business and
affairs of the Company shall affect or be deemed to modify or waive any
representation,    32    warranty, covenant or agreement in this
Agreement, or the conditions to the obligations of Parent and Parent Sub to
consummate the Transactions.   6.06 Acquisition Proposals. The Company
agrees that neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall
direct and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and each such
Subsidiary\'s directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives not
to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit, encourage or otherwise
facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer with respect
to a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation or similar
transaction involving, or any purchase of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company or more than 10% of the outstanding equity
securities of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (any such proposal or
offer being hereinafter referred to as an "Acquisition Proposal," provided
that the term "Acquisition Proposal" shall not include any proposal or offer
to purchase shares of common stock of the Company Bank Subsidiary pursuant to
a Shareholders Agreement, dated as of April 16, 1998, among the Company Bank,
the Company Bank Subsidiary and Timothy W. Rourke). The Company further
agrees that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, and that
it shall direct and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and each
such Subsidiary\'s directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives
not to, directly or indirectly, engage in any negotiations concerning, or
provide any confidential information or data to, or have any discussions
with, any Person relating to an Acquisition Proposal, or otherwise facilitate
any effort or attempt to make or implement an Acquisition Proposal; provided,
however, that nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the Company
or the Company Board from (A) complying with its disclosure obligations under
federal or state law; (B) providing information in response to a request
therefor by a Person who has made an unsolicited bona fide written
Acquisition Proposal if the Company Board receives from the Person so
requesting such information an executed confidentiality agreement;
(C) engaging in any negotiations or discussions with any Person who has made
an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal or (D) recommending
such an Acquisition Proposal to the shareholders of the Company, if and only
to the extent that, in each such case referred to in clause (B), (C) or (D)
above, the Company Board determines in good faith (after consultation with
outside legal counsel) that failure to take such action would reasonably be
expected to constitute a breach of such directors\' fiduciary duties under
applicable law and the Company Board determines in good faith (after
consultation with its financial advisor) that such Acquisition Proposal, if
accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated, taking into account all
legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the proposal and the Person making
the proposal and would, if consummated, result in a transaction more
favorable to the Company\'s shareholders from a financial point of view than
the Merger. The Company agrees that it will immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any
parties conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposals. The
Company agrees that it will notify Parent immediately if any such inquiries,
proposals or offers are received by, any such information is requested from,
or any such discussions or negotiations are sought to be initiated or
continued with, any of the representatives of the Company as soon as the
Company becomes aware of the same.   6.07 Certain Policies. Prior to the
Effective Date, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall, consistent
with GAAP, the rules and regulations of the SEC and applicable banking laws
and regulations, modify or change its loan, OREO, accrual, reserve, tax,
litigation    33    and real estate valuation policies and practices
(including loan classifications and levels of reserves) so as to be applied
on a basis that is consistent with that of Parent; provided, however, that no
such modifications or changes need be made prior to the satisfaction of the
condition set forth in Sections 7.01(a) and 7.01(b); and further provided
that in any event, no accrual or reserve made by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.07 shall constitute or be deemed to
be a breach, violation of or failure to satisfy any representation, warranty,
covenant, agreement, condition or other provision of this Agreement or
otherwise be considered in determining whether any such breach, violation or
failure to satisfy shall have occurred. The recording of any such adjustments
shall not be deemed to imply any misstatement of previously furnished
financial statements or information and shall not be construed as concurrence
of the Company or its management with any such adjustments.   6.08
Indemnification.   (a) From and after the Effective Time, Parent (the
"Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify and hold harmless each present and
former director, officer and employee of the Company or a Company Subsidiary,
as applicable, determined as of the Effective Time (the "Indemnified
Parties") against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys\'
fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred in
connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of matters
existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or
claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time, arising in whole or in part
out of or pertaining to the fact that he or she was a director, officer,
employee, fiduciary or agent of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or is
or was serving at the request of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including
without limitation matters related to the negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby, to the fullest extent which such Indemnified Parties would be
entitled under the Company Articles and Company Bylaws or equivalent
documents of any Company Subsidiary, as applicable, in each case as in effect
on the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, Parent also agrees that
limitations on liability existing in favor of the Indemnified Parties as
provided in the articles of incorporation or similar governing document of
the Company Bank and any other Subsidiary of the Company as in effect on the
date hereof with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time
shall survive the Merger and the Bank Merger and shall continue in full force
and effect from and after the Effective Time.   (b) Any Indemnified Party
wishing to claim indemnification under this Section 6.08, upon learning of
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly
notify the Indemnifying Party, but the failure to so notify shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of any liability it may have to such Indemnified Party
if such failure does not actually prejudice the Indemnifying Party. In the
event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether
arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) the Indemnifying Party shall
have the right to assume the defense thereof and the Indemnifying Party shall
not be liable to such Indemnified Parties for any legal expenses of other
counsel or any other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified
Parties in connection with the defense thereof, except that if
the Indemnifying Party elects not to assume such defense or counsel for
the Indemnified Parties     34    advises that there are issues which
raise conflicts of interest between the Indemnifying Party and the
Indemnified Parties, the Indemnified Parties may retain counsel which is
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnifying Party
shall pay, promptly as statements therefor are received, the reasonable fees
and expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Parties (which may not
exceed one firm in any jurisdiction), (ii) the Indemnified Parties will
cooperate in the defense of any such matter, (iii) the Indemnifying Party
shall not be liable for any settlement effected without its prior
written consent and (iv) the Indemnifying Party shall have no obligation
hereunder in the event that a federal or state banking agency or a court of
competent jurisdiction shall determine that indemnification of an Indemnified
Party in the manner contemplated hereby is prohibited by applicable laws and
regulations.   (c) Prior the Effective Time, Parent shall use its reasonable
best efforts to purchase, at its sole cost and expense, an extended reporting
period endorsement under the Company\'s existing directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance coverage for the Company\'s directors and officers in a
form reasonably acceptable to the Company which shall provide such directors
and officers with coverage for six years following the Effective Time of not
less than the existing coverage under, and have other terms no materially
less favorable on the whole to, the insured persons than the directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance coverage presently maintained by the Company,
provided that in no event shall Parent be required to expend in any one year
an amount in excess of 150% of the annual premiums currently paid by the
Company for such insurance (the "Insurance Amount"), and further provided
that if Parent is unable to maintain or obtain the insurance called for by
this Section 6.08(c) as a result of the preceding provision, Parent shall use
its reasonable best efforts to obtain as much comparable insurance as is
available for the Insurance Amount with respect to acts or omissions
occurring prior to the Effective Time by such directors and officers in their
capacities as such.   (d) If Parent or any of its successors or assigns
shall consolidate with or merge into any other entity and shall not be the
continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger or shall
transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other entity, then and
in each case, the successors and assigns of Parent shall assume the
obligations set forth in this Section 6.08.   6.09 Benefit Plans.   (a) As
soon as administratively practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall
take all reasonable action so that employees of the Company and
its Subsidiaries shall be entitled to participate in each employee benefit
plan, program or arrangement of Parent of general applicability (the "Parent
Benefits Plans") to the same extent as similarly-situated employees of Parent
and its Subsidiaries (it being understood that inclusion of the employees of
the Company and its Subsidiaries in the Parent Benefits Plans may occur at
different times with respect to different plans.) Parent shall cause each
Parent Benefits Plan in which employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries
are eligible to participate to take into account for purposes of eligibility
and vesting thereunder the service of such employees with the Company and its
Subsidiaries to the same extent as such service was credited for such purpose
by the Company. Nothing herein shall limit the ability of Parent to amend or
terminate any of the Company\'s Benefits Plans in accordance with their terms
at any time.    35      (b) At and following the Effective Time,
Parent shall honor, and the Surviving Corporation shall continue to be
obligated to perform, in accordance with their terms, all benefit obligations
to, and contractual rights of, current and former employees of the Company
and its Subsidiaries existing as of the Effective Date, as well as all
employment, severance or change-in-control agreements of the Company and its
Subsidiaries which are Previously Disclosed to Parent.   (c) If employees
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries become eligible to participate in a
medical, dental or health plan of Parent, Parent shall cause each such plan
to (i) waive any preexisting condition limitations to the extent such
conditions covered under the applicable medical, health or dental plans of
Parent, (ii) honor under such plans any deductible, co-payment and out-of-
pocket expenses incurred by the employees and their beneficiaries during the
portion of the calendar year prior to such participation and (iii) waive any
waiting period limitation or evidence of insurability requirement which would
otherwise be applicable to such employee on or after the Effective Time in
each case to the extent such employee had satisfied any similar limitation or
requirement under an analogous Plan prior to the Effective Time.   (d) For a
period of six months following the Effective Time, Parent or Parent Bank, at
their sole cost and expense, shall provide all employees of the Company and
its Subsidiaries whose employment was terminated other than for cause,
disability or retirement at or following the Effective Time, and who
so desires, job counseling and outplacement assistance services in accordance
with Parent\'s employment policies and practices, shall assist such employees
in locating new employment and shall notify all such employees who want to be
so notified of opportunities for positions with Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries for which Parent reasonably believes such persons are qualified
and shall consider any application for such positions submitted by such
persons, provided, however, that any decision to offer employment to any such
person shall be made in the sole discretion of Parent.   (e) All employees
of the Company or a Company Subsidiary as of the Effective Time shall become
employees of a Parent Subsidiary as of the Effective Time, and Parent or a
Parent Subsidiary will use its reasonable best efforts to give such persons
(other than any such person who is party to an employment agreement or a
severance agreement) at least four weeks prior written notice of any job
elimination after the Effective Time for a period of 90 days following the
Effective Time. Subject to such four-week notice requirement, Parent or
a Parent Subsidiary shall have no obligation to continue the employment of
any such person and nothing contained herein shall give any employee of the
Company or a Company Subsidiary the right to continue employment with Parent
or a Parent Subsidiary after the Effective Time. An employee of the Company
or a Company Subsidiary (other than an employee who is party to an employment
agreement or a severance agreement) whose employment is involuntarily
terminated other than for cause following the Effective Time shall be
entitled to receive severance payments in accordance with, and to the extent
provided in, the Parent employee severance plan with respect to the
Transactions, a copy of which the Company acknowledges has been provided to
it by Parent.     36     6.10. The Bank Merger. Parent and the Company
agree to take all action necessary and appropriate, including causing the
entering into of an appropriate merger agreement (the "Bank Merger
Agreement"), to cause the Company Bank to merge with and into Parent Bank
(the "Bank Merger") in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and
the terms of the Bank Merger Agreement as soon as practicable following
consummation of the Merger.   6.11 Parent Sub. Subject to the receipt of any
required approval of a Governmental Authority, Parent shall cause Parent Sub
to be organized promptly after the execution of this Agreement. Following the
organization of Parent Sub, Parent shall (i) cause Parent Sub to execute and
deliver this Agreement and take all necessary action to complete the Merger,
subject to the terms and conditions hereof, and (ii) adopt and ratify this
Agreement in its capacity as the sole shareholder of Parent Sub.   6.12.
Advisory Board. Upon consummation of the Transactions, Parent shall cause
Parent Bank to establish a Connecticut-based board of advisory directors of
the type it has established in other states in which it conducts
operations (the "Connecticut State Board") and to appoint thereto at least
three current directors of the Company mutually acceptable to Parent and the
Company. Persons who serve on the Connecticut State Board shall be paid a
retainer of $4,000 per year, as well as fees for attendance at meetings of
such Board and any committees thereof and an annual grant of options to
purchase shares of Parent common stock in accordance with the policies of
Parent Bank in effect from time to time.   6.13 Charitable Contributions.
During the three-year period following the ffective Date, Parent or Parent
Bank shall make charitable or civic contributions of at least $100,000 per
calendar year in the aggregate to organizations or causes based in or
operating in the greater Southington, Connecticut area. Such contributions
shall be made in consultation with the Connecticut State Board, which shall
assist Parent or Parent Bank in identifying charitable, civic or other
organizations to which such contributions shall be made.   6.14.
Noncompetition Agreement; Employment Agreement. Concurrently with
the execution of this Agreement by the Company and Parent, (i) Parent and
Robert D. Morton shall enter into a Noncompetition Agreement in the form of
Annex B hereto and (ii) Parent, Parent Bank and Robert D. Morton shall enter
into Amendment No. 2 to the Employment and Noncompetition Agreement, dated as
of February 1, 2000 and amended as of December 28, 2001, between the same in
the form of Annex C hereto.   6.15 Notification of Certain Matters. Each of
the Company and Parent shall give prompt notice to the other of any fact,
event or circumstance known to it that (i) is reasonably likely, individually
or taken together with all other facts, events and circumstances known to it,
to result in any Material Adverse Effect with respect to it or (ii) would
cause or constitute a material breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained herein.     37     
ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER   7.01. Conditions
to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective obligation
of each of the parties hereto to consummate the Merger is subject to the
fulfillment of each of the following conditions:   (a) Shareholder Approval.
This Agreement shall have been duly approved by holders of not less than a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock.   (b)
Regulatory Approvals. All regulatory approvals required to consummate the
Transactions shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force
and effect and all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof shall have
expired and no such approvals shall contain any conditions, restrictions or
requirements which the Parent Board reasonably determines in good faith
would, individually or in the aggregate, materially reduce the benefits of
the Transactions to such a degree that Parent would not have entered into
this Agreement had such conditions, restrictions or requirements been known
at the date hereof.   (c) No Injunction. No Governmental Authority of
competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other
order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is in effect and
prohibits consummation of the Transactions.   7.02. Conditions to
Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the
Merger is also subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by the Company
prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent
set forth in this Agreement, subject in all cases to the standard set forth
in Section 5.02, shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of the Effective Date
(except that representations and warranties that by their terms speak as
of the date of this Agreement or some other date shall be true and correct as
of such date), and the Company shall have received a certificate, dated
the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Parent by the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to such effect.   (b) Performance
of Obligations of Parent. Parent shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by them under this
Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and the Company shall
have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of
Parent by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of
Parent to such effect.   (c) Other Actions. Parent shall have furnished the
Company with such certificates of its respective officers or others and such
other documents to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set forth in
Sections 7.01 and 7.02 as the Company may reasonably request.   
38      7.03. Conditions to Obligations of Parent. The obligations of
Parent to consummate the Merger are also subject to the fulfillment or
written waiver by Parent prior to the Closing Date of each of the following
conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement, subject in all cases
to the standard set forth in Section 5.02, shall be true and correct as of
the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date as though made on and
as of the Effective Date (except that representations and warranties that by
their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some other date shall
be true and correct as of such date), and Parent shall have received a
certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Company by the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to
such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Company. The Company shall
have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and
Parent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on
behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company to such effect.   (c) Dissenting Shares. Dissenting
Shares shall not represent 10% or more of the outstanding Company Common
Stock.   (d) Other Agreements. The agreements referred to in Section 6.14
shall have been duly executed and delivered by the respective parties thereto
and shall be in full force and effect.   (e) Other Actions. The Company
shall have furnished Parent with such certificates of its officers or others
and such other documents to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set forth
in Sections 7.01 and 7.03 as Parent may reasonably request.    ARTICLE
VIII   TERMINATION   8.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated,
and the Transactions may be abandoned:   (a) Mutual Consent. At any time
prior to the Effective Time, by the mutual Consent of Parent and the Company
if the Board of Directors of each so determines by vote of a majority of the
members of its entire Board.   (b) Breach. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, by Parent or the Company if its Board of Directors so
determines by vote of a majority of the members of its entire Board, in the
event of: (i) a breach by Parent or the Company, as the case may be, of any
representation or warranty contained herein (subject to the standard set
forth in Section 5.02), which breach cannot be or has not been cured within
30 days after the giving of written notice to the breaching party    
39    or parties of such breach; or (ii) a breach by Parent or the
Company, as the case may be, of any of the covenants or agreements contained
herein, which breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the
giving of written notice to the breaching party or parties of such breach,
which breach (whether under (i) or (ii)) would be reasonably expected,
individually or in the aggregate with other breaches, to result in a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to Parent or the Company, as the case may be.  
(c) Delay. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by Parent or the Company
if its Board of Directors so determines by vote of a majority of the members
of its entire Board, in the event that the Transactions are not consummated
by December 31, 2002, except to the extent that the failure of the Merger
then to be consummated arises out of or results from the knowing action or
inaction of (i) the party seeking to terminate pursuant to this
Section 8.01(c) or (ii) any of the Shareholders (if the Company is the party
seeking to terminate), which action or inaction is in violation of its
obligations under this Agreement or, in the case of the Shareholders, his,
her or its obligations under the relevant Shareholder Agreement.   (d) No
Regulatory Approval. By the Company or Parent, if its Board of Directors so
determines by a vote of a majority of the members of its entire Board, in the
event (i) the approval of any Governmental Authority required
for consummation of the Transactions shall have been denied by final
nonappealable action of such Governmental Authority or an application
therefor shall have been permanently withdrawn at the request of a
Governmental Authority or (ii) the shareholder approval referred to in
Section 7.01(a) herein is not obtained at the Company Meeting.   (e) No
Shareholder Approval. By either Parent or the Company if any approval of the
shareholders of the Company contemplated by this Agreement shall not have
been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at the
Company Meeting.   (f) Failure to Recommend. At any time prior to the
Company Meeting, by Parent if (i) the Company shall have breached its
obligations under Section 6.06, (ii) the Company Board shall have failed to
make its recommendation referred to in Section 6.02, withdrawn such
recommendation or modified or changed such recommendation in a manner adverse
in any respect to the interests of Parent or (iii) the Company shall have
materially breached its obligations under Section 6.02 by failing to call,
give notice of, convene and hold the Company Meeting in accordance with
Section 6.02.   (g) Certain Tender or Exchange Offers. By Parent if a tender
offer or exchange offer for 10% or more of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock is commenced (other than by Parent or a Subsidiary thereof), and
the Company Board recommends that the shareholders of the Company tender
their shares in such tender or exchange offer or otherwise fails to recommend
that such shareholders reject such tender offer or exchange offer within the
10 business day period specified in Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange
Act.     40     8.02 Effect of Termination and Abandonment.    (a)
In the event of termination of this Agreement and the abandonment of the
Merger pursuant to this Article VIII, no party to this Agreement shall
have any liability or further obligation to any other party hereunder except
(i) as set forth in this Section 8.02 and Section 9.01 and (ii) that
termination will not relieve a breaching party from liability for any willful
breach of any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty of this
Agreement giving rise to such termination.   (b) The Company shall pay
Parent the sum of $7.5 million (the "Termination Fee") if this Agreement is
terminated as follows:   (i) if this Agreement is terminated by Parent
pursuant to Section  8.01(f) or (g); or   (ii) if this Agreement is
terminated by (A) Parent pursuant to  Section 8.01(b) or (B) by either Parent
or the Company pursuant to Section  8.01(e) and in the case of any
termination pursuant to clause (A) or (B) an  Acquisition Proposal shall have
been publicly announced or otherwise  communicated or made known to the
Company Board (or any Person shall have  publicly announced, communicated or
made known an intention, whether or not  conditional, to make an Acquisition
Proposal) at any time after the date of  this Agreement and prior to the
taking of the vote of the shareholders of  the Company contemplated by this
Agreement at the Company Meeting, in the  case of clause (B), or the date of
termination, in the case of clause (A),  then (x) the Company shall pay to
Parent an amount equal to $1.0 million on the second Business Day following
such termination, and (y) if within 18 months after such termination the
Company or a Subsidiary of the Company enters into an agreement with respect
to, or consummates, an Acquisition Proposal, then the Company shall pay to
Parent the Termination Fee (net of any payment made pursuant to clause (x)
above) on the date of execution of such agreement or consummation of an
Acquisition Proposal. Any amount that becomes payable pursuant to this
Section 8.02(b) shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to an account designated by Parent.   (c) The Company and Parent agree that
the agreement contained in paragraph (b) of this Section 8.02 is an integral
part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, that without such
agreement Parent would not have entered into this Agreement and that such
amounts do not constitute a penalty or liquidated damages in the event of a
breach of this Agreement by the Company. If the Company fails to pay Parent
the amounts due under paragraph (b) above within the time periods specified
therein, the Company shall pay the costs and expenses (including reasonable
legal fees and expenses) incurred by Parent in connection with any action in
which Parent prevails, including the filing of any lawsuit, taken to collect
payment of such amounts, together with interest on the amount of any such
unpaid amounts at the prime lending rate prevailing during such period as
published in The Wall Street Journal, calculated on a daily basis from the
date such amounts were required to be paid until the date of actual
payment.     41     ARTICLE IX   MISCELLANEOUS   9.01. Survival.
No representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this
Agreement shall survive the Effective Time (other than agreements or
covenants contained herein that by their express terms are to be performed
after the Effective Time) or the termination of this Agreement if
this Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Time (other than
Sections 6.05(b), 8.02 and, excepting Section 9.12 hereof, this Article IX,
which shall survive any such termination). Notwithstanding anything in the
foregoing to the contrary, no representations, warranties, agreements and
covenants contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be terminated or
extinguished so as to deprive a party hereto or any of its affiliates of any
defense at law or in equity which otherwise would be available against the
claims of any Person, including without limitation any shareholder or former
shareholder.   9.02. Waiver; Amendment. Prior to the Effective Time, any
provision of this Agreement may be (i) waived by the party benefited by the
provision or (ii) amended or modified at any time, by an agreement in writing
among the parties hereto executed in the same manner as this Agreement,
except that after the Company Meeting no amendment shall be made which by law
requires further approval by the shareholders of the Company without
obtaining such approval.   9.03. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
constitute an original.   9.04. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be
governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Maine applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such
State.   9.05 Expenses. Each party hereto will bear all expenses incurred by
it in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, including fees and
expenses of its own financial consultants, accountants and counsel, provided
that nothing contained herein shall limit either party\'s rights to recover
any liabilities or damages arising out of the other party\'s willful breach
of any provision of this Agreement.   9.06. Notices. All notices, requests
and other communications hereunder to a party shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given if personally delivered, mailed by registered or certified
mail (return receipt requested) or sent by reputable courier service to such
party at its address set forth below or such other address as such party may
specify by notice to the parties hereto.     42      If to the
Company to:   Bancorp Connecticut, Inc.  121 Main Street  Southington,
Connecticut 06489  Attention: Robert D. Morton  Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer  Fax: (860) 620-6617   With a copy to:   Robinson
and Cole LLP  280 Trumbull Street  Hartford, Connecticut 06103-3597 
Attention: Edward J. Samorajczyk, Jr., Esq.  Fax: (860) 275-8299   If to
Parent to:   Banknorth Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square 
Portland, Maine 04112-9540  Attention: William J. Ryan  Chairman,
President  and Chief Executive Officer  Fax: (207) 761-8587   With a copy
to:   Elias, Matz, Tiernan and Herrick L.L.P.  12th Floor, The Walker
Building  734 15th Street, N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20005  Attention: Gerard
L. Hawkins, Esq.  Fax: (202) 347-2172   9.07. Entire Understanding; No
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the Shareholder Agreements
represent the entire understanding of the parties hereto and thereto with
reference to the Transactions and this Agreement and the Shareholder
Agreements supersede any and all other oral or written agreements heretofore
made. Except for the Indemnified Parties\' right to enforce Parent\'s
obligation under Section 6.08, which are expressly intended to be for the
irrevocable benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party
and his or her heirs and representatives, nothing in this
Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person, other
than the parties hereto or their respective successors, any rights, remedies,
obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.    
43    9.08. Severability. Except to the extent that application of
this Section 9.08 would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or
Parent, any term or provision of this Agreement which is invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of
this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. In all such cases, the
parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to substitute a valid, legal
and enforceable provision which, insofar as practicable, implements the
original purposes and intents of this Agreement.   9.09. Enforcement of the
Agreement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in
the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any
state having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity.   9.10. Interpretation. When a
reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such
reference shall be to a Section of, or Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation."   9.11. Assignment. No party may assign either this Agreement
or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior
written approval of the other party. Subject to the preceding sentence, this
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.   9.12.
Alternative Structure. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, Parent may at any time modify the structure of the acquisition of
the Company set forth herein, subject to the prior written consent of the
Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,
provided that (i) the Merger Consideration to be paid to the holders
of Company Common Stock is not thereby changed in kind or reduced in amount
as a result of such modification and (ii) such modification will not
materially delay or jeopardize receipt of any required approvals of
Governmental Authorities or otherwise materially delay consummation of the
Merger.    44     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be executed in counterparts by their duly authorized
officers, all as of the day and year first above written.     BANKNORTH
GROUP, INC.     By: /s/ Carol L. Mitchell 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Carol L. Mitchell  Title:
Executive Vice President, General  Counsel and Secretary    BANCORP
CONNECTICUT, INC.     By: /s/ Robert D. Morton 
----------------------------------------  Name: Robert D. Morton  Title:
Chairman, President and Chief  Executive Officer    45       ANNEX
A   SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT   SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated
as of April 10, 2002, by and between _________, a shareholder ("Shareholder")
of Bancorp Connecticut, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and
Banknorth Group, Inc., a Maine corporation ("Parent"). All terms used herein
and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Merger
Agreement (defined below).   WHEREAS, Parent and the Company have entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (the
"Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which a newly-formed subsidiary of Parent
will merge with and into the Company on the terms and conditions set forth
therein and, in connection therewith, outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock will be converted into the right to receive the cash consideration set
forth therein; and   WHEREAS, Shareholder owns the shares of Company Common
Stock identified on Annex I hereto (such shares, together with all shares of
Company Common Stock subsequently acquired by Shareholder during the term of
this Agreement, being referred to as the "Shares"); and   WHEREAS, in order
to induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, Shareholder, solely in
such Shareholder\'s capacity as a shareholder of the Company and not in any
other capacity, has agreed to enter into and perform this Agreement;   NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   1. Agreement to Vote Shares. Shareholder agrees that at any 
meeting of the shareholders of the Company to vote on the Merger  Agreement,
or in connection with any written consent of the shareholders  of the Company
in connection with the same, Shareholder shall:   (i) appear at each such
meeting or otherwise cause the  Shares to be counted as present thereat for
purposes of calculating a  quorum; and   (ii) vote (or cause to be voted),
in person or by proxy, or  deliver a written consent (or cause a consent to
be delivered) covering,  all the Shares (whether acquired heretofore or
hereafter) that are  beneficially owned by Shareholder or as to which
Shareholder has,  directly or indirectly, the right to vote or direct the
voting, (x) in  favor of adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and
the Merger  and any other action requested by Parent in furtherance thereof;
(y)  against any action or agreement that would result in a breach of any 
covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or  agreement of
the Company contained in the Merger Agreement or of 
Shareholder        contained in this Agreement; and (z) against any
Acquisition Proposal or  any other action, agreement or transaction that is
intended, or could  reasonably be expected, to materially impede, interfere
or be  inconsistent with, delay, postpone, discourage or materially and 
adversely affect consummation of the Merger or this Agreement.   2. No
Transfers Prior to the Company Meeting (as defined in the  Merger Agreement),
Shareholder agrees not to, directly or indirectly,  sell, transfer, pledge,
assign or otherwise dispose of, or enter into  any contract option,
commitment or other arrangement or understanding  with respect to the sale,
transfer, pledge, assignment or other  disposition of, any of the Shares. In
the case of any transfer by  operation of law, this Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the  transferee(s). Any transfer or other
disposition in violation of the  terms of this Section 2 shall be null and
void.   3. Representations and Warranties of Shareholder. Shareholder 
represents and warrants to and agrees with Parent as follows:   A. Capacity.
Shareholder has all requisite capacity and  authority to enter into and
perform his, her or its obligations under  this Agreement.   B. Binding
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the valid and  legally binding
obligation of Shareholder, subject to bankruptcy,  insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar  laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights  and to general
equity principles.   C. Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of
this  Agreement by Shareholder does not, and the performance by Shareholder
of  his, her or its obligations hereunder and the consummation by 
Shareholder of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, violate or 
conflict with, or constitute a default under, any agreement, instrument, 
contract or other obligation or any order, arbitration award, judgment  or
decree to which Shareholder is a party or by which Shareholder is  bound, or
any statute, rule or regulation to which Shareholder is  subject or, in the
event that Shareholder is a corporation, partnership,  trust or other entity,
any charter, bylaw or other organizational  document of Shareholder.   D.
Ownership of Shares. Shareholder has good title to all of the  Shares as of
the date hereof, and, except as set forth on Annex I  hereto, the Shares are
so owned free and clear of any liens, security  interests, charges or other
encumbrances.   4. Specific Performance and Remedies. Shareholder
acknowledges  that it will be impossible to measure in money the damage to
Parent if  Shareholder fails to comply with the obligations imposed by this 
Agreement and that, in the event of any such failure, Parent will not  have
an adequate remedy at law or in equity. Accordingly, Shareholder  agrees that
injunctive relief or other equitable remedy, in addition to  remedies at law
or in damages, is the appropriate remedy for any such  failure and will not
oppose the granting of such relief on the basis  that Parent has an adequate
remedy at law. Shareholder agrees that  Shareholder will not seek, and agrees
to waive any requirement for, the  securing or    2     posting of a
bond in connection with Parent\'s seeking or obtaining such  equitable
relief. In addition, after discussing the matter with  Shareholder, Parent
shall have the right to inform any third party that  Parent reasonably
believes to be, or to be contemplating, participating  with Shareholder or
receiving from Shareholder assistance in violation  of this Agreement, of the
terms of this Agreement and of the rights of  Parent hereunder, and that
participation by any such persons with  Shareholder in activities in
violation of Shareholder\'s agreement with  Parent set forth in this
Agreement may give rise to claims by Parent  against such third party.   5.
Term of Agreement; Termination.   A. The term of this Agreement shall
commence on the date hereof.   B. This Agreement shall terminate upon the
date, if any, of  termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its
terms.  Upon such termination, no party shall have any further obligations
or  liabilities hereunder; provided, however, such termination shall not 
relieve any party from liability for any breach of this Agreement  prior to
such termination.   C. If the Merger Agreement is not terminated in
accordance with  its terms, this Agreement (except for the provisions of
Sections 3, 8  and 9, which shall survive the Effective Time) shall terminate
upon  the Effective Time. Upon such termination, no party shall have any 
further obligations or liabilities under this Agreement; provided,  however,
such termination shall not relieve any party from liability  for any breach
of such Section prior to such termination.   6. Entire Agreement. This
Agreement supersedes all prior  agreements, written or oral, among the
parties hereto with respect to  the subject matter hereof and contains the
entire agreement among the  parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof. This Agreement may  not be amended, supplemented or modified, and no
provisions hereof may  be modified or waived, except by an instrument in
writing signed by each  party hereto. No waiver of any provisions hereof by
either party shall  be deemed a waiver of any other provisions hereof by any
such party, nor  shall any such waiver be deemed a continuing waiver of any
provision  hereof by such party.   7. Notices. All notices, requests,
claims, demands or other  communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given  when delivered personally and on the next business day
when sent by a  reputable overnight courier service to the parties at the
following  addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by  like notice):    3      If to Parent:   Banknorth
Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square  Portland, Maine
04112-9540  Attention: William J. Ryan  Chairman, President and  Chief
Executive Officer  Fax: (207) 761-8587    With a copy to:   Elias, Matz,
Tiernan and Herrick, L.L.P.  734 15th Street, N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20005 
Attn: Gerard L. Hawkins, Esq.  Fax: (202) 347-2172   If to Shareholder: 
------------------------  ------------------------ 
------------------------  With a copy to:   Robinson and Cole LLP  280
Trumbull Street  Hartford, Connecticut 06103-3597  Attention: Edward J.
Samorajczyk, Jr.  Fax: (860) 275-8299   8. Miscellaneous.   A.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the  application of such
provision to any person or circumstances shall be  held invalid or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such  provision or
application shall be unenforceable only to the extent of  such invalidity or
unenforceability, and the remainder of the provision  held invalid or
unenforceable and the application of such provision to  persons or
circumstances, other than the party as to which it is held  invalid, and the
remainder of this Agreement, shall not be affected.   B. Capacity. The
covenants contained herein shall apply to  Shareholder solely in his or her
capacity as a shareholder of the  Company, and no covenant contained herein
shall apply to Shareholder in  his or her capacity as a director, officer
or    4     employee of the Company or in any other capacity. Nothing
contained in  this Agreement shall be deemed to apply to, or limit in any
manner, the  obligations of the Shareholder to comply with his or her
fiduciary  duties as a director of the Company.   C. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more  counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed to be an original but all of  which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.   D. Headings. All Section headings herein are for
convenience of  reference only and are not part of this Agreement, and no
construction  or reference shall be derived therefrom.   E. CHOICE OF LAW.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED A CONTRACT MADE  UNDER, AND FOR ALL PURPOSES
SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE  LAWS OF THE STATE OF MAINE,
WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICTS OF LAW  PRINCIPLES.   9. Attorney\'s
Fees. The prevailing party or parties in any  litigation, arbitration,
mediation, bankruptcy, insolvency or other  proceeding ("Proceeding")
relating to the enforcement or interpretation  of this Agreement may recover
from the unsuccessful party or parties all  fees and disbursements of counsel
(including expert witness and other  consultants\' fees and costs) relating
to or arising out of (a) the  Proceeding (whether or not the Proceeding
proceeds to judgment), and (b)  any post-judgment or post-award proceeding
including, without  limitation, one to enforce or collect any judgment or
award resulting  from the Proceeding. All such judgments and awards shall
contain a  specific provision for the recovery of all such subsequently
incurred  costs, expenses, and fees and disbursements of counsel.   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered
this Agreement as of the date first written above.   BANKNORTH GROUP,
INC.    By:  -------------------------------------  Name: Carol L.
Mitchell  Title: Executive Vice President, General  Counsel and
Secretary    [SHAREHOLDER]   
-----------------------------------------  (Signature)     5    
ANNEX I  SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT   Number of Shares Owned:         
6      ANNEX B   NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT    Noncompetition
Agreement (the "Agreement"), dated as of April 10, 2002, between Banknorth
Group, Inc. (the "Company") and Robert D. Morton (the "Executive").   
WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, Banknorth has determined that it is in the best
interests of its shareholders to have the Executive undertake certain
noncompetition and other obligations set forth herein following consummation
of the merger (the "Merger") of a newly-formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company with and into Bancorp Connecticut, Inc. ("Bancorp") pursuant to
an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof, between the
Company and Bancorp (the "Merger Agreement");   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein and other good and
valuable consideration, the parties hereto agree as follows:   1. Agreement
Consideration.   In consideration for execution of this Agreement and the
Executive\'s performance of the covenants of the Executive contained herein,
the Company agrees to pay to the Executive $1,010,000 on the first business
day following consummation of the Merger or on such later date as the parties
hereto may agree.   2. Non-Compete.   The Executive agrees that during
the three-year period following consummation of the Merger the Executive will
not, directly or indirectly, (i) become a director, officer, employee,
principal, agent, consultant or independent contractor of any insured
depository institution, trust company or parent holding company of any such
institution or company which has an office in Connecticut (a "Competing
Business"), provided, however, that this provision shall not prohibit the
Executive from owning bonds, non-voting preferred stock or up to five percent
(5%) of the outstanding common stock of any such entity if such common stock
is publicly traded, (ii) solicit or induce, or cause others to solicit or
induce, any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to leave the
employment of such entities or (iii) solicit (whether by mail, telephone,
personal meeting or any other means) any customer of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries to transact business with any other entity, whether or not a
Competing Business, or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the
Company or its subsidiaries, or interfere with or damage (or attempt
to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Company or
its subsidiaries and any such customers.        3.
Confidentiality.   Except as required by law or regulation (including
without limitation in connection with any judicial or administrative process
or proceeding), the Executive shall keep secret and confidential and shall
not disclose to any third party (other than the Company or its subsidiaries)
in any fashion or for any purpose whatsoever any information regarding the
Company, Bancorp or any of their respective subsidiaries which is not
available to the general public to which he had access at any time during the
course of his employment by Bancorp or its subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, any such information relating to: business or operations; plans,
strategies, prospects or objectives; products, technology, processes or
specifications; research and development operations or plans; customers and
customer lists; distribution, sales, service, support and marketing practices
and operations; financial condition, results of operations and prospects;
operational strengths and weaknesses; and personnel and compensation policies
and procedures.   4. Injunctive Relief.   (a) The Executive agrees that
damages at law will be an insufficient remedy to the Company in the event
that the Executive violates any of the provisions of Sections 2 or 3, and
that the Company may apply for and, upon the requisite showing, have
injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction to restrain the
breach or threatened or attempted breach of or otherwise to specifically
enforce any of the covenants contained in Sections 2 or 3. The Executive
hereby consents to any injunction (temporary or otherwise) which may be
issued against the Executive and to any other court order which may be
issued against the Executive from violating, or directing the Executive to
comply with, any of the covenants in Sections 2 and 3. The Executive also
agrees that such remedies shall be in addition to any and all remedies,
including damages, available to the Company against the Executive for such
breaches or threatened or attempted breaches.   (b) In addition to the
Company\'s rights set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section 4, in the event
that the Executive shall violate the terms and conditions of Sections 2 or 3
of this Agreement, the Company and its subsidiaries may terminate any
payments or benefits of any type and regardless of source payable by the
Company or its subsidiaries, if applicable, to the Executive.   5.
Release.   (a) For, and in consideration of the commitments made herein by
the Company, the Executive, for himself and for his heirs, successors and
assigns, does hereby release completely and forever discharge the Company and
its subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, attorneys, officers, directors,
agents, employees, successors and assigns, and any other party associated
with the Company (the "Released Parties"), to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, from any and all claims, rights, demands, actions,
liabilities, obligations, causes of action of any and all kind, nature and
character whatsoever, known or unknown, in any way connected with his
employment by Bancorp or any of its subsidiaries (including in each case
predecessors thereof), either as a director, officer or employee, or
termination of such employment.    2     Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Executive does not release the Company from any obligations of
the Company to the Executive under (i) any employee benefit or compensation
plan, contract, policy or arrangement of Bancorp or Southington Savings Bank,
including but not limited to stock option agreements, whether or not referred
to in this Agreement, pursuant to which the Executive has any accrued rights
or is entitled to any benefits or payments (the "Employee Benefit Plans"),
(ii) the Employment and Noncompetition Agreement, dated as of February 1,
2000, among Bancorp, Southington Savings Bank and the Executive, as
amended as of December 28, 2001 by Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated as of the
date of this Agreement (the "Employment Agreement"), (iii) Section 6.08 of
the Merger Agreement and (iv) this Agreement.   (b) For and in
consideration of the commitments made herein by the Executive, including
without limitation the releases in paragraph (a) above, the Company, for
itself, and for its successors and assigns does hereby release completely and
forever discharge the Executive and his heirs, successors and assigns, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from any and all claims, rights,
demands, actions, liabilities, obligations, causes of action of any and all
kind, nature and character whatsoever, known or unknown, in any way connected
with the Executive\'s employment by Bancorp or any of its
subsidiaries (including predecessors thereof), either as a director, officer
or employee. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, the
Company does not release the Executive from claims arising out of any breach
by the Executive of (i) any law or regulation by the Executive during the
term of and related to his employment by Bancorp or any of its subsidiaries
(including predecessors thereof), either as a director, officer or employee,
or (ii) this Agreement.   6. Representations and Warranties. The Company and
the Executive represent and warrant to each other that they have carefully
read this Agreement and consulted with respect thereto with their respective
counsel and that each of them fully understands the content of this Agreement
and its legal effect. Each party hereto also represents and warrants that
this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party which
is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.   7. Successors and
Assigns. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Executive and his heirs, successors and assigns, and upon the Company,
including any successor to the Company by merger or consolidation or any
other change in form or any other person or firm or corporation to which all
or substantially all of the assets and business of the Company may be sold or
otherwise transferred. This Agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto
without the consent of the other party.   8. Notices. Any communication to a
party required or permitted under this Agreement, including any notice,
direction, designation, consent, instruction, objection or waiver, shall be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been given at such time as it is
delivered personally, or five (5) days after mailing if mailed, postage
prepaid, by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed
to such party at the address listed below or at such other address as one
such party may by written notice specify to the other party or parties, as
applicable:      3      If to the Executive:   Robert D. Morton 
1090 Pleasant Street  Southington, Connecticut 06489    If to the
Company:   Banknorth Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square 
Portland, Maine 04112-9540  Attention: President   9. Certain Additional
Payments by the Company.   (a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in the event it shall be
determined that any payment or distribution by the Company, Bancorp or
Southington Savings Bank to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid
or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement or otherwise, but determined without regard to any additional
payments required under this Section 9) (a "Payment") would be subject to the
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties
are incurred by the Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise
tax, together with any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Excise Tax"), then the Executive shall be
entitled to receive an additional payment (a "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount
such that after payment by the Executive of all taxes (including any interest
or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes), including, without
limitation, any income taxes (and any interest and penalties imposed with
respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment, the
Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise
Tax imposed upon the Payments.   (b) Subject to the provisions of Section
9(c), all determinations required to be made under this Section 9, including
whether and when a Gross-Up Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-
Up Payment and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such
determination, shall be made by KPMG LLP or such other certified public
accounting firm as may be designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable
to the Executive (the "Accounting Firm"), which shall provide detailed
supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within 15
business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive that there has been
a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the Company. All fees and
expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any
Gross-Up Payment, as determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid
by the Company to the Executive within five days of the later of (i) the due
date for the payment of any Excise Tax and (ii) the receipt of the Accounting
Firm\'s determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be
binding upon the Company and the Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in
the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial
determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible    
4     that Gross-Up Payments which will not have been made by the Company
should have been made (an "Underpayment"), consistent with the calculations
required to be made hereunder. In the event that the Company exhausts its
remedies pursuant to Section 9(c) and the Executive thereafter is required to
make a payment of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the
amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall
be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive.  
(c) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the
Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by
the Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as
soon as practicable but no later than ten business days after the Executive
is informed in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the
nature of such claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be
paid. The Executive shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the
30-day period following the date on which it gives such notice to the Company
(or such shorter period ending on the date that any payment of taxes with
respect to such claim is due). If the Company notifies the Executive in
writing prior to the expiration of such period that it desires to contest
such claim, the Executive shall:   (i) give the Company any information
reasonably requested by the Company relating to such claim;   (ii) take
such action in connection with contesting such claim as the Company shall
reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, without
limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by an
attorney reasonably selected by the Company;   (iii) cooperate with the
Company in good faith in order effectively to contest such claim; and  
(iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to such
claim;  provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all
costs and expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in
connection with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive
harmless, on an after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including
interest and penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such
representation and payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the
foregoing provisions of this Section 9(c), the Company shall control all
proceedings taken in connection with such contest and, at its sole option,
may pursue or forego any and all administrative appeals, proceedings,
hearings and conferences with the taxing authority in respect of such claim
and may, at its sole option, either direct the Executive to pay the tax
claimed and sue for a refund or contest the claim in any permissible manner,
and the Executive agrees to prosecute such contest to a determination before
any administrative tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or
more appellate courts, as the Company shall determine; provided, however,
that if the Company directs the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a
refund, the Company shall advance the amount of such payment to the
Executive, on an interest-free basis, and shall indemnify and hold the
Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or    
5     income tax (including interest or penalties with respect thereto)
imposed with respect to such advance or with respect to any imputed income
with respect to such advance; and further provided that any extension of the
statute of limitations relating to payment of taxes for the taxable year of
the Executive with respect to which such contested amount is claimed to be
due is limited solely to such contested amount. Furthermore, the Company\'s
control of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which a
Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and the Executive shall be
entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by
the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.   (d) If, after
the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to
Section 9(c), the Executive becomes entitled to receive any refund with
respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to the Company\'s
complying with the requirements of Section 9(c)) promptly pay to the Company
the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by
the Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c),
a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any
refund with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the
Executive in writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to
the expiration of 30 days after such determination, then such advance shall
be forgiven and shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such
advance shall offset, to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment
required to be paid.   10. Withholding. The Company may withhold from any
amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign
taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or
regulation.   11. Entire Agreement; Severability.   (a) This Agreement
incorporates the entire understanding between the parties relating to the
subject matter hereof, recites the sole consideration for the promises
exchanged and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings, whether
written or oral, between the Company and the Executive with respect to the
subject matter hereof, provided that, except as provided in Section 4(b)
hereof, nothing contained herein shall affect the obligations of the Company
to the Executive under (i) any Employee Benefit Plan as defined in Section
5(a) hereof, (ii) the Employment Agreement or (iii) Section 6.08 of
the Merger Agreement. In reaching this Agreement, no party has relied upon
any representation or promise except those set forth herein and, in the case
of the Company, Amendment No. 2 to the Employment Agreement.   (b) Any term
or provision of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of
such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or
unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement
or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions
of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this
Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. In all such cases, the
parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to substitute a valid, legal
and enforceable provision which, insofar as practicable, implements the
original purposes and intents of this Agreement.      6     12.
Waiver. Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms,
covenants or conditions hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such
term, covenant or condition. A waiver of any provision of this Agreement must
be made in writing, designated as a waiver and signed by the party against
whom its enforcement is sought. Any waiver or relinquishment of any right or
power hereunder at any one or more times shall not be deemed a waiver
or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times.   13.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute
one and the same Agreement.   14. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of Maine applicable to agreements made and entirely to be performed
within such jurisdiction.   15. Headings. The headings of sections in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not intended to
qualify the meaning of any section. Any reference to a section number shall
refer to a section of this Agreement, unless otherwise stated.   16.
Effectiveness. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, the effectiveness of this Agreement shall be subject to
consummation of the Merger in accordance with the terms of the
Merger Agreement, as the same may be amended by the parties thereto in
accordance with its terms.    7      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
and the Executive have entered into this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.    BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.     By: 
-----------------------------------  Name: Carol L. Mitchell  Title:
Executive Vice President,  General Counsel and Secretary     
-----------------------------------  Robert D. Morton     8     ANNEX
C    AMENDMENT NO. 2  TO  EMPLOYMENT AND NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT  
Amendment No. 2, dated as of April 10, 2002, to the Employment
and Noncompetition Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2000 and amended as
of December 28, 2001 (the "Employment Agreement"), among Bancorp Connecticut,
Inc. ("Parent Corp."), Southington Savings Bank (the "Bank") and Robert D.
Morton (the "Executive").   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 15
of the Employment Agreement, the parties to the Employment Agreement desire
to amend the Employment Agreement;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises, the mutual agreements set forth herein and such other consideration
the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as
follows:   1. Section 21. Section 21 of the Employment Agreement is
hereby amended to read as follows:   21. Limitation of Benefits under
Certain Circumstances.   (a) If the payments and benefits pursuant to
Section 9(a) hereof, either  alone or together with other payments and
benefits which the Executive has  the right to receive from the Bank or
Parent Corp., would constitute a  "parachute payment" under Section 280G of
the Internal Revenue Code of  1986, as amended (the "Code"), the payments and
benefits payable by the  Bank and Parent Corp. pursuant to Section 9(a)
hereof shall be reduced, in  the manner determined by the Executive (or in
the absence of any such  determination by the Executive, by the Company), by
the amount, if any,  which is the minimum necessary to result in no portion
of the payments and  benefits payable by the Bank and Parent Corp. under
Section 9(a) being  non-deductible to the Bank and Parent Corp. (or any
successors thereto)  pursuant to Section 280G of the Code and subject to the
excise tax imposed  under Section 4999 of the Code. The parties hereto agree
that the present  value of the payments and benefits payable pursuant to this
Agreement to  the Executive upon termination of the Executive\'s employment
pursuant to  Section 9(a) shall be limited to three times the Executive\'s
"base amount,"  as that term is defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code,
less one dollar.  The determination of any reduction in the payments and
benefits to be made  pursuant to Section 9(a) shall be based upon an analysis
prepared by KPMG  LLP and paid by the Bank. KPMG LLP shall promptly prepare
the foregoing  analysis, but in no event later than ten (10) days from the
date of  termination of the Executive\'s employment pursuant to Section 9(a),
and may  use such actuaries as it may deem necessary or advisable for the
purpose.  Nothing contained herein shall result in a reduction of any
payments or  benefits to which the Executive may be entitled upon termination
of  employment under any circumstances other than as specified in this
Section  21, or a reduction in the payments and benefits specified in Section
9(a)  below zero.        2. Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be
deemed effective as of the date first above written, provided that,
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the effectiveness of this
Amendment shall be subject to consummation of the merger of a newly-formed
wholly owned subsidiary of Banknorth Group, Inc. ("Banknorth") with and into
Parent Corp. pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April
10, 2002, between Banknorth and Parent Corp, as the same may be amended by
the parties thereto in accordance with its terms. Except as expressly set
forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise alter,
modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms conditions, obligations,
covenants or agreements contained in the Employment Agreement, all of which
are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force
and effect and shall be otherwise unaffected.   3. Governing Law. This
Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws the
State of Connecticut applicable to agreements made and entirely to be
performed within such State.   4. Counterparts. This Amendment may be
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes
be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute but one and
the same instrument.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Amendment to be executed in counterparts by their duly authorized
officers as of the day and year first above written.    BANKNORTH GROUP,
INC.     By:  -------------------------------  Name: Carol L. Mitchell 
Title: Executive Vice President,  General Counsel and Secretary    BANCORP
CONNECTICUT, INC.     By:  --------------------------------  Name: 
Title:      2        SOUTHINGTON SAVINGS BANK     By: 
----------------------------------  Name:  Title:   EXECUTIVE:    
By:  ----------------------------------  Name: Robert D. Morton    
3        '

