 AGREEMENT and PLAN OF MERGER    1  Exhibit
2.1      ================================================================================     
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    DATED AS OF JUNE 11, 2001   
BETWEEN    BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.,    AND    ANDOVER BANCORP,
INC.     ================================================================================   
2   TABLE OF CONTENTS   RECITALS   ARTICLE I   CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS     Page No.  -------  ~~  1.01. Certain
Definitions................................................................1  
ARTICLE II   THE MERGER  2.01. The
Merger.........................................................................8 2.02.
Effective Date and Effective Time;
Closing.........................................9   ARTICLE III  
CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE PROCEDURES  3.01. Merger
Consideration...............................................................9 3.02.
Rights as Shareholders; Stock
Transfers...........................................10 3.03. Fractional
Shares.................................................................10 3.04.
Exchange
Procedures...............................................................10 3.05.
Anti-Dilution
Provisions..........................................................11 3.06.
Company Options; Stock
Units......................................................11   ARTICLE
IV   ACTIONS PENDING ACQUISITION  4.01. Forbearances of the
Company.......................................................12 4.02.
Forbearances of
Parent............................................................15  
ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  5.01. Disclosure
Schedules..............................................................16 5.02.
Standard..........................................................................16 5.03.
Representations and Warranties of the
Company.....................................16 5.04. Representations and
Warranties of Parent..........................................28    i 
3     ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS  ~~  6.01. Reasonable Best
Efforts...........................................................33 6.02.
Shareholder
Approval..............................................................33 6.03.
Registration
Statement............................................................33 6.04.
Regulatory
Filings................................................................34 6.05.
Press
Releases....................................................................35 6.06.
Access;
Information...............................................................35 6.07.
Affiliates........................................................................36 6.08.
Acquisition
Proposals.............................................................36 6.09.
Certain
Policies..................................................................37 6.10.
Nasdaq
Listing....................................................................37 6.11.
Indemnification...................................................................37 6.12.
Benefit
Plans.....................................................................39 6.13.
Directors.........................................................................40 6.14.
Bank
Mergers......................................................................40 6.15.
Consulting
Agreement..............................................................41 6.16.
Company Rights
Agreement..........................................................41 6.17.
Notification of Certain
Matters...................................................41   ARTICLE
VII   CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER  7.01. Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger........................42 7.02.
Conditions to Obligation of the
Company...........................................43 7.03. Conditions to
Obligations of Parent...............................................43  
ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION  8.01.
Termination.......................................................................44 8.02.
Effect of Termination and
Abandonment.............................................45   ARTICLE IX  
MISCELLANEOUS  9.01.
Survival..........................................................................46 9.02.
Waiver;
Amendment.................................................................46 9.03.
Counterparts......................................................................46 9.04.
Governing
Law.....................................................................46 9.05.
Expenses..........................................................................46 9.06.
Notices...........................................................................46   
ii  4    ~~  9.07. Entire Understanding; No Third Party
Beneficiaries................................47 9.08.
Severability......................................................................48 9.09.
Enforcement of the
Agreement......................................................48 9.10.
Interpretation....................................................................48 9.11.
Assignment........................................................................48 9.12.
Alternative
Structure.............................................................48  EXHIBIT
A Form of Shareholder Agreement EXHIBIT B Form of Stock Option
Agreement     iii  5    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of June
11, 2001 (this "Agreement"), between Banknorth Group, Inc. ("Parent") and
Andover Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company").   RECITALS   A. The Company. The
Company is a Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business in
Andover, Massachusetts.   B. Parent. Parent is a Maine corporation, having
its principal place of business in Portland, Maine.   C. Intention of the
Parties. It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the Merger
provided for herein be treated as a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").   D. Board
Action. The respective Boards of Directors of each of Parent and the Company
have determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
companies and their shareholders to consummate the Merger provided for
herein.   E. Shareholder Agreements. As a material inducement to Parent
to enter into this Agreement, and simultaneously with, the execution of
this Agreement, each Shareholder (as defined herein) is entering into an
agreement, in the form of Exhibit A hereto (collectively, the "Shareholder
Agreements") pursuant to which they have agreed, among other things, to vote
their shares of Company Common Stock in favor of this Agreement.   F. Stock
Option Agreement. As a material inducement to the willingness of Parent to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company is
simultaneously entering into the Stock Option Agreement, substantially in the
form of Exhibit B hereto (the "Stock Option Agreement"), pursuant to which
the Company will grant to Parent an option to acquire shares of Company
Common Stock.     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of
the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained
herein the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I.   CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS   1.01. Certain Definitions. The following terms are used in
this Agreement with the meanings set forth below:   "Acquisition Proposal"
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.   "Agreement" means this
Agreement, as amended or modified from  time to time in accordance with
Section 9.02.    6   "Articles of Merger" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.02.   "Bank Insurance Fund" means the Bank Insurance Fund
maintained by  the FDIC.   "Bank Merger Agreements" has the meaning set
forth in Section  6.14.   "Bank Mergers" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.14.   "Benefit Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(m).   "Business Day" means Monday through Friday of each week, except
a  legal holiday recognized as such by the U.S. Government or any day on 
which banking institutions in the State of Maine or the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts are authorized or obligated to close.   "Certificate of
Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section  2.02.   "Certificate" means
any certificate which immediately prior to  the Effective Time represented
shares of Company Common Stock.   "Closing" and "Closing Date" have the
meanings set forth in  Section 2.02(b).   "Code" has the meaning set forth
in the recitals to this  Agreement.   "Community Reinvestment Act" means
the Community Reinvestment Act  of 1977, as amended.   "Company" has the
meaning set forth in the preamble to this  Agreement.   "Company
Affiliates" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.07.   "Company Articles"
means the Certificate of Incorporation of the  Company.   "Company Banks"
means Andover Bank and Gloucester Bank and Trust  Company.   "Company Board"
means the Board of Directors of the Company.   "Company Bylaws" means the
Bylaws of the Company.   "Company Common Stock" means the common stock,
$0.10 par value  per share, of the Company and, unless the context otherwise
requires,  related Company Rights.   "Company Deferred Compensation Plan"
means the Deferred  Compensation Plan for Directors of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.   "Company ESOP" means the Andover Bank Employees\' Stock
Ownership  Plan, restated as of January 1, 1997.   "Company Group" means
any "affiliated group" (as defined in  Section 1504(a) of     2  7  
the Code without regard to the limitations contained in Section 1504(b)  of
the Code) that includes the Company and its Subsidiaries or any  predecessor
of or any successor to the Company (or to another such  predecessor or
successor).   "Company Loan Property" has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.03(o).   "Company Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02.  
"Company Preferred Stock" means the preferred stock, $0.10 per  share, of the
Company.   "Company Stock" means, collectively, the Company Common Stock
and  the Company Preferred Stock.   "Company Options" means the options to
acquire Company Common  Stock issued under the Company Stock Option
Plans.   "Company Regulatory Authorities" has the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.03(i).   "Company Rights" means the rights attached to shares of
Company  Common Stock pursuant to the Company Rights Agreement.   "Company
Rights Agreement" means the Shareholder Rights Agreement  between the Company
and FleetBoston, N.A., as Rights Agent, dated as of  January 21, 1999.  
"Company Stock Option Plans" means (i) the Company Stock Option  Plan dated
May 8, 1986, as amended May 22, 1986, January 29, 1987, and  November 2,
1987, (ii) the Company 1995 Stock Incentive Plan, dated  February 16, 1995
and (iii) the Company 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, dated  February 9, 2001.  
"Depositors Insurance Fund" means the Depositors Insurance of  the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.   "Derivatives Contract" has the meaning set
forth in Section  5.03(q).   "Determination Date" means the date on which
the last required  approval of a Governmental Authority is obtained with
respect to the  Transactions, without regard to any requisite waiting
period.   "Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.01.   "DGCL" means the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended.  
"Effective Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).   "Effective
Time" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).   "Employees" has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m).     3  8   "Environmental Laws"
has the meaning set forth in Section  5.03(o).   "Equal Credit Opportunity
Act" means the Equal Credit  Opportunity Act, as amended.   "ERISA" means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of  1974, as amended.   "ERISA
Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Section  5.03(m)(iii).   "Exchange
Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder.   "Exchange Agent" means an exchange agent
designated by Parent.   "Exchange Ratio" means 2.27, as adjusted pursuant to
Sections  3.05 and 8.01(f) hereof.   "Executive" has the meaning set forth
in Section 6.15.   "Fair Housing Act" means the Fair Housing Act, as
amended.   "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  
"Federal Reserve Act" means the Federal Reserve Act, as amended.   "Federal
Reserve Board" means the Board of Governors of the  Federal Reserve
System.   "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles.  
"Governmental Authority" means any federal, state or local court, 
administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or 
instrumentality.   "Hazardous Substance" has the meaning set forth in
Section  5.03(o).   "Indemnified Party" and "Indemnifying Party" have the
meanings  set forth in Section 6.11(a).   "Index Ratio" has the meaning set
forth in Section 8.01(f).   "Insurance Amount" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.11(c).   "Insurance Policies" has the meaning set forth in
Section  5.03(w).   "Liens" means any charge, mortgage, pledge, security
interest,  restriction, claim, lien or encumbrance.   "Loans" has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.03(r).     4  9   "Maine Superintendent"
means the Superintendent of the Bureau of  Banking of the State of Maine.  
"Massachusetts Bank Commissioner" means the Commissioner of  Banks of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.   "Massachusetts Board" means the
Massachusetts Board of Bank  Incorporation.   "Material Adverse Effect"
means, with respect to Parent or the  Company any effect that (i) is material
and adverse to the financial  position, results of operations or business of
Parent and its  Subsidiaries taken as a whole or the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken  as a whole, as the case may be or (ii) would materially
impair the  ability of any of Parent and its Subsidiaries or the Company and
its  Subsidiaries to perform their respective obligations under this 
Agreement or the Bank Merger Agreements or otherwise materially impede  the
consummation of the Transactions; provided, however, that Material  Adverse
Effect shall not be deemed to include the impact of (a) changes  in banking
and similar laws of general applicability or interpretations  thereof by
Governmental Authorities, (b) changes in GAAP or regulatory  accounting
requirements applicable to banks and their holding companies  generally, (c)
changes in general economic conditions affecting banks  and their holding
companies generally, (d) any modifications or changes  to valuation policies
and practices, or expenses incurred, in connection  with the Transactions or
restructuring charges taken in connection with  the Transactions, in each
case in accordance with GAAP, and (e) with  respect to the Company, the
effects of any action or omission taken with  the prior consent of Parent or
as otherwise contemplated by the  Agreement.   "MBCA" means the Maine
Business Corporation Act, as amended.   "Merger" has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.01(a).   "MHPF" means the Massachusetts Housing Partnership
Fund.   "Nasdaq" means The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.\'s National Market.  
"Nasdaq Bank Average Index" means the average of the Nasdaq Bank  Index for
the ten consecutive trading days ending on the Determination  Date.  
"Nasdaq Bank Index," on a given date, means the Nasdaq Bank  Index, as such
index value is reported by Bloomberg News Service on such  date.   "Nasdaq
Bank Starting Index" means $2,004.17, the closing price  of the Nasdaq Bank
Index on May 30, 2001.   "National Bank Act" means the National Bank Act, as
amended.   "National Labor Relations Act" means the National Labor 
Relations Act, as amended.     5  10   "OCC" means the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency.   "OREO" means other real estate owned.  
"Parent" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this  Agreement.  
"Parent Articles" means the Amended and Restated Articles of  Incorporation
of Parent, as amended.   "Parent Benefits Plans" has the meaning set forth
in Section  6.12(a).   "Parent Board" means the Board of Directors of
Parent.   "Parent Bylaws" means the Bylaws of Parent.   "Parent Closing
Average" means the average of the last sales  price per share for Parent
Common Stock for the ten consecutive Nasdaq  trading day period ending on the
Determination Date.   "Parent Common Stock" means the common stock, $0.01
par value per  share, of Parent and, unless the context otherwise requires,
related  Parent Rights.   "Parent Massachusetts Bank" means First
Massachusetts Bank,  National Association and any successor thereto.  
"Parent Preferred Stock" means the preferred stock, $0.01 par  value per
share, of Parent.   "Parent Ratio" has the meaning set forth in Section
8.01(f).   "Parent Rights" means the rights attached to shares of Parent 
Common Stock pursuant to the Parent Rights Agreement.   "Parent Rights
Agreement" means the Stockholder Rights Agreement,  dated as of September 12,
1989 and amended and restated as of July 27,  1999 and as of July 25, 2000,
between Parent and American Stock Transfer  and Trust Company, as Rights
Agent.   "Parent Regulatory Authorities" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.04(k).   "Pension Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(m)(ii).   "Person" means any individual, bank, corporation,
partnership,  association, joint-stock company, business trust, limited
liability  company or unincorporated organization.   "Previously Disclosed"
by a party shall mean information set  forth in a section of its Disclosure
Schedule corresponding to the  section of this Agreement where such term is
used.   "Proxy Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.03(a).     6  11   "Registration Statement" has the meaning set forth
in Section  6.03(a).   "Rights" means, with respect to any Person,
warrants, options,  rights, convertible securities and other arrangements or
commitments  which obligate the Person to issue or dispose of any of its
capital  stock or other ownership interests.   "SEC" means the Securities
and Exchange Commission.   "SEC Documents" has the meaning set forth in
Sections 5.03(g) and  5.04(g) in the case of the Company and Parent,
respectively.   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended,  and the rules and regulations thereunder.   "Shareholder
Agreements" has the meaning set forth in the  recitals to this Agreement.  
"Shareholders" means each director of the Company.   "Subsidiary" and
"Significant Subsidiary" have the meanings  ascribed to those terms in Rule
1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.   "Starting Price" means $20.05, the
closing price of a share of  Parent Common Stock on May 30, 2001.   "Stock
Option Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the  recitals to this
Agreement.   "Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.01(a).   "Tax" and "Taxes" mean all federal, state, local or foreign 
income, gross income, gains, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,  goods
and services, capital, production, transfer, franchise, windfall  profits,
license, withholding, payroll, employment, disability, employer  health,
excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property,  environmental,
custom duties, unemployment or other taxes of any kind  whatsoever, together
with any interest, additions or penalties thereto  and any interest in
respect of such interest and penalties.   "Tax Returns" means any return,
declaration or other report  (including elections, declarations, schedules,
estimates and information  returns) with respect to any Taxes.  
"Transactions" means the Merger and the Bank Mergers.   "Treasury Stock"
means shares of Company Stock held by the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or by Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries, in each case other than in a
fiduciary (including  custodial or agency) capacity or as a result of debts
previously  contracted in good faith.     7  12   ARTICLE II   THE
MERGER   2.01. The Merger.   (a) The Merger. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Company shall merge
with and into Parent in accordance with the applicable provisions of the MBCA
and the DGCL (the "Merger"), the separate corporate existence of the Company
shall cease and Parent shall survive and continue to exist as a corporation
incorporated under the MBCA (Parent, as the surviving corporation in the
Merger, sometimes being referred to herein as the "Surviving
Corporation").   (b) Name. The name of the Surviving Corporation shall be
"Banknorth Group, Inc."   (c) Articles and Bylaws. The articles of
incorporation and bylaws of Parent immediately after the Merger shall be the
Parent Articles and the Parent Bylaws as in effect immediately prior to the
Merger.   (d) Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation. Except
as provided in Section 6.13 hereof, the directors and officers of
Parent immediately after the Merger shall be the directors and officers of
Parent immediately prior to the Merger, until such time as their successors
shall be duly elected and qualified.   (e) Authorized Capital Stock. The
authorized capital stock of the Surviving Corporation upon consummation of
the Merger shall be as set forth in the Parent Articles immediately prior to
the Merger.   (f) Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of
the Merger shall be as provided in Section 905 of the MBCA and Sections
259-61 of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of the Company shall vest in the Surviving Corporation,
and all debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and
duties of the Company shall become the debts, liabilities, obligations,
restrictions, disabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   (g)
Additional Actions. If, at any time after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall consider that any further assignments or assurances in law
or any other acts are necessary or desirable to (i) vest, perfect or confirm,
of record or otherwise, in the Surviving Corporation its right, title or
interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or assets of
the Company acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a
result of, or in connection with, the Merger, or (ii) otherwise carry out the
purposes of this Agreement, the Company, and its proper officers and
directors, shall be deemed to have granted to the Surviving Corporation an
irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver all such proper deeds,
assignments and assurances in law and to do all acts necessary or proper to
vest, perfect or confirm title to and possession of such rights, properties
or assets in the Surviving Corporation and otherwise to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement, and the proper officers and directors of the
Surviving     8  13  Corporation are fully authorized in the name of
the Surviving Corporation or otherwise to take any and all such action.  
2.02 Effective Date and Effective Time; Closing.   (a) Subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than
those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the consummation
of the Merger, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions),
the parties shall cause articles of merger relating to the Merger (the
"Articles of Merger\') to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Maine pursuant to the MBCA and a certificate of merger relating to the
Merger (the "Certificate of Merger") to be filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL on (i) a date selected
by Parent after such satisfaction or waiver which is no later than the later
of (A) five Business Days after such satisfaction or waiver or (B) the first
month end following such satisfaction or waiver, or (ii) such other date to
which the parties may agree in writing. The Merger provided for herein shall
become effective upon such filings or on such date as may be specified
therein. The date of such filings or such later effective date is herein
called the "Effective Date." The "Effective Time" of the Merger shall be the
time of such filings or as set forth in such filings.   (b) A closing (the
"Closing") shall take place immediately prior to the Effective Time at 10:00
a.m., Eastern Time, at the principal offices of Parent in Portland, Maine, or
at such other place, at such other time, or on such other date as the parties
may mutually agree upon (such date, the "Closing Date"). At the Closing,
there shall be delivered to Parent and the Company the opinions, certificates
and other documents required to be delivered under Article VII hereof.   
ARTICLE III   CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE PROCEDURES   3.01. Merger
Consideration. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at the Effective
Time, automatically by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of any Person:   (a) Outstanding Company Common Stock. Each share of
Company Common Stock, excluding Treasury Stock, issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become and be converted into
that number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio.  
(b) Outstanding Parent Common Stock. Each share of Parent Common stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain issued
and outstanding and shall be unaffected by the Merger.   (c) Treasury Stock.
Each share of Company Stock held as Treasury Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be canceled and retired at the Effective Time and no
consideration shall be issued in exchange therefor.     9  14   3.02.
Rights as Shareholders; Stock Transfers. At the Effective Time, holders of
Company Stock shall cease to be, and shall have no rights as, shareholders of
the Company other than to receive the consideration provided under this
Article III. After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the
stock transfer books of the Company or the Surviving Corporation of shares of
Company Stock.   3.03. Fractional Shares.   (a) No certificates or scrip
representing fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued upon
the surrender for exchange of a Certificate or Certificates, and such
fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to
any other rights as a stockholder of the Surviving Corporation.   (b)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each holder of shares
of Company Common Stock converted into shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant
to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of
a share of Parent Common Stock (after taking into account all Certificates
delivered by such holder) shall, at the time of surrender of the Certificate
or Certificates representing such holder\'s shares of Company Common Stock,
receive an amount of cash (without interest) equal to the product arrived at
by multiplying such fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock by the
closing price of a share of Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market\'s
National Market on the business day preceding the Effective Time (as reported
in The Wall Street Journal, or if not reported therein, in another
authoritative source), rounded to the nearest whole cent.   3.04 Exchange
Procedures.   (a) At or after the Effective Time, each holder of a
Certificate or Certificates, upon surrender of the same to the Exchange
Agent, shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a certificate or
certificates representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock
into which the shares of Company Common Stock theretofore represented by the
Certificate or Certificates so surrendered shall have been converted as
provided in Section 3.01(a) hereof. As promptly as practicable after the
Effective Time, but in no event later than five Business Days after the
Company\'s transfer agent delivers a certified shareholders\' list to the
Exchange Agent, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record of an
outstanding Certificate which is to be exchanged for Parent Common Stock as
provided in Section 3.01(a) hereof, a form of letter of transmittal (which
shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
such Certificate shall pass, only upon delivery of such Certificate to the
Exchange Agent) advising such holder of the terms of the exchange effected by
the Merger and of the procedure for surrendering to the Exchange Agent such
Certificate in exchange for a certificate or certificates evidencing Parent
Common Stock or cash in lieu of any fractional share
interest. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
Certificates surrendered for exchange by any Company Affiliate shall not be
exchanged for certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement until Parent has received a
written agreement from such person as specified in Section 6.07.   (b) No
holder of a Certificate shall be entitled to receive any dividends in respect
of the Parent Common Stock into which such shares shall have been converted
by virtue of the     10  15  Merger until the certificate representing
such shares is surrendered in exchange for a certificate or certificates
representing shares of Parent Common Stock. In the event that dividends are
declared and paid by Parent in respect of Parent Common Stock after the
Effective Time but prior to any holder\'s surrender of Certificates,
dividends payable to such holder in respect of shares of Parent Common Stock
not then issued shall accrue (without interest). Any such dividends shall be
paid (without interest) upon surrender of the Certificates. Parent shall be
entitled, after the Effective Time, to treat Certificates as
evidencing ownership of the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock
into which the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such
Certificates shall have been converted pursuant to this Agreement,
notwithstanding the failure on the part of the holder thereof to surrender
such Certificates.   (c) Parent shall not be obligated to deliver a
certificate or certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock to
which a holder of Company Common Stock would otherwise be entitled as a
result of the Merger until such holder surrenders a Certificate or
Certificates for exchange as provided in this Section 3.04, or, in default
thereof, an appropriate affidavit of loss and indemnity agreement and/or a
bond in an amount as may be reasonably required in each case by Parent. If
any certificate evidencing shares of Parent Common Stock is to be issued in a
name other than that in which the Certificate surrendered in exchange
therefor is registered, it shall be a condition of the issuance thereof that
the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed and otherwise in
proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such exchange pay to
the Exchange Agent any transfer or other tax required by reason of the
issuance of a certificate for shares of Parent Common Stock in any name other
than that of the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered
or otherwise establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such
tax has been paid or is not payable.   3.05. Anti-Dilution Provisions. If,
between the date hereof and the Effective Time, the shares of Parent Common
Stock shall be changed into a different number or class of shares by reason
of any reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination, exchange of
shares or readjustment, or a stock dividend thereon shall be declared with a
record date within said period, the Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted
accordingly.   3.06. Company Options; Stock Units.   (a) At the Effective
Time, each Company Option which is then outstanding, whether or not
exercisable, shall cease to represent a right to acquire shares of Company
Common Stock and shall be converted automatically into an option to purchase
shares of Parent Common Stock, and Parent shall assume each Company Option,
in accordance with the terms of the applicable Company Stock Option Plan and
stock option or other agreement by which it is evidenced, except that from
and after the Effective Time, (i) Parent and the Human Resources Committee of
its Board of Directors shall be substituted for the Company and the committee
of the Company\'s Board of Directors (including, if applicable, the entire
Board of Directors of the Company) administering such Company Stock Option
Plan, (ii) each Company Option assumed by Parent may be exercised solely for
shares of Parent Common Stock, (iii) the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock subject to such Company Option shall be equal to the number of shares
of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option immediately prior to
the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, provided that any
fractional shares of Parent Common     11  16  Stock resulting from
such multiplication shall be rounded down to the nearest share, and (iv) the
per share exercise price under each such Company Option shall be adjusted by
dividing the per share exercise price under each such Company Option by the
Exchange Ratio, provided that such exercise price shall be rounded up to the
nearest cent. Notwithstanding clauses (iii) and (iv) of the preceding
sentence, each Company Option which is an "incentive stock option" shall be
adjusted as required by Section 424 of the Code, and the
regulations promulgated thereunder, so as not to constitute a modification,
extension or renewal of the option within the meaning of Section 424(h) of
the Code. Parent and the Company agree to take all necessary steps to effect
the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.06.   (b) At the Effective Time,
each stock unit which is then outstanding under the Company Deferred
Compensation Plan shall cease to represent a right to receive a share of
Company Common Stock and shall be converted automatically into a stock unit
with a right to receive that number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to
the Exchange Ratio, and Parent shall continue to maintain the Company
Deferred Compensation Plan unless and until it is merged or
otherwise combined with a comparable Parent plan or terminated in accordance
with its terms (in each case, subject to the right of plan participants to
receive distribution of their deferred compensation accounts in accordance
with their elections), except that from and after the Effective Time, (i)
Parent shall be substituted for the Company and (ii) units shall be payable
in shares of Parent Common Stock in accordance to the terms of the Company
Deferred Compensation Plan.   (c) Within five Business Days after the
Effective Time, Parent shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 or
Form S-8, as the case may be (or any successor or other appropriate forms),
with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock subject to the options
referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section 3.06 and the stock units payable
in shares of Parent Common Stock referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
3.06 and shall use its reasonable efforts to maintain the current status of
the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein for so long as such options
and stock units remain outstanding in the case of a Form S-8 or, in the case
of a Form S-3, until the shares subject to such options and stock units may
be sold without a further holding period under Rule 144 under the Securities
Act.   ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS PENDING ACQUISITION   4.01. Forbearances of
the Company. From the date hereof until the Effective Time, except as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as Previously
Disclosed, without the prior written consent of Parent, the Company will not,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:   (a) Ordinary Course.
Conduct its business other than in the ordinary and usual course consistent
with past practice or fail to use reasonable best efforts to preserve its
business organization, keep available the present services of its employees
and preserve for itself and Parent the goodwill of the customers of the
Company and its Subsidiaries and others with whom business relations
exist.     12  17   (b) Capital Stock. Other than pursuant to the Stock
Option Agreement and Rights set forth on Schedule 4.01(b) of the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule and outstanding on the date hereof, (i) issue, sell or
otherwise permit to become outstanding, or authorize the creation of, any
additional shares of stock or any Rights or (ii) permit any additional shares
of stock to become subject to grants of employee or director stock options or
other Rights.   (c) Dividends; Etc. (a) Make, declare, pay or set aside for
payment any dividend on or in respect of, or declare or make any distribution
on any shares of Company Stock, other than (A) regular quarterly cash
dividends at a rate not in excess of $ 0.27 per share on the Company Common
Stock, and (B) dividends from wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the Company or
another wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or (b) directly or indirectly
adjust, split, combine, redeem, reclassify, purchase or otherwise acquire,
any shares of its capital stock.   (d) Compensation; Employment Agreements;
Etc. Enter into or amend or renew any employment, consulting, severance or
similar agreements or arrangements with any director, officer or employee of
the Company or its Subsidiaries or grant any salary or wage increase or
increase any employee benefit (including incentive or bonus payments), except
(i) for normal individual increases in compensation to employees in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, provided that no
such increase shall result in an annual adjustment of more than 5%, (ii) for
other changes that are required by applicable law, (iii) to satisfy
contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof and set forth in
Schedule 4.01(d) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule or (iv) for grants of
awards to newly-hired employees consistent with past practice.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, prior
to the Closing Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be permitted (i)
to pay bonuses to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries for its 2001
fiscal year to the extent earned in the ordinary course of business and
accrued in accordance with GAAP and (ii) to make cash contributions to
the Company ESOP for the 2001 fiscal year in the ordinary course of business
as long as the total cash contributions to the Company ESOP for the 2001
fiscal year do not exceed $350,000 in the aggregate. In addition, the Company
may pay retention bonuses to such employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries and in such amounts as may be mutually agreeable to the Company
and Parent.   (e) Hiring. Hire any person as an employee of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or promote any employee, except (i) to satisfy
contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof and set forth on
Schedule 4.01(e) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule and (ii) persons hired
to fill any vacancies arising after the date hereof and whose employment is
terminable at the will of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, as
applicable, other than any person to be hired who would have a base salary,
including any guaranteed bonus or any similar bonus, considered on an annual
basis of more than $50,000.   (f) Benefit Plans. Enter into, establish,
adopt or amend (except (i) as may be required by applicable law or (ii) to
satisfy contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof and set forth
on Schedule 4.01(f) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule) any pension,
retirement, stock option, stock purchase, savings, profit sharing, deferred
compensation, consulting, bonus, group insurance or other employee benefit,
incentive or welfare contract, plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement
(or similar arrangement) related thereto, in respect of any director, officer
or employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries or take any action to
accelerate     13  18  the vesting or exercisability of stock options,
restricted stock or other compensation or benefits payable thereunder.  
(g) Dispositions. Sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of
or discontinue any of its assets, deposits, business or properties except in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and in
a transaction that, together with all other such transactions, is not
material to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (h)
Acquisitions. Acquire (other than by way of foreclosures or acquisitions of
control in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of debts
previously contracted in good faith, in each case in the ordinary and usual
course of business consistent with past practice) all or any portion of the
assets, business, deposits or properties of any other entity.   (i) Capital
Expenditures. Make any capital expenditures other than capital expenditures
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in amounts
not exceeding $100,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate.   (j)
Governing Documents. Amend the Company Articles or Company Bylaws or the
articles of incorporation or bylaws (or equivalent documents) of any
Subsidiary of the Company.   (k) Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any
change in its accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may
be required by changes in laws or regulations or GAAP.   (l) Contracts.
Except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or as
otherwise permitted under this Section 4.01, enter into or terminate any
Material Contract (as defined in Section 5.03(k)) or amend or modify in any
material respect any of its existing Material Contracts.   (m) Claims. Enter
into any settlement or similar agreement with respect to any action, suit,
proceeding, order or investigation to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is or becomes a party after the date of this Agreement, which
settlement, agreement or action involves payment by the Company and its
Subsidiaries of an amount which exceeds $50,000 and/or would impose
any material restriction on the business of the Company or create precedent
for claims that are reasonably likely to be material to the Company and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (n) Banking Operations. Enter into any
new material line of business or change its material lending, investment,
underwriting, risk and asset liability management and other material banking
and operating policies, except as required by applicable law, regulation or
policies imposed by any Governmental Authority.   (o) Derivatives
Contracts. Enter into any Derivatives Contract, except in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice.   (p) Indebtedness. Incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money (other than deposits, federal funds
purchased, cash management accounts, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan
Bank of Boston and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, in each
case in the ordinary     14  19  course of business consistent with
past practice) or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an accommodation
become responsible for the obligations of any other Person, other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   (q) Adverse
Actions. (i) Take any action that would, or is reasonably likely to, prevent
or impede the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Code or (ii) take any action that is intended or is
reasonably likely to result in (x) any of its representations and warranties
set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect
at any time at or prior to the Effective Time, (y) any of the conditions to
the Merger set forth in Article VII not being satisfied or (z) a
material violation of any provision of this Agreement, the Bank Merger
Agreements or the Stock Option Agreement except, in each case, as may be
required by applicable law or regulation.   (r) Commitments. Enter into any
contract with respect to, or otherwise agree or commit to do, any of the
foregoing.   4.02. Forbearances of Parent. From the date hereof until the
Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this
Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Company, Parent will not,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:   (a) Articles and Bylaws.
Amend the Parent Articles or Parent Bylaws or the equivalent documents of
Parent Massachusetts Bank in a manner which would adversely affect in any
manner the terms of the Parent Common Stock or the ability of Parent or
Parent Massachusetts Bank to consummate the Transactions.   (b)
Acquisitions. Make any acquisition (including acquisitions of branch offices
and related deposit liabilities), other than the proposed acquisition of
MetroWest Bank on terms not materially different than those publicly
announced on the date hereof, that individually or in the aggregate could
result in the Merger not being consummated or otherwise materially adversely
affect the ability of Parent to consummate the Transactions and the other
transactions contemplated hereby in a reasonably timely manner.   (c)
Adverse Actions. (i) Take any action that would, or is reasonably likely to,
prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, provided, however, that nothing
contained herein shall limit the ability of Parent to exercise its rights
under the Stock Option Agreement, or (ii) take any action that is intended or
is reasonably likely to result in (x) any of its representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any
material respect at any time at or prior to the Effective Time, (y) any of
the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII not being satisfied or
(z) a material violation of any provision of this Agreement, the Bank Merger
Agreements or the Stock Option Agreement except, in each case, as may be
required by applicable law or regulation.   (d) Commitments. Enter into any
contract with respect to, or otherwise agree or commit to do, any of the
foregoing.     15  20   ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES   5.01. Disclosure Schedules. On or prior to the date hereof,
Parent has delivered to the Company a schedule and the Company has delivered
to Parent a schedule (respectively, its "Disclosure Schedule") setting forth,
among other things, items the disclosure of which is necessary or appropriate
either in response to an express disclosure requirement contained in a
provision hereof or as an exception to one or more representations or
warranties contained in Section 5.03 or 5.04 or to one or more of its
covenants contained in Article IV; provided, however, that (a) no such item
is required to be set forth in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a
representation or warranty if its absence would not be reasonably likely to
result in the related representation or warranty being deemed untrue or
incorrect under the standard established by Section 5.02 and (b) the mere
inclusion of an item in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a
representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by a party that
such item represents a material exception or fact, event or circumstance or
that, absent such inclusion in the Disclosure Schedule, such item is or would
be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.   5.02.
Standard. No representation or warranty of the Company or Parent contained in
Sections 5.03 or 5.04, respectively, shall be deemed untrue or incorrect, and
no party hereto shall be deemed to have breached a representation or
warranty, as a consequence of the existence of any fact, event
or circumstance unless such fact, circumstance or event, individually or
taken together with all other facts, events or circumstances inconsistent
with any representation or warranty contained in Section 5.03 or 5.04, has
had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the party
making such representation or warranty.   5.03. Representations and
Warranties of the Company. Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02 and except as
Previously Disclosed, the Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. The Company is
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in
good standing in each jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of property
or assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified. The
Company has in effect all federal, state, local and foreign governmental
authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as now conducted.   (b) Company Capital Stock. The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists solely of 15,000,000 shares
of Company Common Stock, of which 6,705,744 shares were outstanding as of the
date hereof, and 3,000,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which no
shares are outstanding. As of the date hereof, 131,389 shares of the Company
Common Stock were held in treasury by the Company or otherwise directly or
indirectly owned by the Company. The outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
non-assessable, and none of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
have been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any Person. Section
5.03(b) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule sets forth for each Company
Stock Option the name of the grantee, the date of the grant, the type of
grant, the status of the option grant as     16  21  qualified or non-
qualified under Section 422 of the Code, the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to each option, the number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject to options that are currently exercisable and the
exercise price per share. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence and
other than pursuant to the Stock Option Agreement, there are no shares of
Company Stock authorized and reserved for issuance, the Company does not have
any Rights issued or outstanding with respect to Company Stock (other than
Company Rights), and the Company does not have any commitment to authorize,
issue or sell any Company Stock or Rights, except pursuant to this
Agreement.   (c) Subsidiaries.   (i) (A) The Company has Previously
Disclosed a list of all  of its Subsidiaries together with the jurisdiction
of organization of  each such Subsidiary, (B) the Company owns, directly or
indirectly, all  the issued and outstanding equity securities of each of
its  Subsidiaries, (C) no equity securities of any of its Subsidiaries are
or  may become required to be issued (other than to the Company) by reason 
of any Right or otherwise, (D) there are no contracts, commitments, 
understandings or arrangements by which any of its Subsidiaries is or  may be
bound to sell or otherwise transfer any of its equity securities  (other than
to the Company or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries), (E)  there are no
contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements  relating to the
Company\'s rights to vote or to dispose of such  securities and (F) all the
equity securities of the Company\'s  Subsidiaries held by the Company or its
Subsidiaries are fully paid and  nonassessable and are owned by the Company
or its Subsidiaries free and  clear of any Liens.   (ii) Except for
securities and other interests held in a  fiduciary capacity and beneficially
owned by third parties or taken in  consideration of debts previously
contracted, the Company does not own  beneficially, directly or indirectly,
any equity securities or similar  interests of any Person or any interest in
a partnership or joint  venture of any kind other than its Subsidiaries and
stock in the Federal  Home Loan Bank of Boston.   (iii) Each of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries has been duly organized  and is validly existing in
good standing under the laws of the  jurisdiction of its organization and is
duly qualified to do business  and in good standing in the jurisdictions
where its ownership or leasing  of property or the conduct of its business
requires it to be so  qualified.   (iv) The deposit accounts of each of the
Company Banks are  insured by the Bank Insurance Fund, and in the case of the
Andover-based  Company Bank the Depositors Insurance Fund, in the manner and
to the  maximum extent provided by applicable law, and each Company Bank
has  paid all deposit insurance premiums and assessments required by 
applicable laws and regulations.   (d) Corporate Power. Each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries has the corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted and to own all its properties and
assets; and the Company has the corporate power and authority to execute,
deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Stock Option
Agreement and to     17  22  consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, subject to receipt of all necessary approvals of
Governmental Authorities and the approval of the Company\'s shareholders of
this Agreement.   (e) Corporate Authority. Subject to the approval of this
Agreement by the holders of the outstanding Company Common Stock, this
Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been authorized by all necessary corporate action of
the Company and the Company Board on or prior to the date hereof. The Company
has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement
and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent, each of
this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement is a valid and legally binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except
as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by general
equity principles).   (f) Regulatory Approvals; No Defaults.   (i) No
consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings or  registrations with,
any Governmental Authority or with any third party  are required to be made
or obtained by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries in connection with the
execution, delivery or performance  by the Company or the Company Banks of
this Agreement, the Bank Merger  Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement,
as applicable, or to  consummate the Transactions and the other transactions
contemplated  hereby and thereby, except for (A) filings of applications or
notices  with, and approvals or waivers by, the Federal Reserve Board, the
FDIC,  the OCC, the Massachusetts Bank Commissioner, the Depositors
Insurance  Fund, the Maine Superintendent, the Massachusetts Board and the
MHPF, as  required, (B) filings with the SEC and state securities authorities
in  connection with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger, (C) 
the filing of Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the  State of
Maine pursuant to the MBCA and a Certificate of Merger with the  Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL, (D)  the approval of
this Agreement by the holders of a majority of the  outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock and (E) such corporate  approvals and such consents or
approvals of, or waivers by, or filings  or registrations with, federal and
state banking agencies in connection  with the Bank Mergers. As of the date
hereof, the Company is not aware  of any reason why the approvals set forth
above and referred to in  Section 7.01(b) will not be received in a timely
manner and without the  imposition of a condition, restriction or requirement
of the type  described in Section 7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to receipt of the
approvals referred to in the  preceding paragraph, and the expiration of
related waiting periods, the  execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, the Bank Merger  Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement by the
Company and the Company  Banks, as applicable, and the consummation of the
Transactions and the  other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not  (A) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default
under, or give  rise to any Lien, any acceleration of remedies or any right
of  termination under, any law, rule or regulation or any judgment, decree, 
order, governmental permit or license, or agreement, indenture or  instrument
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the  Company or any
of     18  23   its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties
is subject or  bound, (B) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default
under, the  articles of association or bylaws (or similar governing
documents) of  the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) require any
consent or  approval under any such law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree,
order,  governmental permit or license, agreement, indenture or
instrument.   (g) Financial Reports; Undisclosed Liabilities.   (i) The
Company\'s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal  years ended December
31, 2000, December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998  and all other reports,
registration statements, definitive proxy  statements or information
statements filed or to be filed by it  subsequent to December 31, 1998 with
the SEC (collectively, the  Company\'s "SEC Documents"), as of the date filed
or to be filed and as  amended prior to the date hereof, (A) complied or will
comply in all  material respects as to form with the applicable securities
regulations  of the SEC as the case may be and (B) did not and will not
contain any  untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact  required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements 
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,  not
misleading; and each of the balance sheets contained in any such SEC 
Document (including the related notes and schedules thereto) fairly 
presents, or will fairly present, the consolidated financial position of  the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of its date, and each of the  consolidated
statements of income and changes in shareholders\' equity  and cash flows or
equivalent statements in such SEC Documents (including  any related notes and
schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly  present, the consolidated
results of operations, changes in  shareholders\' equity and changes in cash
flows, as the case may be, of  the Company and its Subsidiaries for the
periods to which they relate,  in each case in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied during the  periods involved, except in each case as may
be noted therein.   (ii) Since March 31, 2001, neither the Company nor any
of its  Subsidiaries has incurred any liability other than in the ordinary 
course of business consistent with past practice (excluding the  incurrence
of expenses related to this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated
hereby).   (iii) Since March 31, 2001, (A) the Company and its
Subsidiaries  have conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary and
usual  course consistent with past practice (excluding the incurrence of 
expenses related to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated  hereby)
and (B) no event has occurred or circumstance arisen that,  individually or
taken together with all other facts, circumstances and  events (described in
any paragraph of this Section 5.03 or otherwise),  is reasonably likely to
have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to  the Company.   (iv) No
agreement pursuant to which any loans or other assets  have been or shall be
sold by the Company or its Subsidiaries entitled  the buyer of such loans or
other assets, unless there is material breach  of a representation or
covenant by the Company or its Subsidiaries, to  cause the Company or its
Subsidiaries to repurchase such loan or other  asset or the buyer to pursue
any other form of recourse against the  Company or its     19  24  
Subsidiaries. Except for regular quarterly cash dividends at the rate of 
$0.10 per share on the Company Common Stock, since December 31, 1999, no 
cash, stock or other dividend or any other distribution with respect to  the
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been declared,  set
aside or paid. No shares of the stock of the Company have been  purchased,
redeemed or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, by  the Company since
March 31, 2001, and no agreements have been made to do  the foregoing.  
(h) Litigation. No litigation, claim or other proceeding before any court or
governmental agency is pending against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and, to the Company\'s knowledge, no such litigation, claim or
other proceeding has been threatened and there are no facts which could
reasonably give rise to such litigation, claim or other proceeding.   (i)
Regulatory Matters.   (i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
nor any of  any of their respective properties is a party to or is subject to
any  order, decree, agreement, memorandum of understanding or similar 
arrangement with, or a commitment letter or similar submission to, or 
extraordinary supervisory letter from, any federal or state governmental 
agency or authority charged with the supervision or regulation of  financial
institutions or issuers of securities or engaged in the  insurance of
deposits or the supervision or regulation of it  (collectively, the "Company
Regulatory Authorities"). The Company and  its Subsidiaries have paid all
assessments made or imposed by any  Company Regulatory Authority.   (ii)
Neither the Company nor any its Subsidiaries has been  advised by, and does
not have any knowledge of facts which could give  rise to an advisory notice
by, any Company Regulatory Authority that  such Company Regulatory Authority
is contemplating issuing or requesting  (or is considering the
appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any  such order, decree, agreement,
memorandum of understanding, commitment  letter, supervisory letter or
similar submission.   (j) Compliance With Laws. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries:   (i) is in material compliance with all applicable federal, 
state, local and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, 
judgments, orders or decrees applicable thereto or to the employees 
conducting such businesses, including, without limitation, the Equal  Credit
Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment  Act, the
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and all other applicable fair  lending laws and
other laws relating to discriminatory business  practices;   (ii) has all
permits, licenses, authorizations, orders and  approvals of, and has made all
filings, applications and registrations  with, all Governmental Authorities
that are required in order to permit  them to own or lease their properties
and to conduct their businesses as  presently conducted; all such permits,
licenses, certificates of  authority, orders and approvals are in full
force     20  25   and effect and, to the Company\'s knowledge, no
suspension or  cancellation of any of them is threatened; and   (iii) has
received, since December 31, 1999, no notification or  communication from any
Governmental Authority (A) asserting that the  Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any of the  statutes, regulations or
ordinances which such Governmental Authority  enforces or (B) threatening to
revoke any license, franchise, permit or  governmental authorization (nor, to
the Company\'s knowledge, do any  grounds for any of the foregoing
exist).   (k) Material Contracts; Defaults. Except for documents listed
as exhibits to the SEC Documents, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by or subject to any agreement, contract,
arrangement, commitment or understanding (whether written or oral) (i) that
is a "Material Contract" within the meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of the SEC\'s
Regulation S-K or (ii) that materially restricts the conduct of business by
the Company or by any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in material default under any contract, agreement,
commitment, arrangement, lease, insurance policy or other instrument to which
it is a party, by which its respective assets, business, or operations may be
bound or affected, or under which it or its respective assets, business, or
operations receives benefits, and there has not occurred any event that, with
the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute such a
default. No power of attorney or similar authorization given directly or
indirectly by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is currently
outstanding.   (l) No Brokers. No action has been taken by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries that would give rise to any valid claim against any
party hereto for a brokerage commission, finder\'s fee or other like payment
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock
Option Agreement, excluding a Previously Disclosed fee to be paid to Merrill
Lynch and Co.   (m) Employee Benefit Plans.   (i) All benefit and
compensation plans, contracts, policies or  arrangements covering current or
former employees of the Company and its  Subsidiaries (the "Employees") and
current or former directors of the  Company including, but not limited to,
"employee benefit plans" within  the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, and
deferred compensation, stock  option, stock purchase, stock appreciation
rights, stock based,  incentive and bonus plans (the "Benefits Plans"), are
Previously  Disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule. True and complete copies of
all  Benefit Plans including, but not limited to, any trust instruments and 
insurance contracts forming a part of any Benefit Plans and all  amendments
thereto have been provided or made available to Parent.   (ii) All Benefits
Plans other than "multiemployer plans"  within the meaning of Section 3(37)
of ERISA, covering Employees, to the  extent subject to ERISA, are in
substantial compliance with ERISA. Each  Benefit Plan which is an "employee
pension benefit plan" within the  meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA ("Pension
Plan") and which is intended  to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the
Code, has received a  favorable   21  26   determination letter from the
Internal Revenue Service, and the Company  is not aware of any circumstances
likely to result in revocation of any  such favorable determination letter or
the loss of the qualification of  such Pension Plan under Section 401(a) of
the Code. There is no material  pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge,
threatened litigation relating  to the Benefits Plans. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries  has engaged in a transaction with respect to any
Benefit Plan or Pension  Plan that, assuming the taxable period of such
transaction expired as of  the date hereof, could subject the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to  a tax or penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of
the Code or Section  502(i) of ERISA in an amount which would be
material.   (iii) No liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA 
has been or is expected to be incurred by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing, frozen or terminated  "single-
employer plan," within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of  ERISA,
currently or formerly maintained by any of them, or the  single-employer plan
of any entity which is considered one employer with  the Company under
Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code (an  "ERISA Affiliate").
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has  incurred, and neither
expects to incur, any withdrawal liability with  respect to a multiemployer
plan under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA  (regardless of whether based on
contributions of an ERISA Affiliate). No  notice of a "reportable event,"
within the meaning of Section 4043 of  ERISA for which the 30-day reporting
requirement has not been waived,  has been required to be filed for any
Pension Plan or by any ERISA  Affiliate within the 12-month period ending on
the date hereof or will  be required to be filed in connection with the
transactions contemplated  by this Agreement.   (iv) All contributions
required to be made under the terms of  any Benefit Plan have been timely
made or have been reflected on the  financial statements of the Company
included in the Company\'s SEC  Documents. Neither any Pension Plan nor any
single-employer plan of an  ERISA Affiliate has an "accumulated funding
deficiency" (whether or not  waived) within the meaning of Section 412 of the
Code or Section 302 of  ERISA and no ERISA Affiliate has an outstanding
funding waiver. Neither  the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
provided, or is required to  provide, security to any Pension Plan or to any
single-employer plan of  an ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of
the Code.   (v) All Pension Plans subject to Title IV of ERISA have been 
terminated prior to the date hereof.   (vi) Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has any  obligations for retiree health and life benefits
under any Benefit Plan.  The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may amend or
terminate any such  Benefit Plan at any time without incurring any liability
thereunder.   (vii) None of the execution of this Agreement, shareholder 
approval of this Agreement or consummation of the transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement will (A) entitle any employees of the  Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to severance pay or any increase in  severance pay upon any
termination of employment after the date hereof,      22  27   (B)
accelerate the time of payment or vesting or trigger any payment or  funding
(through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or  benefits under,
increase the amount payable or trigger any other  material obligation
pursuant to, any of the Benefit Plans, (C) result in  any breach or violation
of, or a default under, any of the Benefit Plans  or (D) result in any
payment that would be a "parachute payment" to a  "disqualified individual"
as those terms are defined in Section 280G of  the Code, without regard to
whether such payment is reasonable  compensation for personal services
performed or to be performed in the  future.   (n) Labor Matters. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any
collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding
with a labor union or labor organization, nor is the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries the subject of a proceeding asserting that it has committed an
unfair labor practice (within the meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act) or seeking to compel the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to bargain
with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of employment, nor is
there any strike or other labor dispute involving it or any of its
Subsidiaries pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened, nor is the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries aware of any activity involving
its employees seeking to certify a collective bargaining unit or engaging in
other organizational activity.   (o) Environmental Matters.   (i) The
Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with  applicable Environmental
Laws; (ii) to the Company\'s knowledge, no real  property (including
buildings or other structures) currently or formerly  owned or operated by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any  property in which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries has held a  security interest, Lien or a fiduciary
or management role ("Company Loan  Property"), has been contaminated with, or
has had any release of, any  Hazardous Substance except in compliance with
Environmental Laws; (iii)  neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
could be deemed the  owner or operator of, or has participated in the
management regarding  Hazardous Substances of, any Company Loan Property
which has been  contaminated with, or has had any release of, any Hazardous
Substance;  (iv) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
liability  for any Hazardous Substance disposal or contamination on any third
party  property; (v) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has 
received any notice, demand letter, claim or request for information 
alleging any violation of, or liability under, any Environmental Law;  (vi)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any  order,
decree, injunction or other agreement with any Governmental  Authority or any
third party relating to any Environmental Law; (vii) to  the Company\'s
knowledge, there are no circumstances or conditions  (including the presence
of asbestos, underground storage tanks, lead  products, polychlorinated
biphenyls, prior manufacturing operations,  dry-cleaning, or automotive
services) involving the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries, any currently or
formerly owned or operated property,  or any Company Loan Property, that
could reasonably be expected to  result in any claims, liability or
investigations against the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries, result in any
restrictions on the ownership,  use, or transfer of any property pursuant to
any Environmental Law, or  adversely affect the value of any Company Loan
Property; and (viii) the  Company has delivered to Parent copies of
all     23  28   environmental reports, studies, sampling data,
correspondence, filings  and other environmental information in its
possession or reasonably  available to it relating to the Company, its
Subsidiaries and any  currently or formerly owned or operated property or any
Company Loan  Property.   As used herein, the term "Environmental Laws"
means any federal,  state or local law, regulation, order, decree, permit,
authorization,  opinion or agency requirement relating to: (A) the protection
or  restoration of the environment, health, safety, or natural resources, 
(B) the handling, use, presence, disposal, release or threatened release  of
any Hazardous Substance or (C) wetlands, indoor air, pollution, 
contamination or any injury or threat of injury to persons or property  in
connection with any Hazardous Substance; and the term "Hazardous  Substance"
means any substance that is: (A) listed, classified or  regulated pursuant to
any Environmental Law, (B) any petroleum product  or by-product, asbestos-
containing material, lead-containing paint or  plumbing, polychlorinated
biphenyls, radioactive materials or radon or  (C) any other substance which
is the subject of regulatory action by any  Governmental Authority in
connection with any Environmental Law.   (p) Tax Matters.   (i)(A) All Tax
Returns that are required to be filed on or  before the Effective Date
(taking into account any extensions of time  within which to file which have
not expired) by or with respect to the  Company Group, including the Company
and its Subsidiaries, have been or  will be timely filed on or before the
Effective Date, (B) all such Tax  Returns are or will be true and complete in
all material respects, (C)  all Taxes shown to be due on the Tax Returns
referred to in clause (A)  have been or will be timely paid in full, (D) the
Tax Returns referred  to in clause (A) have been examined by the Internal
Revenue Service or  the appropriate Tax authority or the period for
assessment of the Taxes  in respect of which such Tax Returns were required
to be filed has  expired, (E) all deficiencies asserted or assessments made
as a result  of such examinations have been paid in full, (F) no issues that
have  been raised by the relevant taxing authority in connection with the 
examination of any of the Tax Returns referred to in clause (A) are 
currently pending and (G) no waivers of statutes of limitation have been 
given by or requested with respect to any Taxes of the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries.   (ii) The Company has made available to Parent true and
correct  copies of the United States federal income Tax Returns filed by
the  Company and its Subsidiaries for each of the three most recent fiscal 
years ended on or before December 31, 2000.   (iii) Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has any  liability with respect to income, franchise
or similar Taxes that  accrued on or before the end of the most recent period
covered by the  Company\'s SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof in
excess of the  amounts accrued with respect thereto that are reflected in the
financial  statements included in the Company\'s SEC Documents filed on or
prior to  the date hereof.    24  29   (iv) Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is a  party to any Tax allocation or sharing agreement,
is or has been a  member of an affiliated group filing consolidated or
combined Tax  Returns (other than a group the common parent of which is or
was the  Company) or otherwise has any liability for the Taxes of any
Person  (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries).   (v) No closing
agreements, private letter rulings, technical  advice memoranda or similar
agreement or rulings have been entered into  or issued by any taxing
authority with respect to the Company and its  Subsidiaries.   (vi) Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains  any compensation plans,
programs or arrangements the payments under  which would not reasonably be
expected to be deductible as a result of  the limitations under Section
162(m) of the Code and the regulations  issued thereunder.   (vii) As of
the date hereof, the Company has no reason to  believe that any conditions
exist that might prevent or impede the  Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section  368(a) of the Code.   (viii)
(A) No Tax is required to be withheld pursuant to Section  1445 of the Code
as a result of the Transactions and (B) all Taxes that  the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is or was required by law to  withhold or collect have been
duly withheld or collected and, to the  extent required by applicable law,
have been paid to the proper  Governmental Authority or other Person.   (q)
Risk Management Instruments. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party or has agreed to enter into an exchange traded or over-the-counter
equity, interest rate, foreign exchange or other swap, forward, future,
option, cap, floor or collar or any other contract that is not included on
the balance sheet and is a derivatives contract (including
various combinations thereof) (each, a "Derivatives Contract") or owns
securities that (i) are referred to generically as "structured notes," "high
risk mortgage derivatives," "capped floating rate notes" or "capped floating
rate mortgage derivatives" or (ii) are likely to have changes in value as a
result of interest or exchange rate changes that significantly exceed normal
changes in value attributable to interest or exchange rate changes, except
for those Derivatives Contracts and other instruments legally purchased or
entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with safe and
sound banking practices and regulatory guidance. All of such Derivatives
Contracts or other instruments, are legal, valid and binding obligations of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries enforceable in accordance with their
terms (except as enforcement may be limited by general principles of equity
whether applied in a court of law or a court of equity and by bankruptcy,
insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\' rights and remedies
generally), and are in full force and effect. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have duly performed in all material respects all of their
material obligations thereunder to the extent that such obligations
to perform have accrued; and, to the Company\'s knowledge, there are no
breaches, violations or defaults or allegations or assertions of such by any
party thereunder which would have or would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (r) Loans; Nonperforming and
Classified Assets.     25  30   (i) Each loan agreement, note or
borrowing arrangement,  including without limitation portions of outstanding
lines of credit and  loan commitments (collectively, "Loans"), on the books
and records of  the Company and its Subsidiaries, was made and has been
serviced in all  material respects in accordance with customary lending
standards in the  ordinary course of business, is evidenced in all material
respects by  appropriate documentation and, to the knowledge of the
Company,  constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor
named  therein, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium,  fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general applicability
relating  to or affecting creditor\'s rights or by general equity
principles.   (ii) The Company has Previously Disclosed as to the Company 
and each Company Subsidiary as of the latest practicable date: (i) any 
written or, to the Company\'s knowledge, oral Loan under the terms of  which
the obligor is 60 or more days delinquent in payment of principal  or
interest, or to the Company\'s knowledge, in default of any other  material
provision thereof; (ii) each Loan which has been classified as 
"substandard," "doubtful," "loss" or "special mention" (or words of  similar
import) by the Company, a Company Subsidiary or an applicable  regulatory
authority; (iii) a listing of the real estate owned acquired  by foreclosure
or by deed-in-lieu thereof, including the book value  thereof; and (iv) each
Loan with any director, executive officer or five  percent or greater
shareholder of the Company or a Company Subsidiary,  or to the best knowledge
of the Company, any Person controlling,  controlled by or under common
control with any of the foregoing.   (s) Properties. All real and personal
property owned by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or presently
used by any of them in its respective business is in an adequate condition
(ordinary wear and tear excepted) and is sufficient to carry on its business
in the ordinary course of business consistent with its past practices. The
Company has good and marketable title free and clear of all Liens to all of
the material properties and assets, real and personal, reflected on the
consolidated statement of financial condition of the Company as of March 31,
2001 included in the Company\'s SEC Documents or acquired after such date,
other than properties sold by the Company in the ordinary course of business,
except (i) Liens for current taxes and assessments not yet due or payable
(ii) pledges to secure deposits and other Liens incurred in the ordinary
course of its banking business, (iii) such imperfections of title, easements
and encumbrances, if any, as are not material in character, amount or extent
and (iv) as reflected on the consolidated statement of financial condition of
the Company as of March 31, 2001 included in the Company\'s SEC Documents.
All real and personal property which is material to the Company\'s business
on a consolidated basis and leased or licensed by the Company or a Subsidiary
of the Company is held pursuant to leases or licenses which are valid and
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and such leases will
not terminate or lapse prior to the Effective Time.   (t) Intellectual
Property. The Company and each Subsidiary of the Company owns or possesses
valid and binding licenses and other rights to use without payment of any
material amount all material patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names,
service marks and trademarks used in its businesses, all of which have been
Previously Disclosed by the Company, and none of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice of conflict with respect thereto    
26  31  that asserts the right of others. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries have performed in all material respects all the obligations
required to be performed by them and are not in default under any contract,
agreement, arrangement or commitment relating to any of the foregoing.  
(u) Fiduciary Accounts. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has properly
administered all accounts for which it acts as a fiduciary, including but not
limited to accounts for which it serves as a trustee, agent,
custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator or investment
advisor, in accordance with the terms of the governing documents and
applicable laws and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or employees,
has committed any breach of trust with respect to any fiduciary account and
the records for each such fiduciary account are true and correct and
accurately reflect the assets of such fiduciary account.   (v) Books and
Records. The books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been
fully, properly and accurately maintained in all material respects, and there
are no material inaccuracies or discrepancies of any kind contained or
reflected therein, and they fairly present the financial position of the
Company and its Subsidiaries.   (w) Insurance. The Company has Previously
Disclosed all of the material insurance policies, binders, or bonds currently
maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries ("Insurance Policies").
The Company and its Subsidiaries are insured with reputable insurers against
such risks and in such amounts as the management of the Company reasonably
has determined to be prudent in accordance with industry practices. All the
Insurance Policies are in full force and effect; the Company and its
Subsidiaries are not in material default thereunder; and all claims
thereunder have been filed in due and timely fashion.   (x) Allowance For
Loan Losses. The Company\'s allowance for loan losses is, and shall be as of
the Effective Date, in compliance with the Company\'s existing methodology
for determining the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses as well as the
standards established by applicable Governmental Authorities and the
Financial Accounting Standards Board and is and shall be adequate under all
such standards.   (y) Transactions With Affiliates. All "covered
transactions" between a Company Bank and an "affiliate" within the meaning of
Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act have been in compliance with
such provisions.      (z) Required Vote; Antitakeover Provisions.   (i)
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the  issued and
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is necessary to  approve this
Agreement and the Transactions on behalf of the Company.   (ii) Based on the
representation and warranty of Parent  contained in Section 5.04(m), no
"control share acquisition," "business  combination moratorium," "fair
price"    27  32   or other form of antitakeover statute or regulation
is applicable to  this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement and the
transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby. Without limiting the
foregoing, the  Board of Directors of the Company has approved the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement
and taken  all other requisite action such that the provisions of Section 203
of  the DGCL and the provisions of the Company Articles relating to special 
voting requirements for certain business combinations will not apply to  this
Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement or any of the transactions 
contemplated hereby or thereby.   (iii) On a prior to the date hereof, the
Company and the  Rights Agent have entered into an amendment to the Company
Rights  Agreement, which amendment has been duly authorized by the Company
and  duly executed and delivered by the Company and the Rights Agent under 
the Company Rights Agreement, so that the entering into this Agreement  and
the Stock Option Agreement and the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by the Stock Option Agreement do not and will not enable or 
require the Company Rights to be exercised, distributed or triggered by  any
Person. There is no Acquiring Person, and neither a Distribution  Date nor a
Stock Acquisition Date has occurred, in each case as such  terms are defined
in the Company Rights Agreement.   (aa) Fairness Opinion. The Company Board
has received the written opinion of Merrill Lynch and Co. to the effect that as
of the date hereof the Exchange Ratio is fair to the holders of Company
Common Stock from a financial point of view.   (bb) Disclosure. The
representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.03, when
considered as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
and information contained in this Section 5.03 not misleading.   5.04.
Representations and Warranties of Parent. Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02
and except as Previously Disclosed, Parent hereby represents and warrants to
the Company as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. Parent
is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Maine. Parent is duly qualified to do business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of property or
assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified. Parent
has in effect all federal, state, local and foreign governmental
authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as it is now conducted.   (b) Parent Stock.  
(i) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of  Parent consists
solely of 400,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock, of  which no more than
137,026,185 shares were outstanding as of the date  hereof, and 5,000,000
shares of Parent Preferred Stock, of which no  shares were outstanding as of
the date hereof. The outstanding shares of  Parent Common Stock have been
duly authorized and validly issued and are  fully paid and non-assessable,
and none of the shares of Parent Common  Stock have been issued in    
28  33   violation of the preemptive rights of any Person. As of the date
hereof,  there are no Rights authorized, issued or outstanding with respect
to  the capital stock of Parent, except for (i) shares of Parent Common 
Stock issuable pursuant to the Parent Benefits Plans, (ii) shares of  Parent
Common Stock and/or Parent Preferred Stock issuable upon the  exercise of
Parent Rights and (iii) by virtue of this Agreement.   (ii) The shares of
Parent Common Stock to be issued in  exchange for shares of Company Common
Stock in the Merger, when issued  in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, will be duly authorized,  validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and the issuance thereof is  not subject to any preemptive
right.   (c) Subsidiaries.   (ii) Each of Parent\'s Significant
Subsidiaries has been duly  organized and is validly existing in good
standing under the laws of the  jurisdiction of its organization, and is duly
qualified to do business  and in good standing in the jurisdictions where its
ownership or leasing  of property or the conduct of its business requires it
to be so  qualified and it owns, directly or indirectly, all the issued and 
outstanding equity securities of each of its Significant Subsidiaries.  Each
banking subsidiary of Parent is duly licensed by the OCC and the  deposits of
each depository banking subsidiary of Parent are insured by  the FDIC in the
manner and to the maximum extent provided by law.   (iii) As of the date
hereof, (A) Parent owns, directly or  indirectly, all the issued and
outstanding equity securities of each of  its Significant Subsidiaries, (B)
no equity securities of any of the  Significant Subsidiaries of Parent are or
may become required to be  issued (other than to Parent) by reason of any
Right or otherwise, (C)  there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by  which any of Parent\'s Significant Subsidiaries is or may
be bound to  sell or otherwise transfer any of its equity securities (other
than to  Parent or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) and (D) there are
no  contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements relating to 
Parent\'s rights to vote or to dispose of such securities.   (d) Corporate
Power. Parent and each of its Significant Subsidiaries has the corporate
power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and
to own all its properties and assets. Parent has the corporate power and
authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, subject to the receipt of all necessary
approvals of Governmental Authorities.   (e) Corporate Authority. This
Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been authorized by all necessary corporate action of
Parent and the Parent Board. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Parent and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by the Company, this Agreement is a valid and legally binding agreement of
Parent enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,     29 
34  moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by general
equity principles).   (f) Regulatory Approvals; No Defaults   (i) No
consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings  or registrations with,
any Governmental Authority or with any third  party are required to be made
or obtained by Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries in connection with the
execution, delivery or performance  by Parent and the Parent Massachusetts
Bank of this Agreement, the Bank  Merger Agreements and the Stock Option
Agreement, as applicable, or to  consummate the Transactions and the other
transactions contemplated  hereby and thereby, except for (A) filings of
applications or notices  with and approvals or waivers by the Federal Reserve
Board, the FDIC,  the OCC, the Massachusetts Bank Commissioner, the
Depositors Insurance  Fund, the Maine Superintendent, the Massachusetts Board
and the MHPF, as  required, (B) filings with the SEC and state securities
authorities in  connection with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the
Merger, (C)  the approval of the listing on Nasdaq of the Parent Common Stock
to be  issued in the Merger, (D) the filing of Articles of Merger with the 
Secretary of State of the State of Maine pursuant to the MBCA and a 
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of  Delaware
pursuant to the DGCL and (E) such corporate approvals and such  consents or
approvals of, or waivers by, or filings or registrations  with, federal and
state banking agencies in connection with the Bank  Mergers. As of the date
hereof, Parent is not aware of any reason why  the approvals set forth above
and referred to in Section 7.01(b) will  not be received in a timely manner
and without the imposition of a  condition, restriction or requirement of the
type described in Section  7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to receipt, or the
making, of the consents,  approvals and filings referred to in the preceding
paragraph and  expiration of the related waiting periods, the execution,
delivery and  performance of this Agreement, the Bank Merger Agreements and
the Stock  Option Agreement by Parent and the Parent Massachusetts Bank, as 
applicable, and the consummation of the Transactions and the other 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (A) 
constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under, or give rise to  any
Lien, any acceleration of remedies or any right of termination  under, any
law, rule or regulation or any judgment, decree, order,  governmental permit
or license, or Agreement, indenture or instrument of  Parent or of any of its
Subsidiaries or to which Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries or properties is
subject or bound, (B) constitute a breach  or violation of, or a default
under, the articles of incorporation or  bylaws (or similar governing
documents) of Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries or (C) require any consent
or approval under any such law,  rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order,
governmental permit or  license, agreement, indenture or instrument.   (g)
Financial Reports and SEC Documents; Material Adverse Effect.   (i)
Parent\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year  ended December 31,
2000 and all other reports, registration statements,  definitive proxy
statements or information statements filed or to be  filed by it subsequent
to December 31, 1998 under     30  35   the Securities Act, or under
Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the  Exchange Act in the form filed or
to be filed (collectively, Parent\'s  "SEC Documents") with the SEC, as of
the date filed or to be filed, (A)  complied or will comply in all material
respects as to form with the  applicable requirements under the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, as  the case may be and (B) did not and will not
contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required  to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the  light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading;  and each of the balance sheets contained in or incorporated by
reference  into any such SEC Document (including the related notes and
schedules  thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly present, the financial
position  of Parent and its Subsidiaries as of its date, and each of the 
statements of income and changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flows  or
equivalent statements in such SEC Documents (including any related  notes and
schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly present,  the results of
operations, changes in shareholders\' equity and changes  in cash flows, as
the case may be, of Parent and its Subsidiaries for  the periods to which
they relate, in each case in accordance with GAAP  consistently applied
during the periods involved, except in each case as  may be noted
therein.   (ii) Since March 31, 2001, no event has occurred or 
circumstance arisen that, individually or taken together with all other 
facts, circumstances and events (described in any paragraph of this  Section
5.04 or otherwise), is reasonably likely to have a Material  Adverse Effect
with respect to Parent.   (h) Litigation. No litigation, claim or other
proceeding before any court or governmental agency is pending against Parent
or its Subsidiaries and, to Parent\'s knowledge, no such litigation, claim or
other proceeding has been threatened and there are no facts which could
reasonably give rise to such litigation, claim or other proceeding.   (i)
No Brokers. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, no action
has been taken by Parent or its Subsidiaries that would give rise to any
valid claim against any party hereto for a brokerage commission, finder\'s
fee or other like payment with respect to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement.   (j) Tax Matters. As of the
date hereof, Parent does not have any reason to believe that any conditions
exist that might prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.     31 
36   (k) Regulatory Matters.   (i) Neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries nor any of  any of their respective properties is a party to or
is subject to any  order, decree, agreement, memorandum of understanding or
similar  arrangement with, or a commitment letter or similar submission to,
or  extraordinary supervisory letter from, any federal or state
governmental  agency or authority charged with the supervision or regulation
of  financial institutions or issuers of securities or engaged in the 
insurance of deposits or the supervision or regulation of it  (collectively,
the "Parent Regulatory Authorities"). Parent and its  Subsidiaries have paid
all assessments made or imposed by any Parent  Regulatory Authority.   (ii)
Neither Parent nor any its Subsidiaries has been advised  by, and does not
have any knowledge of facts which could give rise to an  advisory notice by,
any Parent Regulatory Authority that such Parent  Regulatory Authority is
contemplating issuing or requesting (or is  considering the appropriateness
of issuing or requesting) any such  order, decree, agreement, memorandum of
understanding, commitment  letter, supervisory letter or similar
submission.   (l) Compliance With Laws. Each of Parent and its
Subsidiaries:   (i) is in material compliance with all applicable federal, 
state, local and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, 
judgments, orders or decrees applicable thereto or to the employees 
conducting such businesses, including, without limitation, the Equal  Credit
Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment  Act, the
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and all other applicable fair  lending laws and
other laws relating to discriminatory business  practices;   (ii) has all
permits, licenses, authorizations, orders and  approvals of, and has made all
filings, applications and registrations  with, all Governmental Authorities
that are required in order to permit  them to own or lease their properties
and to conduct their businesses as  presently conducted; all such permits,
licenses, certificates of  authority, orders and approvals are in full force
and effect and, to  Parent\'s knowledge, no suspension or cancellation of any
of them is  threatened; and   (iii) has received, since December 31, 1999,
no notification  or communication from any Governmental Authority (A)
asserting that  Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with
any of the  statutes, regulations or ordinances which such Governmental
Authority  enforces or (B) threatening to revoke any license, franchise,
permit or  governmental authorization (nor, to Parent\'s knowledge, do any
grounds  for any of the foregoing exist).   (m) Ownership of Company Common
Stock. Except for the Stock Option Agreement, none of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries, or to Parent\'s knowledge, any of its other affiliates or
associates (as such terms are defined under the Exchange Act), owns
beneficially or     32  37  of record, directly or indirectly, or is a
party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of, shares of Company Common Stock
(other than shares held in a fiduciary capacity that are beneficially owned
by third parties or as a result of debts previously contracted) which in the
aggregate represent 5% or more of the outstanding Company Common Stock.   
(n) Disclosure. The representations and warranties contained in this Section
5.04, when considered as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements and information contained in this Section 5.04 not
misleading.   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS   6.01. Reasonable Best Efforts.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of the Company
and Parent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts in good faith to take,
or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or desirable, or advisable under applicable laws, so as to
permit consummation of the Transactions as promptly as practicable and
otherwise to enable consummation of the Transactions, including the
satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VII hereof, and
shall cooperate fully with the other party hereto to that end.   6.02.
Shareholder Approval. The Company agrees to take, in accordance with
applicable law and the Company Articles and Company Bylaws, all
action necessary to convene as soon as reasonably practicable a meeting of
its shareholders to consider and vote upon the approval of this Agreement and
any other matters required to be approved by the Company\'s shareholders
for consummation of the Transactions (including any adjournment or
postponement, the "Company Meeting"). Except with the prior approval of
Parent, no other matters shall be submitted for the approval of the Company
shareholders. The Company Board shall at all times prior to and during such
meeting recommend such approval and shall take all reasonable lawful action
to solicit such approval by its shareholders; provided that nothing in this
Agreement shall prevent the Company Board from withholding, withdrawing,
amending or modifying its recommendation if the Company Board determines,
after consultation with its outside counsel, that such action is legally
required in order for the directors to comply with their fiduciary duties to
the Company shareholders under applicable law; provided, further, that
Section 6.08 shall govern the withholding, withdrawing, amending or modifying
of such recommendation in the circumstances described therein.   6.03.
Registration Statement.   (a) Parent agrees to prepare a registration
statement on Form S-4 or other applicable form (the "Registration Statement")
to be filed by Parent with the SEC in connection with the issuance of Parent
Common Stock in the Merger (including the proxy statement and prospectus and
other proxy solicitation materials of the Company constituting a part thereof
(the "Proxy Statement") and all related documents). The Company shall prepare
and furnish such     33  38  information relating to it and its
directors, officers and shareholders as may be reasonably required in
connection with the above referenced documents based on its knowledge of and
access to the information required for said documents, and the Company, and
its legal, financial and accounting advisors, shall have the right to review
in advance such Registration Statement prior to its filing. The Company
agrees to cooperate with Parent and Parent\'s counsel and accountants in
requesting and obtaining appropriate opinions, consents and letters from
its financial advisor and independent auditor in connection with the
Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement. Provided that the Company has
cooperated as described above, Parent agrees to file, or cause to be filed,
the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement with the SEC as promptly
as reasonably practicable. Each of the Company and Parent agrees to use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared
effective under the Securities Act as promptly as reasonably practicable
after the filing thereof. Parent also agrees to use its reasonable best
efforts to obtain all necessary state securities law or "Blue Sky" permits
and approvals required to carry out the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. After the Registration Statement is declared effective under the
Securities Act, the Company shall promptly mail at its expense the Proxy
Statement to its shareholders.   (b) Each of the Company and Parent agrees
that none of the information supplied or to be supplied by it for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in (i) the Registration Statement shall, at the
time the Registration Statement and each amendment or supplement thereto, if
any, becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and (ii)
the Proxy Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto shall, at the
date(s) of mailing to shareholders and at the time of the Company Meeting,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading. Each of the Company and Parent further agrees that if
such party shall become aware prior to the Effective Date of any information
furnished by such party that would cause any of the statements in the
Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement to be false or misleading with
respect to any material fact, or to omit to state any material fact necessary
to make the statements therein not false or misleading, to promptly inform
the other parties thereof and to take the necessary steps to correct the
Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement.   (c) Parent agrees to advise
the Company, promptly after Parent receives notice thereof, of the time when
the Registration Statement has become effective or any supplement or
amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order or the suspension
of the qualification of Parent Common Stock for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, of the initiation or, to the extent Parent is aware thereof,
threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the SEC
for the amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or for
additional information.   6.04. Regulatory Filings.   (a) Each of Parent
and the Company and their respective Subsidiaries shall cooperate and use
their respective reasonable best efforts to prepare all documentation, to
effect all filings and to obtain all permits, consents, approvals and
authorizations of all third parties and Governmental Authorities necessary to
consummate the Transactions and any other transactions     34 
39  contemplated by this Agreement (including the consolidation of any
Company branches with Parent Massachusetts Bank branches or branches of any
other Subsidiary of Parent or the closure of any Company branches, in each
case as Parent in its sole discretion shall deem necessary; provided,
however, that in no event shall such branch closures or consolidations be
deemed a condition to Parent\'s obligation hereunder to consummate the
Merger), the Bank Merger Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement; and any
initial filings with Governmental Authorities (other than the Proxy
Statement) shall be made by Parent as soon as reasonably practicable after
the execution hereof. Each of Parent and the Company shall have the right to
review in advance, and to the extent practicable each shall consult with the
other, in each case subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of
information, with respect to all written information submitted to any third
party or any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement. In exercising
the foregoing right, each of such parties agrees to act reasonably and as
promptly as practicable. Each party hereto agrees that it shall consult with
the other parties hereto with respect to the obtaining of all permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental
Authorities necessary or advisable to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Bank Merger Agreements and
the Stock Option Agreement and each party shall keep the other parties
apprised of the status of material matters relating to completion of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) Each party agrees, upon request, to
furnish the other parties with all information concerning itself, its
Subsidiaries, directors, officers and shareholders and such other matters as
may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with any filing,
notice or application made by or on behalf of such other parties or any of
their respective Subsidiaries to any third party or Governmental
Authority.   6.05. Press Releases. The Company and Parent shall consult with
each other before issuing any press release with respect to the Transactions
or this Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or make any such
public statements without the prior consent of the other party, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that a party may, without
the prior consent of the other party (but after such consultation, to the
extent practicable in the circumstances), issue such press release or make
such public statements as may upon the advice of outside counsel be required
by law or the rules or regulations of Nasdaq. The Company and Parent shall
cooperate to develop all public announcement materials and make appropriate
management available at presentations related to the Transactions as
reasonably requested by the other party.   6.06. Access; Information.  
(a) The Company agrees that upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable
laws relating to the exchange of information, it shall afford Parent and
Parent\'s officers, employees, counsel, accountants and other
authorized representatives such access during normal business hours
throughout the period prior to the Effective Time to the books, records
(including, without limitation, Tax Returns and work papers of independent
auditors), properties and personnel and to such other information as Parent
may reasonably request and, during such period, it shall furnish promptly to
Parent all information concerning its business, properties and personnel as
Parent may reasonably request.     35  40   (b) Parent agrees that
upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws relating to the
exchange of information, it shall afford the Company and its authorized
representatives such access to Parent\'s personnel as the Company may
reasonably request.   (c) Each party agrees that it will not, and will cause
its representatives not to, use any information obtained pursuant to this
Section 6.06 (as well as any other information obtained prior to the date
hereof in connection with the entering into of this Agreement) for any
purpose unrelated to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. Subject to the requirements of law, each party shall keep
confidential, and shall cause its representatives to keep confidential, all
information and documents obtained pursuant to this Section 6.06 (as well as
any other information obtained prior to the date hereof in connection with
the entering into of this Agreement) unless such information (i) was already
known to such party, (ii) becomes available to such party from other sources
not known by such party to be bound by a confidentiality obligation, (iii) is
disclosed with the prior written approval of the party to which such
information pertains or (iv) is or becomes readily ascertainable from
publicly available sources. In the event that this Agreement is terminated or
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall otherwise fail to be
consummated, each party shall promptly cause all copies of documents or
extracts thereof containing information and data as to another party hereto
to be returned to the party which furnished the same. No investigation by any
party of the business and affairs of any other party shall affect or be
deemed to modify or waive any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
in this Agreement, or the conditions to any party\'s obligation to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   6.07. Affiliates. The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to identify those persons who
may be deemed to be "affiliates" of the Company within the meaning of Rule
145 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act (the "Company
Affiliates") and to cause each person so identified to deliver to Parent as
soon as practicable, and in any event prior to the date of the
Company Meeting, a written agreement to comply with the requirements of Rule
145 under the Securities Act in connection with the sale or other transfer of
Parent Common Stock received in the Merger, which agreement shall be in a
form reasonably satisfactory to the Company.   6.08. Acquisition Proposals.
The Company agrees that neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of
their respective officers or directors shall, and that it shall direct and
use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and each such Subsidiary\'s
employees, agents and representatives not to, directly or indirectly,
initiate, solicit, encourage or otherwise facilitate any inquiries or the
making of any proposal or offer with respect to a merger,
reorganization, share exchange, consolidation or similar transaction
involving, or any purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company or more than 10% of the outstanding equity securities of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (any such proposal or offer being hereinafter
referred to as an "Acquisition Proposal"). The Company further agrees that
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective
officers and directors shall, and that it shall direct and use its reasonable
best efforts to cause its and each such Subsidiary\'s employees, agents and
representatives not to, directly or indirectly, engage in any negotiations
concerning, or provide any confidential information or data to, or have any
discussions with, any Person relating to an Acquisition Proposal, or
otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement an
Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that nothing contained in this
Agreement shall prevent     36  41  the Company or the Company Board
from (A) complying with its disclosure obligations under federal or state
law; (B) providing information in response to a request therefor by a Person
who has made an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal if the
Company Board receives from the Person so requesting such information an
executed confidentiality agreement; (C) engaging in any negotiations or
discussions with any Person who has made an unsolicited bona fide written
Acquisition Proposal or (D) recommending such an Acquisition Proposal to the
shareholders of the Company, if and only to the extent that, (i) in each such
case referred to in clause (B), (C) or (D) above, the Company
Board determines in good faith (after consultation with outside legal
counsel) that such action would be required in order for its directors to
comply with their respective fiduciary duties under applicable law and (ii)
in the case referred to in clause (D) above, the Company Board determines in
good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor) that such
Acquisition Proposal, if accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated,
taking into account all legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the
proposal and the Person making the proposal and would, if consummated, result
in a transaction more favorable to the Company\'s shareholders from a
financial point of view than the Merger. The Company agrees that it will
immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with
respect to any Acquisition Proposals. The Company agrees that it will notify
Parent immediately if any such inquiries, proposals or offers are received
by, any such information is requested from, or any such discussions
or negotiations are sought to be initiated or continued with, any of
its representatives.   6.09. Certain Policies. Prior to the Effective Date,
each of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall, consistent with GAAP, the
rules and regulations of the SEC and applicable banking laws and regulations,
modify or change its loan, OREO, accrual, reserve, tax, litigation and real
estate valuation policies and practices (including loan classifications and
levels of reserves) so as to be applied on a basis that is consistent with
that of Parent; provided, however, that no such modifications or changes need
be made prior to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section
7.01(b); and further provided that in any event, no accrual or reserve made
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.09 shall
constitute or be deemed to be a breach, violation of or failure to satisfy
any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement, condition or other
provision of this Agreement or otherwise be considered in determining whether
any such breach, violation or failure to satisfy shall have occurred. The
recording of any such adjustments shall not be deemed to imply any
misstatement of previously furnished financial statements or information and
shall not be construed as concurrence of the Company or its management with
any such adjustments.   6.10. Nasdaq Listing. Parent agrees to use its
reasonable best efforts to list, prior to the Effective Date, on the Nasdaq
the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
Merger.   6.11. Indemnification.   (a) From and after the Effective Time,
Parent (the "Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify and hold harmless each
present and former director, officer and employee of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary, as applicable, determined as of the Effective Time (the
"Indemnified Parties") against any costs or expenses (including reasonable
attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities
incurred in connection with any claim,    37  42  action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the
Effective Time, arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to (i) the
fact that he or she was a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or is or was serving at the request of
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries as a director, officer,
employee, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, (ii) the negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, to the fullest extent which
such Indemnified Parties would be entitled under the Company Articles and
Company Bylaws or equivalent documents of any Company Subsidiary, as
applicable, or any agreement, arrangement or understanding which has been
Previously Disclosed by the Company pursuant to this Section, in each case as
in effect on the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, Parent also
agrees that limitations on liability existing in favor of the Indemnified
Parties as provided in the Company Articles and Company Bylaws or similar
governing documents of the Company Subsidiaries as in effect on the date
hereof with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time shall
survive the Merger and the Bank Mergers and shall continue in full force and
effect from and after the Effective Time.   (b) Any Indemnified Party
wishing to claim indemnification under this Section 6.11, upon learning of
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly
notify the Indemnifying Party, but the failure to so notify shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of any liability it may have to such Indemnified Party
if such failure does not actually prejudice the Indemnifying Party. In the
event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether
arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) the Indemnifying Party shall
have the right to assume the defense thereof and the Indemnifying Party shall
not be liable to such Indemnified Parties for any legal expenses of other
counsel or any other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified
Parties in connection with the defense thereof, except that if
the Indemnifying Party elects not to assume such defense or counsel for
the Indemnified Parties advises that there are issues which raise conflicts
of interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Parties,
the Indemnified Parties may retain counsel which is reasonably satisfactory
to the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnifying Party shall pay, promptly as
statements therefor are received, the reasonable fees and expenses of such
counsel for the Indemnified Parties (which may not exceed one firm in any
jurisdiction), (ii) the Indemnified Parties will cooperate in the defense of
any such matter, (iii) the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any
settlement effected without its prior written consent and (iv) the
Indemnifying Party shall have no obligation hereunder in the event that a
federal or state banking agency or a court of competent jurisdiction shall
determine that indemnification of an Indemnified Party in the manner
contemplated hereby is prohibited by applicable laws and regulations.   (c)
Prior the Effective Time, the Company shall purchase an extended reporting
period endorsement under the Company\'s existing directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance coverage for the Company\'s directors and officers in a
form acceptable to the Company which shall provide such directors
and officers with coverage for six years following the Effective Time of not
less than the existing coverage under, and have other terms no materially
less favorable on the whole to, the insured persons than the directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance coverage presently maintained by the
Company.     38  43   (d) If Parent or any of its successors or assigns
shall consolidate with or merge into any other entity and shall not be the
continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger or shall
transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other entity, then and
in each case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of Parent shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section
6.11.   6.12 Benefit Plans.   (a) As soon as administratively practicable
after the Effective Time, Parent shall take all reasonable action so that
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be entitled to
participate in each employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of Parent
of general applicability (the "Parent Benefits Plans") to the same extent as
similarly-situated employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries (it being
understood that inclusion of the employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in the Parent Benefits Plans may occur at different times with
respect to different plans.) Parent shall cause each Parent Benefits Plan in
which employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries are eligible
to participate to recognize, for purposes of determining eligibility to
participate in, the vesting of benefits and for all other purposes (but not
for accrual of pension benefits) under the Parent Benefit Plans, as well as
the severance plan and special termination agreements of the Company, the
service of such employees with the Company and its Subsidiaries to the same
extent as such service was credited for such purpose by the Company. Nothing
herein shall limit the ability of Parent to amend or terminate any of the
Company\'s Benefits Plans in accordance with their terms at any time.   (b)
Parent shall honor, and the Surviving Corporation shall continue to be
obligated to perform, in accordance with their terms, all benefit obligations
to, and contractual rights of, current and former employees of the Company
existing as of the Effective Date, as well as all employment,
severance, deferred compensation or "change-in-control" agreements, plans or
policies of the Company which are Previously Disclosed. Parent acknowledges
that the consummation of the Merger will constitute a "change-in-control" of
the Company for purposes of any employee benefit plans, agreements and
arrangements of the Company.   (c) If employees of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries become eligible to participate in a medical, dental or
health plan of Parent, Parent shall cause each such plan to (i) waive any
preexisting condition limitations to the extent such conditions covered under
the applicable medical, health or dental plans of Parent, (ii) provide full
credit for under such plans any deductibles, co-payment and out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the employees and their beneficiaries during the portion
of the calendar year prior to such participation and (iii) waive any waiting
period limitation or evidence of insurability requirement which would
otherwise be applicable to such employee on or after the Effective Time to
the extent such employee had satisfied any similar limitation or requirement
under an analogous Plan prior to the Effective Time.   (d) For a period of
six months following the Effective Time, Parent shall provide all employees
of the Company and its Subsidiaries whose employment was terminated other
than for cause, disability or retirement at or following the Effective Time,
and who so desires, job counseling and outplacement assistance services in
accordance with Parent\'s employment policies and practices, shall assist
such employees in locating new employment and shall notify     39 
44 all such employees who want to be so notified of opportunities for
positions with Parent or any of its Subsidiaries for which Parent reasonably
believes such persons are qualified and shall consider any application for
such positions submitted by such persons, provided, however, that any
decision to offer employment to any such person shall be made in the sole
discretion of Parent.   (e) All employees of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary as of the Effective Time shall become employees of Parent or a
Parent Subsidiary as of the Effective Time, and Parent or a Parent Subsidiary
will use its reasonable best efforts to give such persons (other than any
such person who is party to an employment agreement, a severance agreement or
a special termination agreement) at least four weeks prior written notice of
any job elimination after the Effective Time for a period of 90 days
following the Effective Time. Subject to such four-week notice requirement,
Parent or a Parent Subsidiary shall have no obligation to continue the
employment of any such person and nothing contained herein shall give any
employee of the Company or a Company Subsidiary the right to continue
employment with Parent or a Parent Subsidiary after the Effective Time. An
employee of the Company or a Company Subsidiary (other than an employee who
is party to an employment agreement, a severance agreement or a
special termination agreement) whose employment is involuntarily terminated
other than for cause following the Effective Time shall be entitled to
receive severance payments in accordance with, and to the extent provided in,
the Company employee severance plan, a copy of which Parent acknowledges has
been provided to it by the Company.   (f) The Company may amend the Company
ESOP to provide that (i) in the event that the Effective Time occurs prior to
December 31, 2001, a participant who is not actively employed on December 31,
2001 may nonetheless share in allocation of contributions under the Company
ESOP if such participant was actively employed as of the Effective Time and
(ii) to terminate the Company ESOP as of the Effective Time, which
provisions, in each case, shall be reasonably satisfactory to Parent.  
6.13. Directors. Parent agrees to take all action necessary to appoint or
elect, effective as of the Effective Time, one non-employee director of
the Company as of the date hereof who is designated by the Company and who
both meets the director qualification requirements set forth in the Parent
Bylaws and is otherwise reasonably acceptable to Parent as a director of
Parent. Such person shall serve until the first annual meeting of
stockholders of Parent following the Effective Time and until his or her
successor is elected and qualified. Subject to compliance with the director
qualification requirements set forth in the Parent Bylaws and the fiduciary
duties of the Parent Board, Parent shall include such person on the list of
nominees for director presented by the Parent Board and for which the Parent
Board shall solicit proxies at the first annual meeting of shareholders of
Parent following the Effective Time, which person shall be nominated for a
three-year term.   6.14. Bank Mergers. Parent and the Company agree to take
all action necessary and appropriate, including causing the entering into of
appropriate merger agreements (the "Bank Merger Agreements"), to cause each
of the Company Banks to merge with and into the Parent Massachusetts Bank
(individually a "Bank Merger" and collectively the "Bank Mergers"), in each
case in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the terms of the
applicable Bank Merger Agreement and as soon as practicable after
consummation of the Merger. The     40  45  Bank Merger Agreements
shall provide that the directors of Parent Massachusetts Bank upon
consummation of the Bank Mergers shall be the directors of
Parent Massachusetts Bank immediately prior to the Bank Mergers, plus two
persons serving as a director of a Company Bank as of the date hereof
designated by the Company who both meet the director qualification
requirements set forth in the Bylaws of Parent Massachusetts Bank and are
otherwise acceptable to Parent and Parent Massachusetts Bank.   6.15.
Consulting Agreement. Gerald T. Mulligan (the "Executive") shall continue to
serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company until the
Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, and provided the Executive is so
willing, Parent shall to enter into a consulting and noncompetition
agreement (the "Consulting Agreement") with the Executive which provides that
(i) the Executive shall be a consultant to Parent for a three-year period
following the Effective Time (the "Consulting Period"); (ii) in his capacity
as consultant, the Executive shall provide such consulting services to Parent
as may be reasonably requested by it; (iii) during the Consulting Period the
Executive will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent
of Parent, (x) become a director, officer, employee, principal, agent or
consultant of any insured depository institution, trust company or parent
holding company of any such institution or company which has an office in
Massachusetts or New Hampshire and transacts business in any area in such
states in which the Company or any of its banking subsidiaries maintains
offices, provided, however, that this provision shall not prohibit the
Executive from owning bonds, preferred stock or up to five percent (5%) of
the outstanding common stock of any such entity if such common stock is
publicly traded, (y) solicit or induce, or cause others to solicit or induce,
any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to leave the
employment of such entities or (z) solicit any customer of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries other than in connection with the provision of consulting
services under the Consulting Agreement; and (iv) the Executive shall receive
annual compensation pursuant to the Consulting Agreement at a rate which is
equal to the base salary paid to him by the Company as of the date hereof.
The Consulting Agreement shall further provide that it shall supersede the
Employment Agreement, dated as of May 16, 1991, among the Executive, the
Company and the Andover-based banking subsidiary of the Company and, upon
payment to the Executive of the amounts required to be paid thereunder, the
Special Termination Agreement, dated as of December 17, 1992, as amended and
restated as of January 23, 1997, between the Company and the Executive.  
6.16. Company Rights Agreement. On or prior to the Effective Date,
the Company shall terminate the Company Rights Agreement in accordance with
its terms and without the payment of any consideration to the holders of the
Company Common Stock.   6.17. Notification of Certain Matters. Each of the
Company and Parent shall give prompt notice to the other of any fact, event
or circumstance known to it that (i) is reasonably likely, individually or
taken together with all other facts, events and circumstances known to it, to
result in any Material Adverse Effect with respect to it or (ii) would cause
or constitute a material breach of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements contained herein.     41  46   ARTICLE VII  
CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER   7.01. Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of each of the
parties hereto to consummate the Merger is subject to the fulfillment or
written waiver by the parties hereto prior to the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions:   (a) Shareholder Approval. This Agreement and the
Merger shall have been duly approved by holders of not less than a majority
of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock.   (b) Regulatory
Approvals. All regulatory approvals required to consummate the Transactions
shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force and effect and all
statutory waiting periods in respect thereof shall have expired and no such
approvals shall contain any conditions, restrictions or requirements which
the Parent Board reasonably determines in good faith would, individually or
in the aggregate, materially reduce the benefits of the Transactions to such
a degree that Parent would not have entered into this Agreement had such
conditions, restrictions or requirements been known at the date hereof.  
(c) No Injunction. No Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall
have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule,
regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary,
preliminary or permanent) which is in effect and prohibits consummation of
the Transactions.   (d) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement
shall have become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been
issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated by the
SEC and not withdrawn.   (e) Listing. The shares of Parent Common Stock to
be issued in the Merger shall have been approved for listing on the
Nasdaq.   (f) Tax Opinion. Each of Parent and the Company shall have
received the written opinion of Elias, Matz, Tiernan and Herrick L.L.P., dated
as of the Effective Date (which shall be based on such written
representations (including without limitation the standard representations
set forth in Revenue Procedure 86-42, 1986-2 C.B. 722), from Parent, the
Company and others as such counsel shall reasonably request as to factual
matters) to the effect that the Merger will constitute a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and to the effect that (i)
except for cash received in lieu of fractional share interests, holders of
Company Common Stock who receive Parent Common Stock in the Merger will not
recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes, (ii) the basis of
such Parent Common Stock will equal the basis of the Company Common Stock for
which it is exchanged, reduced by any amount allocable to a fractional share
interest for which cash is received, and (iii) the holding period of such
Parent Common Stock will include the holding period of the Company Common
Stock for which it is exchanged, assuming that such stock is a capital asset
in the hands of the holder thereof at the Effective Time, or, in the event
that each of Parent and the Company shall not have received    42 
47  such written opinion from Elias, Matz, Tiernan and Herrick, L.L.P. as
provided above, then in such case each of Parent and the Company shall have
received the foregoing written opinion from Goodwin Procter LLP subject to
the foregoing requirements as to form and substance.   7.02. Conditions to
Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the
Merger is also subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by the Company
prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent
set forth in this Agreement, subject in all cases to the standard set forth
in Section 5.02, shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of the Effective Date
(except that representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of
the date of this Agreement or some other date shall be true and correct as of
such date), and the Company shall have received a certificate, dated the
Effective Date, signed on behalf of Parent by the Chief Executive Officer and
the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to such effect.   (b) Performance of
Obligations of Parent. Parent shall have performed in all material respects
all obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or
prior to the Effective Time, and the Company shall have received a
certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Parent by the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to such
effect.   (c) Possible Adjustment. The time period in which the Company may
be entitled to exercise its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 8.01(f) shall have expired without the exercise by the Company of
such termination right, provided that nothing contained herein shall prevent
Parent, in the event of such exercise by the Company, from exercising its
rights under such Section   (d) Other Actions. Parent shall have furnished
the Company with such certificates of its respective officers or others and
such other documents to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set forth in
Sections 7.01 and 7.02 as the Company may reasonably request.   7.03.
Conditions to Obligations of Parent. The obligations of Parent to consummate
the Merger are also subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by Parent
prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the
Company set forth in this Agreement, subject in all cases to the standard set
forth in Section 5.02, shall be true and correct as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of
the Effective Date (except that representations and warranties that by their
terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some other date shall be true
and correct as of such date), and Parent shall have received a certificate,
dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to such
effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Company. The Company shall
have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or     43  48  prior to the
Effective Time, and Parent shall have received a certificate, dated the
Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to such
effect.   (c) Other Actions. The Company shall have furnished Parent with
such certificates of its officers or others and such other documents to
evidence fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.03 as
Parent may reasonably request.    ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION   8.01
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the Transactions may be
abandoned:   (a) Mutual Consent. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by
the mutual consent of Parent and the Company if the Board of Directors of
each so determines by vote of a majority of the members of its entire
Board.   (b) Breach. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by Parent
or the Company if its Board of Directors so determines by vote of a majority
of the members of its entire Board, in the event of: (i) a breach by Parent
or the Company, as the case may be, of any representation or warranty
contained herein (subject to the standard set forth in Section 5.02), which
breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of
written notice to the breaching party or parties of such breach; or (ii) a
breach by Parent or the Company, as the case may be, of any of the covenants
or agreements contained herein, which breach cannot be or has not been cured
within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the breaching party or
parties of such breach, which breach (whether under (i) or (ii)) would be
reasonably expected, individually or in the aggregate with other breaches, to
result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Parent or the Company, as
the case may be.   (c) Delay. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by
Parent or the Company if its Board of Directors so determines by vote of a
majority of the members of its entire Board, in the event that the
Transactions are not consummated by March 31, 2002, except to the extent that
the failure of the Merger then to be consummated arises out of or results
from the knowing action or inaction of (i) the party seeking to terminate
pursuant to this Section 8.01(c) or (ii) any of the Shareholders (if the
Company is the party seeking to terminate), which action or inaction is in
violation of its obligations under this Agreement or, in the case of the
Shareholders, his, her or its obligations under the relevant Shareholder
Agreement.   (d) No Approval. By the Company or Parent, if its Board of
Directors so determines by a vote of a majority of the members of its entire
Board, in the event (i) the approval of any Governmental Authority required
for consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall have been denied by final nonappealable action of such
Governmental Authority or an application therefor shall have been permanently
withdrawn at the     44  49  request that it be so withdrawn by a
Governmental Authority or (ii) the shareholder approval referred to in
Section 7.01(a) herein is not obtained at the Company Meeting.   (e)
Failure to Recommend. At any time prior to the Company Meeting, by Parent if
the Company shall have breached Section 6.08 or the Company Board shall have
failed to make its recommendation referred to in Section 6.02, withdrawn such
recommendation or modified or changed such recommendation in a manner adverse
in any respect to the interests of Parent.   (f) Possible Adjustment. By the
Company, if the Company Board so determines by the vote of a majority of all
of its members, at any time during the five-day period commencing with the
Determination Date, if both the following conditions are satisfied:   (1)
The Parent Closing Average shall be less than 82.5% of the Starting Price;
and   (2) (i) the number obtained by dividing the Parent Closing Average by
the Starting Price (such number being referred to herein as the "Parent
Ratio") shall be less than (ii) the number obtained by dividing the Nasdaq
Bank Average Index by the Nasdaq Bank Starting Index and multiplying
the quotient in this clause by 0.825 (such number being referred to herein as
the "Index Ratio");  subject, however, to the following three sentences. If
the Company elects to exercise its termination right pursuant to the
immediately preceding sentence, it shall give written notice to Parent
(provided that such notice of election to terminate may be withdrawn at any
time within the aforementioned five-day period). During the five-day period
commencing with its receipt of such notice, Parent shall have the option of
increasing the consideration to be received by the holders of Company Common
Stock hereunder by adjusting the Exchange Ratio to equal the lesser of (i) a
number equal to a quotient (rounded to the nearest one ten-thousandth), the
numerator of which is the product of the Starting Price, 0.825, and the
Exchange Ratio (as then in effect) and the denominator of which is the Parent
Closing Average, and (ii) a number equal to a quotient (rounded to the
nearest one ten-thousandth), the numerator of which is the Index
Ratio multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (as then in effect) and the
denominator of which is the Parent Ratio. If Parent makes an election
contemplated by the preceding sentence within such five-day period, it shall
give prompt written notice to the Company of such election and the revised
Exchange Ratio, whereupon no termination shall have occurred pursuant to this
Section 8.01(f) and this Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with
its terms (except as the Exchange Ratio shall have been so modified), and any
references in this Agreement to "Exchange Ratio" shall thereafter be deemed
to refer to the Exchange Ratio as adjusted pursuant to this Section
8.01(f).   8.02. Effect of Termination and Abandonment. In the event
of termination of this Agreement and the abandonment of the Merger pursuant
to this Article VIII, no party to this Agreement shall have any liability or
further obligation to any other party hereunder except (i) as set forth in
Section 9.01 and (ii) that termination will not relieve a breaching party
from liability for any willful breach of any covenant, agreement,
representation or warranty of this Agreement giving rise to such
termination     45  50   ARTICLE IX    MISCELLANEOUS   9.01.
Survival. No representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained
in this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time (other than agreements or
covenants contained herein that by their express terms are to be performed
after the Effective Time, and the Stock Option Agreement, which shall
terminate in accordance with the terms thereof) or the termination of
this Agreement if this Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Time
(other than Sections 6.06(c), 8.02 and, excepting Section 9.12 hereof, this
Article IX, which shall survive any such termination, and the Stock Option
Agreement, which shall terminate in accordance with the terms thereof).
Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, no
representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this
Agreement shall be deemed to be terminated or extinguished so as to deprive a
party hereto or any of its affiliates of any defense at law or in equity
which otherwise would be available against the claims of any Person,
including without limitation any shareholder or former shareholder.   9.02.
Waiver; Amendment. Prior to the Effective Time, any provision of this
Agreement may be (i) waived by the party benefited by the provision or
(ii) amended or modified at any time, by an agreement in writing among the
parties hereto executed in the same manner as this Agreement, except that
after the Company Meeting no amendment shall be made which by law requires
further approval by the shareholders of the Company without obtaining such
approval.   9.03. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute an
original.   9.04. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by,
and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Maine applicable
to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such State.   9.05
Expenses. Each party hereto will bear all expenses incurred by it in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including fees and expenses of its own financial consultants,
accountants and counsel, except that expenses of printing the Registration
Statement and the registration fee to be paid to the SEC in connection
therewith shall be shared equally between the Company and Parent, and
provided further that nothing contained herein shall limit either party\'s
rights to recover any liabilities or damages arising out of the other
party\'s willful breach of any provision of this Agreement.   9.06.
Notices. All notices, requests and other communications hereunder to a party
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if personally delivered,
telecopied (with confirmation) or mailed by registered or certified mail
(return receipt requested) to such party at its address set forth below
or such other address as such party may specify by notice to the parties
hereto.      46  51  If to the Company to:   Andover Bancorp, Inc. 
61 Main Street  Andover, Massachusetts 01810  Attention: Gerald T.
Mulligan  President and Chief Executive Officer  Fax: (978) 475-3200  
With a copy to:   Goodwin Procter LLP  One Exchange Place  Boston,
Massachusetts 02109  Attention: William P. Mayer, Esq.  Fax: (617)
523-1231   If to Parent to:   Banknorth Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two
Portland Square  Portland, Maine 04112-9540  Attention: William J. Ryan 
Chairman, President  and Chief Executive Officer  Fax: (207) 761-8587  
With a copy to:   Elias, Matz, Tiernan and Herrick L.L.P.  12th Floor, The
Walker Building  734 15th Street, N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20005  Attention:
Gerard L. Hawkins, Esq.  Fax: (202) 347-2172    9.07. Entire
Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, the Shareholder
Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement represent the entire understanding
of the parties hereto and thereto with reference to the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and this Agreement, the
Shareholder Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement supersede any and all
other oral or written agreements heretofore made. Except for the Indemnified
Parties\' right to enforce Parent\'s obligation under Section 6.11, nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any
Person, other than the parties hereto or their     47  52  respective
successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by
reason of this Agreement.   9.08. Severability. Except to the extent that
application of this Section 9.08 would have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company or Parent, any term or provision of this Agreement which is invalid
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of
this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. In all such cases, the
parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to substitute a valid, legal
and enforceable provision which, insofar as practicable, implements the
original purposes and intents of this Agreement.   9.09. Enforcement of the
Agreement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in
the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any
state having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity.   9.10. Interpretation. When a
reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such
reference shall be to a Section of, or Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation."   9.11. Assignment. No party may assign either this Agreement
or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior
written approval of the other party. Subject to the preceding sentence, this
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.   9.12.
Alternative Structure. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, Parent may at any time modify the structure of the acquisition of
the Company set forth herein, subject to the prior written consent of the
Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,
provided that (i) the Merger Consideration to be paid to the holders
of Company Common Stock is not thereby changed in kind or reduced in amount
as a result of such modification, (ii) such modification will not adversely
affect the tax treatment of the Company\'s shareholders as a result of
receiving the Merger Consideration and (iii) such modification will not
materially delay or jeopardize receipt of any required approvals of
Governmental Authorities.     48  53    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed in counterparts by
their duly authorized officers, all as of the day and year first above
written.     BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.     By:/s/ Peter J. Verrill 
----------------------------------------  Name: Peter J. Verrill  Title:
Executive Vice President,  Chief Operating Officer  and Chief Executive
Officer   ANDOVER BANCORP, INC.     By:/s/ Gerald T. Mulligan 
----------------------------------------  Name: Gerald T. Mulligan  Title:
President and Chief  Executive Officer    49       54  EXHIBIT
A    SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT   SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"),
dated as of June 11, 2001, by and among (i) _________, a shareholder
("Shareholder") of Andover Bancorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), and (ii) Banknorth Group, Inc., a Maine corporation ("Parent").
All terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned
thereto in the Merger Agreement (defined below).   WHEREAS, Parent and the
Company have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the
date hereof (the "Merger Agreement"), providing for the business combination
transaction contemplated therein, pursuant to which the Company will merge
with and into Parent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement (the "Merger") and Parent will pay consideration to
the shareholders of the Company in the form of Parent Common Stock; and  
WHEREAS, Shareholder owns the shares of Company Common Stock identified on
Annex I hereto (such shares, together with all shares of Company Common
Stock subsequently acquired by Shareholder during the term of this Agreement,
being referred to as the "Shares"); and   WHEREAS, in order to induce
Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, Shareholder, solely in such
Shareholder\'s capacity as a shareholder of the Company and not in any other
capacity, has agreed to enter into and perform this Agreement.   NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   1. Agreement to Vote Shares. Shareholder shall vote or cause  to
be voted, or execute a written consent with respect to, the Shares,  to the
extent such Shares are entitled to vote, in favor of approval  and adoption
of (i) the Merger Agreement and all transactions  contemplated thereby at
every meeting of the shareholders of the  Company at which such matters are
considered and at every adjournment  thereof and in connection with every
proposal to take action by written  consent with respect thereto and (ii) any
amendment to the Company  Articles and/or the Company Bylaws required to be
made to effect any of  the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
at every meeting  of the shareholders of the Company at which such matters
are considered  and at every adjournment thereof and in connection with every
proposal  to take action by written consent with respect thereto.   2. No
Voting Trusts. Shareholder agrees that Shareholder will  not, nor will
Shareholder permit any entity under Shareholder\'s control  to, deposit any
Shares in a voting trust or subject the Shares to any  agreement, arrangement
or understanding with respect to the voting of  the Shares inconsistent with
this Agreement, except to the extent       55    that such Shares are
currently subject to any such voting trust  agreement, arrangement or
understanding.   3. Representations and Warranties of Shareholder.
Shareholder  represents and warrants to and agrees with Parent as
follows:   A. Capacity. Shareholder has all requisite capacity and 
authority to enter into and perform his, her or its obligations under  this
Agreement.   B. Binding Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the valid
and  legally binding obligation of Shareholder, subject to bankruptcy, 
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar  laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\'  rights and to
general equity principles.   C. Non-Contravention. The execution and
delivery of this  Agreement by Shareholder does not, and the performance by
Shareholder  of his, her or its obligations hereunder and the consummation
by  Shareholder of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, violate 
or conflict with, or constitute a default under, any agreement,  instrument,
contract or other obligation or any order, arbitration  award, judgment or
decree to which Shareholder is a party or by which  Shareholder is bound, or
any statute, rule or regulation to which  Shareholder is subject or, in the
event that Shareholder is a  corporation, partnership, trust or other entity,
any charter, bylaw or  other organizational document of Shareholder.   D.
Ownership of Shares. Shareholder has good title to all of  the Shares as of
the date hereof, and, except as set forth on Annex II  hereto, the Shares are
so owned free and clear of any liens, security  interests, charges or other
encumbrances.   4. Specific Performance and Remedies. Shareholder
acknowledges that it will be impossible to measure in money the damage to
Parent if Shareholder fails to comply with the obligations imposed by this
Agreement and that, in the event of any such failure, Parent will not have an
adequate remedy at law or in equity. Accordingly, Shareholder agrees that
injunctive relief or other equitable remedy, in addition to remedies at law
or in damages, is the appropriate remedy for any such failure and will not
oppose the granting of such relief on the basis that Parent has an adequate
remedy at law. Shareholder agrees that Shareholder will not seek, and agrees
to waive any requirement for, the securing or posting of a bond in connection
with Parent\'s seeking or obtaining such equitable relief. In addition, after
discussing the matter with Shareholder, Parent shall have the right to inform
any third party that Parent reasonably believes to be, or to be
contemplating, participating with Shareholder or receiving from Shareholder
assistance in violation of this Agreement, of the terms of this Agreement and
of the rights of Parent hereunder, and that participation by any such persons
with Shareholder in activities in violation of Shareholder\'s agreement with
Parent set forth in this Agreement may give rise to claims by Parent against
such third party.      2  56   5. Term of Agreement; Termination.  
A. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date  hereof.   B. This
Agreement shall terminate upon the date, if any, of  termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. Upon  such termination, no
party shall have any further obligations or  liabilities hereunder; provided,
however, such termination shall not  relieve any party from liability for any
breach of this Agreement prior  to such termination.   C. If the Merger
Agreement is not terminated prior in  accordance with its terms, this
Agreement (except for the provisions of  Section 8, which shall survive the
Effective Time) shall terminate upon  the Effective Time. Upon such
termination, no party shall have any  further obligations or liabilities
under this Agreement; provided,  however, such termination shall not relieve
any party from liability  for any breach of such Section prior to such
termination.   6. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior
agreements, written or oral, among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof and contains the entire agreement among the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended,
supplemented or modified, and no provisions hereof may be modified or waived,
except by an instrument in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver of
any provisions hereof by either party shall be deemed a waiver of any other
provisions hereof by any such party, nor shall any such waiver be deemed a
continuing waiver of any provision hereof by such party.   7. Notices. All
notices, requests, claims, demands or other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, upon receipt
of a transmission confirmation if sent by telecopy or like transmission and
on the next business day when sent by a reputable overnight courier service
to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a
party as shall be specified by like notice):   If to Parent:   Banknorth
Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square  Portland, Maine
04112-9540  Attention: William J. Ryan  Chairman, President and  Chief
Executive Officer   Fax: (207) 761-8587     3  57   With a copy
to:   Elias, Matz, Tiernan and Herrick, L.L.P.  734 15th Street, N.W. 
Washington, D.C. 20005  Attn: Gerard L. Hawkins, Esq.  Fax: (202)
347-2172   If to Shareholder:   ------------------------  
------------------------   ------------------------   With a copy to:  
Goodwin Proctor LLP  One Exchange Place  Boston, Massachusetts 02109 
Attention: William P. Mayer, Esq.  Fax: (617) 523-1231   8.
Miscellaneous.   A. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or
the  application of such provision to any person or circumstances shall be 
held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,  such
provision or application shall be unenforceable only to the extent  of such
invalidity or unenforceability, and the remainder of the  provision held
invalid or unenforceable and the application of such  provision to persons or
circumstances, other than the party as to which  it is held invalid, and the
remainder of this Agreement, shall not be  affected.   B. Capacity. The
covenants contained herein shall apply to  Shareholder solely in his or her
capacity as a shareholder of the  Company, and no covenant contained herein
shall apply to Shareholder in  his or her capacity as a director, officer or
employee of the Company  or in any other capacity. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be  deemed to apply to, or limit in any manner, the
obligations of the  Shareholder to comply with his or her fiduciary duties as
a director of  the Company.   C. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more  counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original but all  of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.     4  58   D. Headings. All Section headings herein are
for convenience  of reference only and are not part of this Agreement, and
no  construction or reference shall be derived therefrom.   E. CHOICE OF
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED A CONTRACT  MADE UNDER, AND FOR ALL
PURPOSES SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH,  THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
MAINE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICTS OF  LAW PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD CAUSE
THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY  JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF
MAINE.       5  59    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.  
BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.    By:  -------------------------------------- 
Name: Peter J. Verrill  Title: Executive Vice President,  Chief Operating
Officer and  Chief Executive Officer    [SHAREHOLDER]   
------------------------------------------  (Signature)      6 
60    ANNEX I  SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT   Number of Shares Owned:   
7      61  EXHIBIT B   STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   Stock Option
Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2001, between Banknorth Group, Inc., a Maine
corporation ("Grantee"), and Andover Bancorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Issuer").   W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, Grantee and Issuer have
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger of even date herewith (the
"Merger Agreement"), providing for, among other things, the merger of Issuer
with and into Grantee (the "Merger"); and   WHEREAS, as a condition and an
inducement to Grantee to enter into the Merger Agreement, Issuer has agreed
to grant Grantee the Option (as hereinafter defined);   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements set
forth herein and in the Merger Agreement, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   1. (a) Issuer hereby grants to Grantee an
unconditional, irrevocable option (the "Option") to purchase, subject to the
terms hereof, up to an aggregate of 1,340,478 fully paid and nonassessable
shares (the "Option Shares") of common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of
Issuer (the "Common Stock") at a price per share equal to $37.65 (the "Option
Price"); provided, however, that in no event shall the number of shares for
which this Option is exercisable exceed 19.9% of the issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock that may be
received upon the exercise of the Option and the Option Price are subject to
adjustment as herein set forth.   (b) In the event that any additional
shares of Common Stock are either (i) issued or otherwise become outstanding
after the date of this Agreement (other than pursuant to this Agreement and
other than pursuant to an event described in Section 5 hereof), including,
without limitation, pursuant to stock option or other employee plans or as a
result of the exercise of conversion rights, or (ii) redeemed, repurchased,
retired or otherwise cease to be outstanding after the date of this
Agreement, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Option shall
be increased or decreased, as appropriate, so that, after such event, such
number equals 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock then issued and
outstanding without giving effect to any shares subject to or issued pursuant
to the Option. Nothing contained in this Section l(b) or elsewhere in this
Agreement shall be deemed to authorize Issuer or Grantee to breach any
provision of the Merger Agreement.   2. (a) The Holder (as hereinafter
defined) may exercise the Option, in whole or part, and from time to time,
if, but only if, both an Initial Triggering Event (as hereinafter defined)
and a Subsequent Triggering Event (as hereinafter defined) shall have
occurred prior to the occurrence of an Exercise Termination Event (as
hereinafter defined), provided that the Holder shall have sent the Exercise
Notice (as hereinafter defined) within ninety (90) days   62  following
such Subsequent Triggering Event (or such later period as provided in Section
10). Each of the following shall be an Exercise Termination Event: (i) the
Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement); (ii) termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with the provisions thereof if such
termination occurs prior to the occurrence of an Initial Triggering
Event, except a termination by Grantee pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of the
Merger Agreement (unless the breach by Issuer giving rise to such right of
termination was non-volitional ( a "Listed Termination")); or (iii) the
passage of 12 months (or such longer period as provided in Section 10) after
termination of the Merger Agreement if such termination follows the
occurrence of an Initial Triggering Event or is a Listed Termination,
provided that if an Initial Triggering Event continues or occurs beyond such
termination and prior to the passage of such 12-month-period, the Exercise
Termination Event shall be 12 months from the expiration of the Last
Triggering Event but in no event more than 18 months after such termination.
The term "Last Triggering Event" shall mean the last Initial Triggering Event
to be in effect, and the term "Holder" shall mean the holder or holders of
the Option pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, the Option may not be exercised at any time when
Grantee shall be in willful material breach of any of its covenants or
agreements contained in the Merger Agreement such that Issuer shall be
entitled to terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section
8.01(b) thereof as a result of such a willful material breach.   (b) The
term "Initial Triggering Event" shall mean any of the following events or
transactions occurring on or after the date hereof:   (i) Issuer or any
Subsidiary (as hereinafter  defined) of Issuer (an "Issuer Subsidiary"),
without having  received Grantee\'s prior written consent, shall have
entered  into an agreement to engage in an Acquisition Transaction (as 
hereinafter defined) with any person (the term "person" for  purposes of this
Agreement having the meaning assigned thereto  in Sections 3(a)(9) and
13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act  of 1934, as amended (the "1934
Act"), and the rules and  regulations thereunder), other than Grantee or any
Subsidiary of  Grantee (a "Grantee Subsidiary") or the Board of Directors
of  Issuer (the "Issuer Board") shall have recommended that the 
stockholders of Issuer approve or accept any Acquisition  Transaction with
any person other than Grantee or a Grantee  Subsidiary. For purposes of this
Agreement, (a) "Acquisition  Transaction" shall mean (w) a merger or
consolidation, or any  similar transaction, involving Issuer or any Issuer
Subsidiary,  (x) a purchase, lease or other acquisition or assumption of
all  or any substantial part of the consolidated assets or  consolidated
deposits of Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary, (y) a  purchase or other
acquisition (including by way of merger,  consolidation, share exchange or
otherwise) of securities  representing 10% or more of the voting power of
Issuer or any  Issuer Subsidiary or (z) any substantially similar
transaction,  provided that in no event shall (i) any merger,
consolidation,  purchase or similar transaction involving only Issuer and one
or  more of its Subsidiaries, or involving only any two or more of  such
Subsidiaries, be deemed to be an Acquisition Transaction,  provided that any
such transaction is not entered into in  violation of the terms of the Merger
Agreement, or (ii) the  transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or
the  entering into   2   63   of the Merger Agreement be deemed to be
an Acquisition  Transaction; and (b) "Subsidiary" shall have the meaning
set  forth in Rule 12b-2 under the 1934 Act;   (ii) Any person, other than
Grantee or a Grantee  Subsidiary, shall have acquired beneficial ownership or
the  right to acquire beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the 
outstanding shares of Common Stock (the term "beneficial  ownership" for
purposes of this Agreement having the meaning  assigned thereto in Section
13(d) of the 1934 Act, and the rules  and regulations thereunder);   (iii)
The stockholders of Issuer shall have voted and  failed to approve the Merger
Agreement at a meeting which has  been held for that purpose or any
adjournment or postponement  thereof, or such meeting shall not have been
held in violation  of the Merger Agreement or shall have been cancelled prior
to  termination of the Merger Agreement if, in each case prior to  such
meeting (or if such meeting shall not have been held or  shall have been
cancelled, prior to such termination), it shall  have been publicly announced
that any person (other than Grantee  or a Grantee Subsidiary) shall have
made, or publicly disclosed  an intention to make, a proposal to engage in an
Acquisition  Transaction;   (iv) The Issuer Board, without having
received  Grantee\'s prior written consent, shall have withdrawn or 
modified, or publicly announced its intention to withdraw or  modify in any
manner adverse in any respect to Grantee, its  recommendation that the
stockholders of Issuer approve the  transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement in  anticipation of engaging in an Acquisition Transaction, or 
Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary shall have authorized,  recommended or
proposed, or publicly announced its intention to  authorize, recommend or
propose, an agreement to engage in an  Acquisition Transaction with any
person other than Grantee or a  Grantee Subsidiary;   (v) Any person other
than Grantee or a Grantee  Subsidiary shall have filed with the Securities
and Exchange  Commission ("SEC") a registration statement or tender offer 
materials with respect to a potential exchange offer or tender  offer that
would constitute an Acquisition Transaction (or filed  a preliminary proxy
statement with the SEC with respect to a  potential vote by its stockholders
to approve the issuance of  shares to be offered in such an exchange
offer);   (vi) Issuer shall have breached any covenant or  obligation
contained in the Merger Agreement after a proposal is  made by any third
party, other than Grantee or a Grantee  Subsidiary, to engage in an
Acquisition Transaction and  following such breach (x) Grantee would be
entitled to terminate  the Merger Agreement (whether immediately or after the
giving of  notice or passage of time or both) and (y) such breach shall not 
have been cured prior to the Notice Date (as defined below); or    3  
64   (vii) Any person other than Grantee or a Grantee  Subsidiary, without
Grantee\'s prior written consent, shall have  filed an application or notice
with the Board of Governors of  the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal
Reserve Board") or  other federal or state bank regulatory or antitrust
authority,  which application or notice has been accepted for processing, 
for approval to engage in an Acquisition Transaction.   (c) The term
"Subsequent Triggering Event" shall mean any of the following events or
transactions occurring after the date hereof:   (i) The acquisition by any
person (other than  Grantee or any Grantee Subsidiary) of beneficial
ownership of  25% or more of the then outstanding Common Stock; or   (ii)
The occurrence of the Initial Triggering Event  described in clause (i) of
subsection (b) of this Section 2,  except that the percentage referred to in
clause (y) of the  second sentence thereof shall be 25%.   (d) Issuer shall
notify Grantee promptly in writing of the occurrence of any Initial
Triggering Event or Subsequent Triggering Event (together, a "Triggering
Event") of which it has notice, it being understood that the giving of such
notice by Issuer shall not be a condition to the right of the Holder to
exercise the Option.   (e) In the event the Holder is entitled to and wishes
to exercise the Option (or any portion thereof), it shall send to Issuer a
written notice (an "Exercise Notice," the date of which being herein referred
to as the "Notice Date") specifying (i) the total number of shares of Common
Stock it will purchase pursuant to such exercise and (ii) a place and date
not earlier than three business days nor later than 60 business days from the
Notice Date for the closing of such purchase (the "Closing," the date of
which being herein referred to as the "Closing Date"); provided that if prior
notification to or approval of the Federal Reserve Board or any other
regulatory or antitrust agency is required in connection with such purchase,
the Holder shall promptly file the required notice or application for
approval, shall promptly notify Issuer of such filing and shall expeditiously
process the same and the period of time that otherwise would run pursuant to
this sentence shall run instead from the date on which any required
notification periods have expired or been terminated or such approvals have
been obtained and any requisite waiting period or periods shall have passed.
Any exercise of the Option shall be deemed to occur on the Notice Date
relating thereto. The term "business day" for purposes of this
Agreement means any day, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and any other day that
is a legal holiday in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or a day on which
banking institutions in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts are authorized by
law or executive order to close.   (f) At a Closing, the Holder shall (i)
pay to Issuer the aggregate purchase price for the Option Shares purchased
pursuant to the exercise of the Option in immediately available funds by wire
transfer to a bank account designated by Issuer and (ii) present and   
4   65  surrender this Agreement to Issuer at its principal executive
offices, provided that the failure or refusal of the Issuer to designate such
a bank account or accept surrender of this Agreement shall not preclude the
Holder from exercising the Option.   (g) At a Closing, simultaneously with
the delivery of immediately available funds as provided in subsection (f) of
this Section 2, Issuer shall deliver to the Holder a certificate or
certificates representing the number of Option Shares purchased by the Holder
and, if the Option should be exercised in part only, a new Option evidencing
the rights of the Holder thereof to purchase the balance of the Option Shares
purchasable hereunder, and the Holder shall deliver to Issuer a copy of this
Agreement and a letter agreeing that the Holder will not offer to sell or
otherwise dispose of such shares in violation of applicable law or the
provisions of this Agreement.   (h) Certificates for Option Shares delivered
at a Closing hereunder may be endorsed (in the sole discretion of Issuer)
with a restrictive legend that shall read substantially as follows:   "The
transfer of the shares represented by this certificate is  subject to certain
provisions of an agreement between the registered  holder hereof and Issuer
and to resale restrictions arising under the  Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. A copy of such agreement is on file  at the principal office of
Issuer and will be provided to the holder  hereof without charge upon receipt
by Issuer of a written request  therefor."  It is understood and agreed
that: (i) the reference to the resale restrictions of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "1933 Act") in the above legend shall be removed by
delivery of substitute certificate(s) without such reference if the Holder
shall have delivered to Issuer a copy of a letter from the staff of the SEC,
or an opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Issuer, to the effect that such legend is not required for purposes of the
1933 Act; (ii) the reference to the provisions of this Agreement in the above
legend shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificate(s) without such
reference if the shares have been sold or transferred in compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement and under circumstances that do not require the
retention of such reference in the opinion of counsel to the Holder, which
shall be set forth in a written opinion in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Issuer; and (iii) the legend shall be removed in
its entirety if the conditions in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) are both
satisfied. In addition, such certificates shall bear any other legend as may
be required by law.   (i) Upon the giving by the Holder to Issuer of the
written notice of exercise of the Option provided for under paragraph (e) of
this Section 2, the tender of the applicable purchase price in immediately
available funds and the tender of a copy of this Agreement to Issuer, the
Holder shall be deemed, subject to the receipt of any necessary regulatory
approvals, to be the holder of record of the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such exercise, notwithstanding that the stock transfer books of Issuer
shall then be closed or that certificates representing such shares of Common
Stock shall not then be actually delivered to the Holder. Issuer shall pay
all expenses, and any and all United States federal, state and local taxes
and    5   66  other charges that may be payable in connection with the
preparation, issue and delivery of stock certificates under this Section 2 in
the name of the Holder or its assignee, transferee or designee.   3. Issuer
agrees: (i) that it shall at all times maintain, free from preemptive rights,
sufficient authorized but unissued or treasury shares of Common Stock so that
the Option may be exercised without additional authorization of Common Stock
after giving effect to all other options, warrants, convertible securities
and other rights to purchase Common Stock; (ii) that it will not, by charter
amendment or through reorganization, consolidation, merger, dissolution or
sale of assets, or by any other voluntary act, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the covenants, stipulations or conditions
to be observed or performed hereunder by Issuer; (iii) promptly to take all
action as may from time to time be required (including without limitation (x)
complying with all applicable premerger notification, reporting and waiting
period requirements specified in 15 U.S.C. Section 18a and regulations
promulgated thereunder and (y) in the event, under the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHCA"), or the Change in Bank Control Act of
1978, as amended, or any state or other federal banking law, prior approval
of or notice to the Federal Reserve Board or to any state or other federal
regulatory authority is necessary before the Option may be exercised,
cooperating fully with the Holder in connection with the preparation of such
applications or notices and providing such information to the Federal Reserve
Board or such state or other federal regulatory authority as they
may require) in order to permit the Holder to exercise the Option and Issuer
duly and effectively to issue shares of Common Stock pursuant hereto; and
(iv) promptly to take all action provided herein to protect the rights of the
Holder against dilution.   4. This Agreement and the Option granted hereby
are exchangeable, without expense, at the option of the Holder, upon
presentation and surrender of this Agreement at the principal office of
Issuer, for other Agreements providing for Options of different denominations
entitling the holder thereof to purchase on the same terms and subject to the
same conditions as are set forth herein in the aggregate the same number of
shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder. The terms "Agreement" and
"Option" as used herein include any Stock Option Agreements and related
Options for which this Agreement (and the Option granted hereby) may be
exchanged. Upon receipt by Issuer of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it
of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Agreement, and (in the
case of loss, theft or destruction) of reasonably satisfactory
indemnification, and upon surrender and cancellation of this Agreement, if
mutilated, Issuer will execute and deliver a new Agreement of like tenor and
date. Any such new Agreement executed and delivered shall constitute an
additional contractual obligation on the part of Issuer, subject to
the aforementioned indemnification, if applicable, whether or not the
Agreement so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated shall at any time be
enforceable by anyone.   5. In addition to the adjustment in the number of
shares of Common Stock that are purchasable upon exercise of the Option
pursuant to Section 1 of this Agreement, the number of Option Shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the Option and the Option Price shall be
subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 5. In the
event of any change in, or distributions in respect of, the Common Stock by
reason of stock dividend, stock split, split-up, merger, recapitalization,
stock combination, subdivision, conversion, exchange of shares, distribution
on or in respect of the Common Stock or similar transaction, the type and
number of    6   67  Option Shares subject to the Option, and the
Option Price therefor, shall be adjusted appropriately, and proper provision
shall be made in the agreements governing such transaction, so that Grantee
shall receive upon exercise of the Option the number and class of Option
Shares or other securities or property that Grantee would have received in
respect of Option Shares if the Option had been exercised immediately prior
to such event, or the record date therefor, as applicable.   6. Upon the
occurrence of a Subsequent Triggering Event that occurs prior to an Exercise
Termination Event, Issuer shall, at the request of Grantee delivered within
six (6) months (or such later period as provided in Section 10) following
such Subsequent Triggering Event (whether on its own behalf or on behalf of
any subsequent holder of this Option (or part thereof) or any of the Option
Shares issued pursuant hereto), promptly prepare, file and keep current, with
respect to the Option and the Option Shares, a registration statement
under the 1933 Act, and qualify such Option and Option Shares for resale or
other disposition under applicable state securities laws, in each case in
accordance with any plan of disposition requested by Grantee. Issuer will use
all reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement promptly to
become effective and then to remain effective for such period not in excess
of 180 days from the day such registration statement first becomes effective
or such shorter time as may be reasonably necessary to effect such sales or
other dispositions. Grantee shall have the right to demand two such
registrations. Issuer shall bear the costs of such registrations (including,
but not limited to, Issuer\'s attorneys\' fees, printing costs and filing
fees, except for underwriting discounts or commissions, brokers\' fees and
the fees and disbursements of Grantee\'s counsel related thereto). The
foregoing notwithstanding, if, at the time of any request by Grantee for
registration of the Option or Option Shares as provided above, Issuer is in
registration with respect to an underwritten public offering by Issuer of
shares of Common Stock, and if in the good faith judgment of the managing
underwriter or managing underwriters, or, if none, the sole underwriter or
underwriters, of such offering, the inclusion of the Option and/or Option
Shares would interfere with the successful marketing of the shares of Common
Stock offered by Issuer, the number of shares represented by the Option
and/or the number of Option Shares otherwise to be covered in
the registration statement contemplated hereby may be reduced; provided,
however, that after any such required reduction the number of shares
represented by the Option and/or the number of Option Shares to be included
in such offering for the account of the Holder shall constitute at least 25%
of the total number of shares to be sold by the Holder and Issuer in the
aggregate; and provided further, however, that if such reduction occurs, then
Issuer shall file a registration statement for the balance as promptly as
practicable thereafter as to which no reduction pursuant to this Section 6
shall be permitted or occur and Holder shall thereafter be entitled to one
additional registration and the twelve (12) month period referred to in the
first sentence of this section shall be increased to twenty four (24) months.
Each such Holder shall provide all information reasonably requested by Issuer
for inclusion in any such registration statement to be filed hereunder. If
requested by any such Holder in connection with such registration, Issuer
shall become a party to any underwriting agreement relating to the sale of
such shares, but only to the extent of obligating itself in respect of
representations, warranties, indemnities and other agreements customarily
included in such underwriting agreements for Issuer. Upon receiving any
request under this Section 6 from any Holder, Issuer agrees to send a copy
thereof to any other person known to Issuer to be entitled to registration
rights under this   7   68  Section 6, in each case by promptly mailing
the same, postage prepaid, to the address of record of the persons entitled
to receive such copies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, in no event shall the number of registrations that Issuer is
obligated to effect be increased by reason of the fact that there shall be
more than one Holder as a result of any assignment or division of this
Agreement.   7. (a) Upon the occurrence of a Subsequent Triggering
Event that occurs prior to an Exercise Termination Event, (i) at the request
of any Holder delivered prior to an Exercise Termination Event (or such later
period as provided in Section 10), Issuer (or any successor thereto) shall
repurchase the Option from the Holder at a price (the "Option Repurchase
Price") equal to the amount by which (A) the Market/Offer Price (as defined
below) exceeds (B) the Option Price, multiplied by the number of shares for
which the Option may then be exercised, and (ii) at the request of the owner
of Option Shares from time to time (the "Owner"), delivered within 90 days
following such occurrence (or such later period as provided in Section 10),
Issuer (or any successor thereto) shall repurchase such number of the Option
Shares from the Owner as the Owner shall designate at a price (the "Option
Share Repurchase Price") equal to the greater of (A) the Market/Offer Price
and (B) the average exercise price per share paid by the Owner for the Option
Shares so designated. The term "Market/Offer Price" shall mean the highest of
(i) the price per share of Common Stock at which a tender offer or exchange
offer therefor has been made, (ii) the price per share of Common Stock to be
paid by any person, other than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, pursuant to
an agreement with Issuer of the kind described in Section 2(b)(i), (iii) the
highest closing price for shares of Common Stock within the six-month period
immediately preceding the date of such required repurchase of the Option or
Option Shares, as the case may be, or (iv) in the event of a sale of all or
any substantial part of Issuer\'s assets or deposits, the sum of the price
paid in such sale for such consolidated assets or consolidated deposits and
the current market value of the remaining assets of Issuer as determined by a
nationally-recognized investment banking firm selected by a majority in
interest of the Holders or the Owners, as the case may be, and reasonably
acceptable to Issuer, divided by the number of shares of Common Stock of
Issuer outstanding at the time of such sale. In determining the
Market/Offer Price, the value of consideration other than cash shall be
determined by a nationally-recognized investment banking firm selected by the
Holder or Owner, as the case may be, and reasonably acceptable to Issuer.  
(b) Each Holder and Owner, as the case may be, may exercise its right to
require Issuer to repurchase the Option and any Option Shares pursuant to
this Section 7 by surrendering for such purpose to Issuer, at its principal
office, a copy of this Agreement or certificates for Option Shares,
as applicable, accompanied by a written notice or notices stating that such
Holder or Owner, as the case may be, elects to require Issuer to repurchase
this Option and/or Option Shares in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 7. As promptly as practicable, and in any event within five business
days after the surrender of the Option and/or certificates representing
Option Shares and the receipt of such notice or notices relating thereto,
Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder the Option
Repurchase Price and/or to the Owner the Option Share Repurchase Price
therefor or the portion thereof that Issuer is not then prohibited under
applicable law and regulation from so delivering.   8   69   (c) To the
extent that Issuer is prohibited under applicable law or regulation, or as a
consequence of administrative policy, or as a result of a written agreement
or other binding obligation with a governmental or regulatory body or agency,
from repurchasing the Option and/or the Option Shares in full, Issuer shall
immediately so notify each Holder and/or each Owner and thereafter deliver or
cause to be delivered, from time to time, to such Holder and/or such Owner,
as appropriate, the portion of the Option Repurchase Price and the Option
Share Repurchase Price, respectively, that it is no longer prohibited from
delivering, within two business days after the date on which Issuer is no
longer so prohibited; provided, however, that if Issuer at any time after
delivery of a notice of repurchase pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section
7 is prohibited under applicable law or regulation, or as a consequence of
administrative policy, or as a result of a written agreement or other
binding obligation with a governmental or regulatory body or agency, from
delivering to the Holder and/or the Owner, as appropriate, the Option
Repurchase Price and the Option Share Repurchase Price, respectively, in part
or in full (and Issuer hereby undertakes to use all reasonable efforts to
obtain all required regulatory and legal approvals and to file any required
notices as promptly as practicable in order to accomplish such repurchase),
such Holder or Owner may revoke its notice of repurchase of the Option and/or
the Option Shares either in whole or to the extent of the prohibition,
whereupon, in the latter case, Issuer shall promptly (i) deliver to the
Holder and/or the Owner, as appropriate, that portion of the Option
Repurchase Price and/or the Option Share Repurchase Price that Issuer is not
prohibited from delivering with respect to Options or Option Shares as to
which the Holder or the Owner, as the case may be, has not revoked its
repurchase demand; and (ii) deliver, as appropriate, either (A) to
the Holder, a new Agreement evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase
that number of shares of Common Stock obtained by multiplying the number of
shares of Common Stock for which the surrendered Agreement was exercisable at
the time of delivery of the notice of repurchase by a fraction, the numerator
of which is the Option Repurchase Price less the portion thereof theretofore
delivered to the Holder and the denominator of which is the Option Repurchase
Price, and/or (B) to such Owner, a certificate for the Option Shares it is
then so prohibited from repurchasing.   8. (a) In the event that prior to
an Exercise Termination Event, Issuer shall enter into an agreement (i) to
consolidate with or merge into any person, other than Grantee or a Grantee
Subsidiary, or engage in a plan of exchange with any person, other than
Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, and Issuer shall not be the continuing or
surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger or the acquiror in such
plan of exchange, (ii) to permit any person, other than Grantee or a Grantee
Subsidiary, to merge into Issuer or be acquired by Issuer in a plan of
exchange and Issuer shall be the continuing or surviving or acquiring
corporation, but, in connection with such merger or plan of exchange, the
then outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be changed into or exchanged
for stock or other securities of any other person or cash or any other
property or the then outstanding shares of Common Stock shall after such
merger or plan of exchange represent less than 50% of the outstanding shares
and share equivalents of the merged or acquiring company, or (iii) to sell or
otherwise transfer all or a substantial part of its or any
Issuer Subsidiary\'s consolidated assets or consolidated deposits to any
person, other than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, then, and in each such
case, the agreement governing such transaction shall make proper provision so
that the Option shall, upon the consummation of any such transaction and upon
the terms and conditions set forth herein, be converted into, or   9  
70  exchanged for, an option (the "Substitute Option"), at the election of
any Holder, of either (x) the Acquiring Corporation (as hereinafter defined)
or (y) any person that controls the Acquiring Corporation.   (b) The
following terms have the meanings indicated:   (i) "Acquiring Corporation"
shall mean (i) the  continuing or surviving person of a consolidation or
merger with  Issuer (if other than Issuer), (ii) the acquiring person in a 
plan of exchange in which Issuer is acquired, (iii) Issuer in a  merger or
plan of exchange in which Issuer is the continuing or  surviving or acquiring
person, and (iv) the transferee of all or  a substantial part of Issuer\'s
consolidated assets or  consolidated deposits (or the assets or deposits of
an Issuer  Subsidiary).   (ii) "Substitute Common Stock" shall mean the
common  stock issued by the issuer of the Substitute Option upon  exercise
of the Substitute Option.   (iii) "Assigned Value" shall mean the
Market/Offer  Price, as defined in Section 7.   (iv) "Average Price" shall
mean the average closing  price of a share of the Substitute Common Stock for
the one year  immediately preceding the consolidation, merger, share
exchange  or sale in question, but in no event higher than the closing 
price of the shares of Substitute Common Stock on the day  preceding such
consolidation, merger, share exchange or sale;  provided that if Issuer is
the issuer of the Substitute Option,  the Average Price shall be computed
with respect to a share of  common stock issued by the person merging into
Issuer or by any  company which controls or is controlled by such person, as
the  Holder may elect.   (c) The Substitute Option shall have the same
terms as the Option, provided that if the terms of the Substitute Option
cannot, for legal reasons, be the same as the Option, such terms shall, to
the extent legally permissible, be as similar as possible to, and in no event
less advantageous to the Holder than, the terms of the Option. The issuer of
the Substitute Option also shall enter into an agreement with the then Holder
or Holders of the Substitute Option in substantially the same form as this
Agreement (after giving effect for such purpose to the provisions of Section
9), which agreement shall be applicable to the Substitute Option.   (d) The
Substitute Option shall be exercisable for such number of shares of
Substitute Common Stock as is equal to the Assigned Value multiplied by the
number of shares of Common Stock for which the Option was exercisable
immediately prior to the event described in the first sentence of Section
8(a), divided by the Average Price. The exercise price of the
Substitute Option per share of Substitute Common Stock shall then be equal to
the Option Price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock for which the Option was exercisable
immediately prior to the event described in the first    10  
71  sentence of Section 8(a) and the denominator of which shall be the
number of shares of Substitute Common Stock for which the Substitute Option
is exercisable.   (e) In no event, pursuant to any of the
foregoing paragraphs, shall the Substitute Option be exercisable for more
than 19.9% of the shares of Substitute Common Stock outstanding prior to
exercise of the Substitute Option. In the event that the Substitute Option
would be exercisable for more than 19.9% of the shares of Substitute Common
Stock outstanding prior to exercise but for this paragraph (e), the issuer of
the Substitute Option (the "Substitute Option Issuer") shall make a cash
payment to Holder equal to the excess of (i) the value of the Substitute
Option without giving effect to the limitation in this paragraph (e) over
(ii) the value of the Substitute Option after giving effect to the limitation
in this paragraph (e). This difference in value shall be determined by a
nationally-recognized investment banking firm selected by a majority in
interest of the Holders and reasonably acceptable to the Acquiring
Corporation.   (f) Issuer shall not enter into any transaction described
in paragraph (a) of this Section 8 unless the Acquiring Corporation and any
person that controls the Acquiring Corporation assume in writing all the
obligations of Issuer hereunder.   9. (a) At the request of the holder of
the Substitute Option (the "Substitute Option Holder") delivered to the
Substitute Option Issuer, the Substitute Option Issuer shall repurchase the
Substitute Option from the Substitute Option Holder at a price (the
"Substitute Option Repurchase Price") equal to the amount by which (i) the
Highest Closing Price (as hereinafter defined) exceeds (ii) the exercise
price of the Substitute Option, multiplied by the number of shares of
Substitute Common Stock for which the Substitute Option may then be
exercised, and at the request of each owner (the "Substitute Share Owner") of
shares of Substitute Common Stock (the "Substitute Shares"), the Substitute
Option Issuer shall repurchase the Substitute Shares at a price
(the "Substitute Share Repurchase Price") equal to the greater of (A) the
Highest Closing Price and (B) the average exercise price per share paid by
the Substitute Share Owner for the Substitute Shares so designated,
multiplied by the number of Substitute Shares so designated. The term
"Highest Closing Price" shall mean the highest closing price for shares of
Substitute Common Stock within the six-month period immediately preceding the
date the Substitute Option Holder gives notice of the required repurchase of
the Substitute Option or the Substitute Share Owner gives notice of the
required repurchase of the Substitute Shares, as applicable.   (b) Each
Substitute Option Holder and Substitute Share Owner, as the case may be, may
exercise its respective right to require the Substitute Option Issuer to
repurchase the Substitute Option and the Substitute Shares pursuant to this
Section 9 by surrendering for such purpose to the Substitute Option Issuer,
at its principal office, the agreement for such Substitute Option (or, in the
absence of such an agreement, a copy of this Agreement) and/or certificates
for Substitute Shares accompanied by a written notice or notices stating that
the Substitute Option Holder or the Substitute Share Owner, as the case may
be, elects to require the Substitute Option Issuer to repurchase the
Substitute Option and/or the Substitute Shares in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 9. As promptly as practicable, and in any event
within two business   11   72  days after the surrender of the
Substitute Option and/or certificates representing Substitute Shares and the
receipt of such notice or notices relating thereto, the Substitute Option
Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Substitute Option Holder
the Substitute Option Repurchase Price and/or to the Substitute Share Owner
the Substitute Share Repurchase Price therefor, or the portion(s) thereof
which the Substitute Option Issuer is not then prohibited under applicable
law and regulation from so delivering.   (c) To the extent that the
Substitute Option Issuer is prohibited under applicable law or regulation, or
as a consequence of administrative policy, or as a result of a written
agreement or other binding obligation with a governmental or regulatory body
or agency, from repurchasing the Substitute Option and/or the Substitute
Shares in part or in full, the Substitute Option Issuer following a request
for repurchase pursuant to this Section 9 shall immediately so notify the
Substitute Option Holder and/or the Substitute Share Owner and thereafter
deliver or cause to be delivered, from time to time, to the Substitute Option
Holder and/or the Substitute Share Owner, as appropriate, the portion of the
Substitute Option Repurchase Price and/or the Substitute Share Repurchase
Price, respectively, which it is no longer prohibited from delivering, within
two business days after the date on which the Substitute Option Issuer is no
longer so prohibited; provided, however, that if the Substitute Option Issuer
is at any time after delivery of a notice of repurchase pursuant to
subsection (b) of this Section 9 prohibited under applicable law or
regulation, or as a consequence of administrative policy, or as a result of a
written agreement or other binding obligation with a governmental or
regulatory body or agency, from delivering to the Substitute Option Holder
and/or the Substitute Share Owner, as appropriate, the Substitute Option
Repurchase Price and the Substitute Share Repurchase Price, respectively, in
full (and the Substitute Option Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts
to obtain all required regulatory and legal approvals as promptly as
practicable in order to accomplish such repurchase), the Substitute Option
Holder and/or Substitute Share Owner may revoke its notice of repurchase of
the Substitute Option or the Substitute Shares either in whole or to the
extent of the prohibition, whereupon, in the latter case, the Substitute
Option Issuer shall promptly (i) deliver to the Substitute Option Holder or
Substitute Share Owner, as appropriate, that portion of the Substitute Option
Repurchase Price or the Substitute Share Repurchase Price that the Substitute
Option Issuer is not prohibited from delivering; and (ii) deliver, as
appropriate, either (A) to the Substitute Option Holder, a new Substitute
Option evidencing the right of the Substitute Option Holder to purchase that
number of shares of the Substitute Common Stock obtained by multiplying the
number of shares of the Substitute Common Stock for which the surrendered
Substitute Option was exercisable at the time of delivery of the notice of
repurchase by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Substitute Option
Repurchase Price less the portion thereof theretofore delivered to the
Substitute Option Holder and the denominator of which is the Substitute
Option Repurchase Price, and/or (B) to the Substitute Share Owner, a
certificate for the Substitute Option Shares it is then so prohibited from
repurchasing.   10. The 90-day or six-month periods for exercise of certain
rights under Sections 2, 6, 7 and 9 shall be extended: (i) to the extent
necessary to obtain all regulatory approvals for the exercise of such rights
(for so long as the Holder, Owner, Substitute Option Holder or Substitute
Share Owner, as the case may be, is using its reasonable best efforts to
obtain such regulatory   12   73  approvals), and for the expiration of
all statutory waiting periods; (ii) during the pendency of any order,
injunction or judgment that prohibits or delays exercise of such rights; and
(iii) to the extent necessary to avoid liability under Section 16(b) of the
1934 Act by reason of such exercise.   11. (a) Issuer hereby represents and
warrants to Grantee as  follows:   (i) Issuer has full corporate power and
authority to  execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of  this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby have
been duly and validly authorized by the  Issuer Board and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of  Issuer are necessary to authorize this Agreement
or to  consummate the transactions so contemplated. This Agreement has  been
duly and validly executed and delivered by Issuer.   (ii) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement,  the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and  compliance by Issuer with any of the provisions
hereof will not  (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of
its  Charter or Bylaws or a default (or give rise to any right of 
termination, cancellation or acceleration) under any of the  terms,
conditions or provisions of any note, bond, debenture,  mortgage, indenture,
license, material agreement or other  material instrument or obligation to
which Issuer is a party, or  by which it or any of its properties or assets
may be bound, or  (ii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute,
rule  or regulation applicable to Issuer or any of its properties or 
assets.   (iii) Issuer has taken all necessary corporate action  to
authorize and reserve and to permit it to issue, and at all  times from the
date hereof through the termination of this  Agreement in accordance with its
terms will have reserved for  issuance upon the exercise of the Option, that
number of shares  of Common Stock equal to the maximum number of shares of
Common  Stock at any time and from time to time issuable hereunder, and  all
such shares, upon issuance pursuant thereto, will be duly  authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and  will be delivered free and
clear of all claims, liens,  encumbrances and security interests and not
subject to any  preemptive rights.   (b) Grantee hereby represents and
warrants to Issuer that:  (i) Grantee has full corporate power and
authority  to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its 
obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this  Agreement by
Grantee and the performance of its obligations  hereunder by Grantee have
been duly and validly authorized by  all necessary corporate action on the
part of Grantee and no  other corporate proceedings on the part of Grantee
are necessary  to authorize this Agreement for Grantee to perform   
13   74   its obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly and 
validly executed and delivered by Grantee.   (ii) The Option is not being,
and any shares of  Common Stock or other securities acquired by Grantee
upon  exercise of the Option will not be, acquired with a view to the 
public distribution thereof and will not be transferred or  otherwise
disposed of except in a transaction registered or  exempt from registration
under the 1933 Act and any applicable  securities offering rules of a federal
or state banking  authority.   12. Neither of the parties hereto may assign
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement
or the Option created hereunder to any other person, without the express
written consent of the other party, except that in the event a Subsequent
Triggering Event shall have occurred prior to an Exercise Termination Event,
Grantee, subject to the express provisions hereof, may assign in whole or in
part its rights and obligations hereunder, provided, however, that until the
date 15 days following the date on which the Federal Reserve Board approves
an application by Grantee under the BHCA to acquire the shares of Common
Stock subject to the Option, Grantee may not assign its rights under the
Option except in (i) a widely dispersed public distribution, (ii) a private
placement in which no one party acquires the right to purchase in excess of
2% of the voting shares of Issuer, (iii) an assignment to a single party
(e.g., a broker or investment banker) for the sole purpose of conducting a
widely dispersed public distribution on Grantee\'s behalf or (iv) any other
manner approved by the Federal Reserve Board.   13. Each of Grantee and
Issuer will use all reasonable efforts to make all filings with, and to
obtain consents of, all third parties and governmental authorities necessary
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, applying to the Federal Reserve Board under
the BHCA for approval to acquire the shares issuable hereunder and applying
for listing or quotation of such shares on any exchange or quotation system
on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted.   14. (a)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no event shall the
Grantee\'s Total Profit (as hereinafter defined) exceed $19,700,000 (the
"Maximum Profit") and, if it otherwise would exceed such amount, the Grantee,
at its sole election, shall either (i) reduce the number of shares of Common
Stock subject to this Option, (ii) deliver to the Issuer for cancellation
Option Shares previously purchased by Grantee, (iii) pay cash to the Issuer
or (iv) any combination thereof, so that Grantee\'s actually realized Total
Profit shall not exceed the Maximum Profit after taking into account
the foregoing actions. As used herein, the term "Total Profit" shall mean
the aggregate amount (before taxes) of the following: (i) the amount received
by Grantee pursuant to Issuer\'s repurchase of the Option (or any portion
thereof) pursuant to Section 7 hereof, (ii) (x) the amount received by
Grantee pursuant to Issuer\'s repurchase of the Option Shares pursuant to
Section 7 hereof, less (y) the Grantee\'s purchase price for such Option
Shares, (iii) (x) the net cash amounts received by Grantee pursuant to the
sale of Option Shares (or any other securities into which such Option Shares
are converted or exchanged) to any unaffiliated party, less (y) the
Grantee\'s purchase price of such Option Shares, (iv) any amounts   
14   75  received by Grantee on the transfer of the Option (or any portion
thereof) to any unaffiliated party and (v) any equivalent amount with respect
to the Substitute Option.   (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, this Option may not be exercised for a number of shares as would,
as of the date of exercise, result in a Notional Total Profit (as hereinafter
defined) of more than the Maximum Profit, provided that nothing in this
sentence shall restrict any exercise of the Option permitted hereby on any
subsequent date. As used herein, the term "Notional Total Profit" with
respect to any number of shares as to which Grantee may propose to exercise
this Option shall be the Total Profit determined as of the date of such
proposed exercise assuming that this Option were exercised on such date for
such number of shares and assuming that such shares, together with all other
Option Shares held by Grantee and its affiliates as of such date, were sold
for cash at the closing market price for the Common Stock as of the close of
business on the preceding trading day (less customary brokerage
commissions).   15. The parties hereto acknowledge that damages would be
an inadequate remedy for a breach of this Agreement by either party hereto
and that the obligations of the parties hereto shall be enforceable by either
party hereto through injunctive or other equitable relief. In connection
therewith, both parties waive the posting of any bond or similar
requirement.   16. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction contained
in this Agreement is held by a court or a federal or state regulatory agency
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder
of the terms, provisions and covenants and restrictions contained in this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and shall in no way be
affected, impaired or invalidated. If for any reason such court or regulatory
agency determines that the Holder is not permitted to acquire, or Issuer or
Substitute Option Issuer, as the case may be, is not permitted to repurchase
pursuant to Section 7 or Section 9, as the case may be, the full number of
shares of Common Stock provided in Section l(a) hereof (as adjusted pursuant
to Section l(b) or Section 5 hereof), it is the express intention of Issuer
(which shall be binding on the Substitute Option Issuer) to allow the Holder
to acquire or to require Issuer or Substitute Option Issuer, as the case may
be, to repurchase such lesser number of shares as may be permissible, without
any amendment or modification hereof.   17. All notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications hereunder shall be deemed to have been duly
given when delivered in person, by fax, telecopy or by registered or
certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) at the respective
addresses of the parties set forth in the Merger Agreement.   18. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Maine, without regard to the conflict of law principles
thereof.   19. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall
constitute one and the same agreement.    15   76   20. Except as
otherwise expressly provided herein, each of the parties hereto shall bear
and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereunder, including fees and expenses of
its own financial consultants, investment bankers, accountants and
counsel.   21. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in the
Merger Agreement, this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder and
supersedes all prior arrangements or understandings with respect thereof,
written or oral. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto,
and their respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies,
obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as
expressly provided herein.   22. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement
and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Merger
Agreement.    16   77    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has
caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its officers thereunto
duly authorized, all as of the date first above written.   ANDOVER BANCORP,
INC.     By:  ----------------------------------------------  Name:
Gerald T. Mulligan  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer   
BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.     By: 
-----------------------------------------------  Name: Peter J. Verrill 
Title: Executive Vice President, Chief  Operating Officer and Chief Executive
Officer    17     '

