 AGREEMENT and PLAN OF CONSOLIDATION    1 
EXHIBIT
2.2      ==============================================================================    
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF CONSOLIDATION    DATED AS OF JUNE 11, 2001   
BETWEEN    BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.,    AND    METROWEST
BANK             ==============================================================================    
2      TABLE OF CONTENTS   RECITALS   ARTICLE I   CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS     Page No.  -------  ~~  1.01. Certain
Definitions................................................................2  
ARTICLE II   THE CONVERSION, THE CONSOLIDATION AND THE BANK MERGER  2.01
The
Conversion.....................................................................7 2.02.
The
Consolidation..................................................................8 2.03.
Effective Date and Effective Time;
Closing.........................................9 2.04 The Bank
Merger....................................................................9  
ARTICLE III   CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE PROCEDURES  3.01. Consolidation
Consideration........................................................9 3.02.
Rights as Shareholders; Stock
Transfers...........................................10 3.03. Dissenting
Shares.................................................................10 3.04.
Exchange
Procedures...............................................................10 3.05.
Company
Options...................................................................11  
ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS PENDING ACQUISITION  4.01. Forbearances of the
Company.......................................................12 4.02.
Forbearances of
Parent............................................................14  
ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  5.01. Disclosure
Schedules..............................................................15 5.02.
Standard..........................................................................15 5.03.
Representations and Warranties of the
Company.....................................15 5.04. Representations and
Warranties of Parent..........................................27    i  
3    ~~   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS  6.01. Reasonable Best
Efforts...........................................................30 6.02.
Shareholder
Approval..............................................................30 6.03.
Regulatory
Filings................................................................30 6.04.
Press
Releases....................................................................31 6.05.
Access;
Information...............................................................31 6.06.
Acquisition
Proposals.............................................................32 6.07.
Certain
Policies..................................................................33 6.08.
Indemnification...................................................................33 6.09.
Benefit
Plans.....................................................................34 6.10.
The Bank
Merger...................................................................36 6.11.
Interim
Sub.......................................................................36 6.12
Director of
Parent................................................................36 6.13.
Notification of Certain
Matters...................................................36   ARTICLE
VII   CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE CONSOLIDATION  7.01. Conditions to
Obligations of the Company and Interim Sub to  Effect the
Consolidation..........................................................36 7.02.
Conditions to Obligations of the
Company..........................................37 7.03. Conditions to
Obligations of Parent and Interim Sub...............................37  
ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION  8.01.
Termination.......................................................................38 8.02.
Effect of Termination and
Abandonment.............................................39   ARTICLE IX  
MISCELLANEOUS  9.01.
Survival..........................................................................39 9.02.
Waiver;
Amendment.................................................................39 9.03.
Counterparts......................................................................40 9.04.
Governing
Law.....................................................................40 9.05.
Expenses..........................................................................40 9.06
Notices...........................................................................40 9.07.
Entire Understanding; No Third Party
Beneficiaries................................41 9.08.
Severability......................................................................41   
ii  4    ~~  9.09. Enforcement of the
Agreement......................................................41 9.10.
Interpretation....................................................................41 9.11
Assignment........................................................................42 9.12.
Alternative
Structure.............................................................42   EXHIBIT
A Form of Shareholder Agreement EXHIBIT B Form of Stock Option Agreement  
iii  5     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF CONSOLIDATION, dated as of June 11, 2001
(this "Agreement"), between Banknorth Group, Inc. ("Parent") and MetroWest
Bank (the "Company").   RECITALS   A. The Company. The Company is a
Massachusetts-chartered savings bank, having its principal place of business
in Framingham, Massachusetts.   B. Parent. Parent is a Maine corporation,
having its principal place of business in Portland, Maine.   C. Board
Action. The respective Boards of Directors of Parent and the Company have
determined that it is in the best interests of their respective companies and
their shareholders to consummate the Transactions, consisting of (a) the
Conversion, pursuant to which the Company shall convert to a national bank,
(b) the Consolidation, pursuant to which Interim Sub and the Company shall
consolidate and in connection therewith each share of Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (excluding Dissenting
Shares and Treasury Stock) shall be cancelled in exchange for the right to
receive the Consolidation Consideration and (c) the Bank Merger, pursuant to
which the Company shall be merged with and into Parent Bank, it being the
intention of the parties that the Conversion, the Consolidation and the Bank
Merger occur in that order substantially simultaneously.   D. Shareholder
Agreements. As a material inducement to Parent to enter into this Agreement,
and simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, each Shareholder (as
defined herein) is entering into an agreement, in the form of Exhibit A
hereto, (collectively, the "Shareholder Agreements") pursuant to which they
have agreed, among other things, to vote their shares of Company Common Stock
in favor of this Agreement.   E. Stock Option Agreement. As a material
inducement to the willingness of Parent to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Company is simultaneously entering into
the Stock Option Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto
(the "Stock Option Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company will grant to
Parent an option to acquire shares of Company Common Stock.   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants,
representations, warranties and agreements contained herein the parties agree
as follows:   6    ARTICLE I   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS   1.01. Certain
Definitions. The following terms are used in this Agreement with the meanings
set forth below:   "Acquisition Proposal" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.06.   "Agreement" means this Agreement, as amended or modified
from  time to time in accordance with Section 9.02.   "Bank Insurance Fund"
means the Bank Insurance Fund maintained  by the FDIC.   "Bank Merger" has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.10.   "Bank Merger Agreement" has the
meaning set forth in Section  6.10.   "Benefit Plans" has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.03(m).   "Business Day" means Monday through Friday of
each week, except  a legal holiday recognized as such by the U.S. Government
or any day  on which banking institutions in the State of Maine or the 
Commonwealth of Massachusetts are authorized or obligated to close.  
"Certificate" means any certificate which immediately prior to  the Effective
Time represented shares of Company Common Stock.   "Closing" and "Closing
Date" have the meanings set forth in  Section 2.03(b).   "Certificate of
Consolidation" has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.03(a).   "Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  "Code").  
"Community Reinvestment Act" means the Community Reinvestment  Act of 1977,
as amended.   "Company" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement.   "Company Articles" means the Charter of the Company, as 
amended.   "Company Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
"Company Bylaws" means the Bylaws of the Company.   "Company Common Stock"
means the common stock, $0.10 par value  per share, of the Company.    
2  7   "Company Group" means any "affiliated group" (as defined in 
Section 1504(a) of the Code without regard to the limitations  contained in
Section 1504(b) of the Code) that includes the Company  and its Subsidiaries
or any predecessor of or any successor to the  Company (or to another such
predecessor or successor).   "Company Loan Property" has the meaning set
forth in Section  5.03(o).   "Company Meeting" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.02.   "Company Preferred Stock" means the preferred stock, $0.10
per  share, of the Company.   "Company Stock" means, collectively, the
Company Common Stock and  the Company Preferred Stock.   "Company Options"
means the options to acquire Company Common  Stock issued under the Company
Stock Option Plans.   "Company Stock Option Plans" means the Company\'s 2001
Stock  Option Plan, 1997 Stock Incentive Plan and 1986 Stock Option Plan,
in  each case as amended as of the date hereof.   "Consolidated
Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section  2.02(a).  
"Consolidation" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).  
"Consolidation Consideration" means $11.50 in cash, without  interest, for
each share of Company Common Stock that is outstanding  immediately prior to
the Effective Time (but excluding Dissenting  Shares and Treasury Stock).  
"Conversion" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a).   "Converted
Company" has the meaning set forth in Section  2.01(a).   "Derivatives
Contract" has the meaning set forth in Section  5.03(q).   "Disclosure
Schedule" has the meaning set forth in Section  5.01.   "Dissenting Shares"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03.   "Effective Date" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a).   "Effective Time" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.03(a).   "Employees" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(m).   "Environmental Laws" has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.03(o).     3  8   "Equal Credit Opportunity Act" means the Equal
Credit  Opportunity Act, as amended.   "ERISA" means the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of  1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate"
has the meaning set forth in Section  5.03(m)(iii).   "Exchange Act" means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder.   "Exchange Agent" means an exchange agent
designated by Parent.   "Fair Housing Act" means the Fair Housing Act, as
amended.   "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.   "FDIC
Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(g).   "Federal Reserve
Act" means the Federal Reserve Act, as  amended.   "Federal Reserve Board"
means the Board of Governors of the  Federal Reserve System.   "GAAP" means
generally accepted accounting principles.   "Governmental Authority" means
any federal, state or local  court, administrative agency or commission or
other governmental  authority or instrumentality.   "Hazardous Substance"
has the meaning set forth in Section  5.03(o).   "Indemnified Party" and
"Indemnifying Party" have the meanings  set forth in Section 6.08(a).  
"Insurance Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section  6.08(b).  
"Insurance Policies" has the meaning set forth in Section  5.03(s).  
"Interim Sub" means an interim national bank to be formed and  wholly-owned
by Parent as a transitory Subsidiary to effect the  Consolidation.  
"Liens" means any charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest,  restriction,
claim, lien or encumbrance.   "Loans" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(r).   "Maine Superintendent" means the Superintendent of the Bureau 
of Banking of the State of Maine.    4  9     "Massachusetts Board"
means the Massachusetts Board of Bank  Incorporation.   "Massachusetts
Commissioner" means the Commissioner of Banks of  the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts.   "Material Adverse Effect" means (a) with respect to the 
Company, any effect that (i) is material and adverse to the financial 
position, results of operations or business of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or would materially impair the ability  of the
Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or  otherwise
materially impede the consummation of the Transactions;  provided, however,
that Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to  include the impact of
(i) changes in banking and similar laws of  general applicability or
interpretations thereof by Governmental  Authorities, (ii) changes in GAAP or
regulatory accounting  requirements applicable to banks generally, (iii)
changes in general  economic conditions affecting banks generally, (iv) any
modifications  or changes to valuation policies and practices in connection
with the  Transactions or restructuring charges taken in connection with
the  Transactions, in each case in accordance with GAAP, and (v) the 
effects of any action or omission taken with the prior consent of  Parent (it
being understood that Parent has consented to the actions  taken by the
Company and Previously Disclosed pursuant to this  Agreement); and (b) with
respect to Parent, any effect that materially  impairs the ability of Parent
or Parent Bank to make payment at the  Effective Time of the aggregate
Consolidation Consideration or  otherwise materially impairs the ability of
Parent, Parent Bank or  Interim Sub to consummate the Transactions.  
"MHPF" means the Massachusetts Housing Partnership Fund.   "Nasdaq" means
The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.\'s National Market  System.   "National Bank
Act" means the National Bank Act, as amended.   "National Labor Relations
Act" means the National Labor  Relations Act, as amended.   "OCC" means the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.   "Organization" means the
organization of Interim Sub by Parent.   "Parent" has the meaning set forth
in the preamble to this  Agreement.   "Parent Bank" means First
Massachusetts Bank, National  Association and any successor thereto.  
"Parent Benefit Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section  6.09(a).  
"Parent Bylaws" means the Bylaws of Parent.   "Parent Board" means the Board
of Directors of Parent.     5  10    "Pension Plan" has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.03(m)(ii).   "Person" means any individual, bank,
corporation, partnership,  association, joint-stock company, business trust,
limited liability  company or unincorporated organization.   "Previously
Disclosed" by a party shall mean information set  forth in a section of its
Disclosure Schedule corresponding to the  section of this Agreement where
such term is used.   "Proxy Statement" means the proxy statement, together
with any  amendments and supplements thereto, to be delivered to holders of 
Company Common Stock in connection with the solicitation of their  approval
of this Agreement.   "Regulatory Authorities" has the meaning set forth in
Section  5.03(i).   "Rights" means, with respect to any Person, warrants,
options,  rights, convertible securities and other arrangements or
commitments  which obligate the Person to issue or dispose of any of its
capital  stock or other ownership interests.   "SEC" means the Securities
and Exchange Commission.   "SEC Documents" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.04(f).   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended,  and the rules and regulations thereunder.   "Shareholder
Agreements" has the meaning set forth in the  recitals to this Agreement.  
"Shareholders" means each director of the Company.   "Subsidiary has the
meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 1-02 of  Regulation S-X of the SEC.  
"Stock Option Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the  recitals to this
Agreement.   "Tax" and "Taxes" mean all federal, state, local or foreign 
income, gross income, gains, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,  goods
and services, capital, production, transfer, franchise, windfall  profits,
license, withholding, payroll, employment, disability,  employer health,
excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation,  property, environmental,
custom duties, unemployment or other taxes of  any kind whatsoever, together
with any interest, additions or  penalties thereto and any interest in
respect of such interest and  penalties.   "Tax Returns" means any return,
declaration or other report  (including elections, declarations, schedules,
estimates and  information returns) with respect to any Taxes.     6 
11    "Transactions" means the Organization, the Conversion, the 
Consolidation and the Bank Merger.   "Treasury Stock" means shares of
Company Stock held by the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by Parent or
any of its  Subsidiaries, in each case other than in a fiduciary (including 
custodial or agency) capacity or as a result of debts previously  contracted
in good faith.   ARTICLE II   THE CONVERSION, THE CONSOLIDATION AND THE
BANK MERGER   2.01. The Conversion.   (a) The Conversion. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, immediately prior to the Effective
Time, the Company shall convert in accordance with the provisions of Section
35 of the National Bank Act and the regulations of the OCC thereunder and any
applicable Massachusetts law and regulations (the "Conversion") into a
national bank incorporated under the laws of the United States (the Company,
after the Conversion, sometimes being referred to herein as the "Converted
Company").   (b) Name. The name of the Converted Company shall be
"MetroWest Bank, National Association."   (c) Articles and Bylaws. The
Articles of Association and Bylaws of the Converted Company shall be in the
form of the model forms for such instruments set forth in the regulations of
the OCC.   (d) Directors and Officers of the Converted Company. The
directors of the Converted Company shall be the directors of the Company
immediately prior to the Conversion. The executive officers of the Converted
Company shall be the executive officers of the Company immediately prior to
the Conversion.   (e) Authorized Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock
of the Converted Company upon consummation of the Conversion shall be as set
forth in the Articles of Association of the Converted Company.   (f) Common
Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
the Conversion shall remain outstanding and be deemed to represent one share
of Converted Company Common Stock.   (g) Effect of the Conversion. At the
Effective Time, the effect of the Conversion shall be as provided in Section
35 of the National Bank Act and the regulations of the OCC thereunder.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of the Company shall vest in the Converted Company, and all debts,
liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of     
7  12    the Company shall become the debts, liabilities, obligations,
restrictions, disabilities and duties of the Converted Company.    2.02
The Consolidation.   (a) The Consolidation. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and the prior consummation of the Organization
and the Conversion, at the Effective Time, Interim Sub and the Company shall
consolidate in accordance with the requirements of Section 215 of the
National Bank Act and the regulations of the OCC thereunder (the
"Consolidation"), the separate corporate existence of Interim Sub shall cease
and the Company shall continue to exist as a national bank incorporated under
the laws of the United States (the Company, as the surviving corporation in
the Consolidation, sometimes being referred to herein as the "Consolidated
Corporation").   (b) Name. The name of the Consolidated Corporation
upon consummation of the Consolidation shall be "MetroWest Bank,
National Association."   (c) Articles and Bylaws. The Articles of
Association and Bylaws of the Consolidated Corporation upon consummation of
the Consolidation shall be the Articles of Association and Bylaws of the
Company as in effect immediately prior to consummation of the
Consolidation.   (d) Directors and Officers of the Consolidated Corporation.
The directors of the Company immediately after the Consolidation shall be
the directors of Parent Bank immediately prior to the Consolidation, plus
two persons serving as a director of the Company immediately prior to
the Consolidation designated by the Company who both meet the
director qualification requirements set forth in the Bylaws of Parent Bank
and are otherwise acceptable to Parent and Parent Bank. The executive
officers of the Company immediately after the Consolidation shall be the
executive officers of Parent Bank immediately prior to the Consolidation.
Each of the directors and executive officers of the Company immediately after
the Consolidation shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and
qualified or otherwise in accordance with the Articles of Association and
Bylaws of the Company.   (e) Authorized Capital Stock. The authorized
capital stock of the Consolidated Corporation upon consummation of the
Consolidation shall be as set forth in the Articles of Association of the
Company immediately prior to the Consolidation.   (f) Effect of the
Consolidation. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Consolidation shall
be as provided in Section 215 of the National Bank Act and the regulations of
the OCC thereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of Interim Sub and the Company shall vest in the
Consolidated Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations,
restrictions, disabilities and duties of Interim Sub and the Company shall
become the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and
duties of the Consolidated Corporation.     8  13     2.03. Effective
Date and Effective Time; Closing.   (a) Subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than those
conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the consummation of
the Consolidation, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those
conditions), the parties shall request the OCC to issue a certificate of
consolidation (the "Certificate of Consolidation"), and in connection
therewith make such filing or filings as may be required to consummate the
Consolidation by applicable laws and regulations, on (i) a date selected by
Parent after such satisfaction or waiver which is not later than the later of
(A) five Business Days after such satisfaction or waiver or (B) the first
month end following such satisfaction or waiver, or (ii) such other date to
which the parties may agree in writing. The Consolidation provided for herein
shall become effective upon the issuance of a Certificate of Consolidation by
the OCC or on such date as may be specified therein. The date of such filing
or such later effective date is herein called the "Effective Date." The
"Effective Time" of the Consolidation shall be the time of such filing or as
set forth in such filing.   (b) A closing (the "Closing") shall take place
immediately prior to the Effective Time at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, at the
principal offices of Parent in Portland, Maine, or such other place, at such
other time, or on such other date as the parties may mutually agree upon
(such date, the "Closing Date"). At the Closing, there shall be delivered to
Parent and the Company the opinions, certificates and other documents
required to be delivered under Article VII hereof.   2.04. The Bank Merger.
After the Consolidation, the Consolidated Corporation shall merge with and
into the Parent Bank pursuant to the Bank Merger Agreement, as provided in
Section 6.10.   ARTICLE III   CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE PROCEDURES   3.01.
Consolidation Consideration. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at
the Effective Time, automatically by virtue of the Consolidation and without
any action on the part of any Person:   (a) Outstanding Company Common
Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock, excluding (i) Treasury Stock and
(ii) Dissenters\' Shares, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall become and be converted into the right to receive the
Consolidation Consideration.   (b) Outstanding Interim Sub Common Stock.
Each share of Interim Sub common stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become one share of
Company Common Stock.   (c) Treasury Stock. Each share of Company Stock held
as Treasury Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled
and retired at the Effective Time and no consideration shall be issued in
exchange therefor.     9  14     3.02. Rights as Shareholders; Stock
Transfers. At the Effective Time, holders of Company Stock shall cease to be,
and shall have no rights as, shareholders of the Company other than the right
to receive the consideration provided under this Article III. After the
Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of
the Company or the Consolidated Corporation of shares of Company Stock.  
3.03 Dissenting Shares Each outstanding share of Company Common Stock the
holder of which has perfected his right to dissent under Section 215 of the
National Bank Act and has not effectively withdrawn or lost such right as of
the Effective Time (the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into or
represent a right to receive the Consolidation Consideration specified
in Section 3.01(a) hereof, and the holder thereof shall be entitled only to
such rights as are granted by Section 215 of the National Bank Act. If any
holder of Dissenting Shares shall fail to perfect or shall have effectively
withdrawn or lost the right to dissent, the Dissenting Shares held by such
holder shall thereupon be treated as though such Dissenting Shares had been
converted into the right to receive the aggregate Consolidation Consideration
to which such holder would be entitled pursuant to Section 3.01(a) hereof.
The Company shall give Parent prompt notice upon receipt by the Company of
any such written demands for payment of the fair value of shares of Company
Common Stock and of withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments
provided pursuant to Section 215 of the National Bank Act. Any payments made
in respect of Dissenting Shares shall be made by the Consolidated
Corporation.   3.04. Exchange Procedures.   (a) No later than five
Business Days following the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange
Agent to mail or make available to each holder of record of a Certificate a
notice and letter of transmittal disclosing the effectiveness of the
Consolidation and the procedure for exchanging Certificates for the
Consolidation Consideration. Such letter of transmittal shall specify that
delivery shall be effected and risk of loss and title shall pass only upon
proper delivery of Certificates to the Exchange Agent.   (b) At or prior to
the Effective Time, or at such other time or times as the Exchange Agent may
otherwise request, Parent shall deliver, or cause Parent Bank to deliver, to
the Exchange Agent for the benefit of the holders of Certificates (other than
the holders of Dissenting Shares and Treasury Stock) an amount of cash equal
to the aggregate Consolidation Consideration for payment of the aggregate
Consolidation Consideration to such holders of Certificates.   (c) Each
holder of any outstanding Certificate (other than holders of Dissenting
Shares and Treasury Stock) who surrenders such Certificate to the Exchange
Agent will, upon acceptance thereof by the Exchange Agent, be entitled to the
Consolidation Consideration. The Exchange Agent shall accept Certificates
upon compliance with such reasonable terms and conditions as the Exchange
Agent may impose to effect an orderly exchange in accordance with normal
exchange practices. Each outstanding Certificate which is not surrendered to
the Exchange Agent shall, except as provided in Section 3.03, evidence
ownership of only the right to receive the Consolidation Consideration
without interest.      10  15      (d) The Exchange Agent shall not
be obligated to deliver the Consolidation Consideration until the holder
surrenders a Certificate as provided in this Section 3.04, or, in default
thereof, an appropriate affidavit of loss and indemnity agreement and/or a
bond as may be required in each case by the Exchange Agent or Parent. If any
check is to be issued in a name other than that in which the Certificate is
registered, it shall be a condition of the issuance thereof that the
Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or accompanied by an
executed form of assignment separate from the Certificate and otherwise in
proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such exchange pay to
the Exchange Agent any transfer or other tax required by reason of the
issuance of a check in any name other than that of the registered holder of
the Certificate surrendered or otherwise establish to the satisfaction of the
Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not payable.   (e) Any
portion of the cash delivered to the Exchange Agent by Parent or Parent Bank
pursuant to Section 3.04(b) that remains unclaimed by the former shareholders
of the Company for six months after the Effective Time shall be delivered by
the Exchange Agent to Parent or Parent Bank, as applicable. Any shareholders
of the Company who have not theretofore complied with Section 3.04(c) shall
thereafter look only to Parent for the Consolidation Consideration. If
outstanding Certificates are not surrendered or the payment for them is not
claimed prior to the date on which such payment would otherwise escheat to or
become the property of any Governmental Authority, the unclaimed items shall,
to the extent permitted by abandoned property and any other applicable law,
become the property of Parent or Parent Bank, as applicable (and to the
extent not in its possession shall be delivered to it), free and clear of all
Liens of any Person previously entitled to such property. Neither the
Exchange Agent nor any of the parties hereto shall be liable to any holder of
Company Common Stock represented by any Certificate for any consideration
paid to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat
or similar laws. Parent, Parent Bank and the Exchange Agent shall be entitled
to rely upon the stock transfer books of the Company to establish the
identity of those persons entitled to receive the Consolidation
Consideration, which books shall be conclusive with respect thereto.   (f)
The Exchange Agent, Parent or Parent Bank shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the Consolidation Consideration otherwise payable pursuant to
this Agreement to any holder of Certificates such amounts as it is required
to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the
Code, or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld by the Exchange Agent, Parent or Parent Bank, such
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the Certificates in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made.   3.05 Company Options. At the Effective
Time, each Company Option which is outstanding and unexercised immediately
prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then vested and exercisable,
shall be terminated and each grantee thereof shall be entitled to receive, in
lieu of each share of Company Common Stock that would otherwise have been
issuable upon the exercise thereof, an amount of cash computed by multiplying
(i) the difference between (x) the Consolidation Consideration and (y) the
per share exercise price applicable to such Company Option by (ii) the number
of such shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option. The
Company agrees to take or to cause to be taken all action necessary to
provide for such termination and payment effective at or before the Effective
Time.     11  16    ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS PENDING ACQUISITION  
4.01. Forbearances of the Company. From the date hereof until the Effective
Time, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as
Previously Disclosed, without the prior written consent of Parent, the
Company will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:   (a)
Ordinary Course. Conduct its business other than in the ordinary and usual
course consistent with past practice or fail to use reasonable best efforts
to preserve its business organization, keep available the present services of
its employees and preserve for itself and Parent the goodwill of the
customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries and others with whom business
relations exist.   (b) Capital Stock. Other than pursuant to the Stock
Option Agreement, (i) issue, sell or otherwise permit to become outstanding,
or authorize the creation of, any additional shares of stock or any Rights
or (ii) permit any additional shares of stock to become subject to grants
of employee or director stock options or other Rights or similar stock-
based employee rights.   (c) Dividends; Etc. (a) Make, declare, pay or set
aside for payment any dividend on or in respect of, or declare or make any
distribution on any shares of Company Stock, other than (A) regular quarterly
cash dividends not in excess of $ 0.07 per share on the Company Common Stock
and (B) dividends from wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the Company or another
wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or (b) directly or indirectly adjust,
split, combine, redeem, reclassify, purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares
of its capital stock; provided, however, that any dividend under the
Company\'s normal quarterly dividend payment schedule that has been declared
by the Company Board but not paid prior to the Effective Time shall be paid
immediately prior to the Effective Time or added to the Consolidation
Consideration.   (d) Compensation; Employment Agreements; Etc. Enter into or
amend or renew any employment, consulting, severance or similar agreements
or arrangements with any director, officer or employee of the Company or
its Subsidiaries or grant any salary or wage increase or increase any
employee benefit (including incentive or bonus payments), except (i) for
normal individual increases in compensation to employees and payment of
bonuses in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
provided that such increases shall not result in an annual adjustment of more
than 5% in the aggregate, (ii) for other changes that are required by
applicable law, (iii) to satisfy contractual obligations existing as of the
date hereof and set forth in Schedule 4.01(d) of the Company\'s Disclosure
Schedule or (iv) for grants of awards to newly-hired employees consistent
with past practice. In addition, the Company may pay retention bonuses to
such employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and in such amounts as may
be mutually agreeable to the Company and Parent.   (e) Hiring. Hire any
person as an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or promote
any employee, except (i) to satisfy contractual obligations existing as
of     12  17   the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 4.01(e) of
the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule and (ii) persons hired to fill any
vacancies arising after the date hereof and whose employment is terminable at
the will of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, other
than any person to be hired who would have a base salary, including any
guaranteed bonus or any similar bonus, considered on an annual basis of more
than $50,000.   (f) Benefit Plans. Enter into, establish, adopt or amend
(except (i) as may be required by applicable law or (ii) to satisfy
contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof and set forth on
Schedule 4.01(f) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule) any pension,
retirement, stock option, stock purchase, savings, profit sharing, deferred
compensation, consulting, bonus, group insurance or other employee benefit,
incentive or welfare contract, plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement
(or similar arrangement) related thereto, in respect of any director, officer
or employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries or take any action to
accelerate the vesting or exercisability of stock options, restricted stock
or other compensation or benefits payable thereunder.   (g) Dispositions.
Sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of or discontinue any
of its assets, deposits, business or properties except in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice and in a transaction that, together
with all other such transactions, is not material to the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (h) Acquisitions. Acquire (other than by
way of foreclosures or acquisitions of control in a bona fide fiduciary
capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith, in
each case in the ordinary and usual course of business consistent with past
practice) all or any portion of the assets, business, deposits or properties
of any other entity.   (i) Capital Expenditures. Make any capital
expenditures other than capital expenditures in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice in amounts not exceeding $100,000
individually or $250,000 in the aggregate.   (j) Governing Documents. Amend
the Company Articles or Company Bylaws (except as may be required in
connection with the Transactions) or the articles of incorporation or bylaws
(or equivalent documents) of any Subsidiary of the Company.   (k)
Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any change in its accounting
principles, practices or methods, other than as may be required by changes in
laws or regulations or GAAP.   (l) Contracts. Except in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice, enter into or terminate any
material contract (as defined in Section 5.03(k) or amend or modify in any
material respect any of its existing material contracts.   (m) Claims.
Enter into any settlement or similar agreement with respect to any action,
suit, proceeding, order or investigation to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is or becomes a party after the date of this Agreement, which
settlement, agreement or action involves payment by the Company and its
Subsidiaries of an amount which exceeds $50,000 and/or would impose any
material restriction on the business of the Company or create precedent
for      13  18   claims that are reasonably likely to be material to
the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (n) Banking
Operations. Enter into any new material line of business or change its
material lending, investment, underwriting, risk and asset liability
management and other material banking and operating policies, except as
required by applicable law, regulation or policies imposed by
any Governmental Authority.   (o) Derivative Contracts. Enter into any
Derivatives Contract, except in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice.   (p) Indebtedness. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed
money (other than deposits, federal funds purchased, cash management
accounts, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston and securities
sold under agreements to repurchase in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice) or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as
an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other Person,
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice.   (q) Adverse Actions. Take any action that is intended or
is reasonably likely to result in (i) any of its representations and
warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any
material respect at any time at or prior to the Effective Time, (ii) any of
the conditions to the Consolidation set forth in Article VII not being
satisfied or (iii) a material violation of any provision of this Agreement or
the Stock Option Agreement except, in each case, as may be required by
applicable law or regulation.   (r) Commitments. Enter into any contract
with respect to, or otherwise agree or commit to do, any of the
foregoing.   4.02. Forbearances of Parent. From the date hereof until
the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by
this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Company, Parent will
not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:   (a) Acquisitions.
Make any acquisition (including acquisitions of branch offices and related
deposit liabilities), other than the proposed acquisition of Andover Bancorp,
Inc. on terms not materially different than those publicly announced on the
date hereof, that individually or in the aggregate could result in the
Consolidation not being consummated or otherwise materially adversely affect
the ability of Parent to consummate the Transactions and the other
transactions contemplated hereby in a reasonably timely manner.   (b)
Adverse Actions. Take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely to
result in (i) any of its representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect at any time at or
prior to the Effective Time, (ii) any of the conditions to the Consolidation
set forth in Article VII not being satisfied or (iii) a material violation of
any provision of this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement except, in each
case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.   (c)
Commitments. Enter into any contract with respect to, or otherwise agree or
commit to do, any of the foregoing.     14  19     ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   5.01. Disclosure Schedules. On or prior to
the date hereof, the Company has delivered to Parent a schedule (the
"Disclosure Schedule") setting forth, among other things, items the
disclosure of which is necessary or appropriate either in response to an
express disclosure requirement contained in a provision hereof or as an
exception to one or more representations or warranties contained in Section
5.03 or to one or more of its covenants contained in Article IV; provided,
however, that (a) no such item is required to be set forth in a Disclosure
Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty if its absence would
not be reasonably likely to result in the related representation or warranty
being deemed untrue or incorrect under the standard established by Section
5.02 and (b) the mere inclusion of an item in a Disclosure Schedule as an
exception to a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by
the Company that such item represents a material exception or fact, event or
circumstance or that such item is reasonably likely to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.   5.02. Standard. No representation or warranty of the
Company or Parent contained in Sections 5.03 or 5.04, respectively, shall be
deemed untrue or incorrect, and no party hereto shall be deemed to have
breached a representation or warranty, as a consequence of the existence of
any fact, event or circumstance unless such fact, circumstance or event,
individually or taken together with all other facts, events or circumstances
inconsistent with any representation or warranty contained in Section 5.03 or
5.04, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the party making such representation or warranty.   5.03. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02 and except
as Previously Disclosed, the Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. The Company is
a Massachusetts- chartered savings bank regulated by the
Massachusetts Commissioner. The Company\'s deposits are insured by the FDIC
through the Bank Insurance Fund and by the Depositors Insurance Fund in the
manner and to the fullest extent provided by applicable law. The Company is
duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each foreign
jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of property or assets or the
conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified.   (b) Company
Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists solely of
20,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 14,330,435 shares were
outstanding (excluding treasury shares) as of the date hereof, and 2,000,000
shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which no shares are outstanding. As of
the date hereof, 180,377 shares of the Company Common Stock were held in
treasury by the Company or otherwise directly or indirectly owned by the
Company. The outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have been duly
authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and none
of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have been issued
in violation of the preemptive rights of any Person. Section 5.03(b) of
the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule sets forth for each Company Stock Option
the name of the grantee, the date of the grant, the type of grant, the status
of the option grant as qualified or non-qualified under Section 422 of the
Code, the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to each option,
the number of shares of Company    15  20    Common Stock subject to
options that are currently exercisable and the exercise price per share.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence and other than pursuant to the
Stock Option Agreement, there are no shares of Company Stock authorized and
reserved for issuance, the Company does not have any Rights issued or
outstanding with respect to Company Stock, and the Company does not have any
commitment to authorize, issue or sell any Company Stock or Rights, except
pursuant to this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement.   (c)
Subsidiaries.   (i) (A) The Company has Previously Disclosed a list of all 
of its Subsidiaries together with the jurisdiction of organization of  each
such Subsidiary, (B) the Company owns, directly or indirectly,  all the
issued and outstanding equity securities of each of its  Subsidiaries (except
for shares of preferred stock in the Company\'s  REIT Subsidiary), (C) no
equity securities of any of its Subsidiaries  are or may become required to
be issued (other than to the Company) by  reason of any Right or otherwise,
(D) there are no contracts,  commitments, understandings or arrangements by
which any of its  Subsidiaries is or may be bound to sell or otherwise
transfer any of  its equity securities (other than to the Company or any of
its  wholly-owned Subsidiaries), (E) there are no contracts, commitments, 
understandings, or arrangements relating to the Company\'s rights to  vote or
to dispose of such securities and (F) all the equity  securities of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries held by the Company or its  Subsidiaries are fully
paid and nonassessable and are owned by the  Company or its Subsidiaries free
and clear of any Liens.   (ii) Except for securities and other interests
held in a  fiduciary capacity and beneficially owned by third parties or
taken in  consideration of debts previously contracted, the Company does not
own  beneficially, directly or indirectly, any equity securities or similar 
interests of any Person or any interest in a partnership or joint  venture of
any kind other than its Subsidiaries and stock in the  Federal Home Loan Bank
of Boston, the Savings Bank Life Insurance  Company of Massachusetts and the
Federal National Mortgage  Association.   (iii) Each of the Company\'s
Subsidiaries has been duly  organized and is validly existing in good
standing under the laws of  the jurisdiction of its organization and is duly
qualified to do  business and in good standing in the jurisdictions where its
ownership  or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it
to  be so qualified.   (d) Corporate Power. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has the corporate power and authority to carry on its business
as it is now being conducted and to own all its properties and assets; and
the Company has the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, subject
to receipt of all necessary approvals of Governmental Authorities and the
approval of the Company\'s shareholders of this Agreement.   (e) Corporate
Authority. Subject to the approval of this Agreement by the holders of not
less than two-thirds of the outstanding Company Common Stock, this Agreement
and the Stock Option Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby have been     16  21   authorized by all necessary corporate
action of the Company and the Company Board on or prior to the date hereof.
The Company has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and the Stock
Option Agreement and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
Parent, each of this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement is a valid and
legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its
terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general equity principles).   (f) Regulatory Approvals; No Defaults.   (i)
No consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings  or registrations
with, any Governmental Authority or with any third  party are required to be
made or obtained by the Company in connection  with the execution, delivery
or performance by the Company of this  Agreement, the Bank Merger Agreement
and the Stock Option Agreement or  to consummate the Transactions and the
other transactions contemplated  hereby and thereby, except for (A) filings
of applications or notices  with, and approvals or waivers by, the Federal
Reserve Board, the  FDIC, the OCC, the Maine Superintendent, the
Massachusetts Board and  the MHPF, as required, and (B) the approval of this
Agreement by the  holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the
Company Common  Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company is not aware of any
reason  why the approvals set forth above and referred to in Section
7.01(b)  will not be received without the imposition of a condition, 
restriction or requirement of the type described in Section 7.01(b).   (ii)
Subject to receipt of the approvals referred to in the  preceding paragraph,
and the expiration of related waiting periods,  the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement, the Bank  Merger Agreement and the Stock
Option Agreement by the Company and the  consummation of the Transactions and
the other transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not
(A) constitute a  breach or violation of, or a default under, or give rise to
any Lien,  any acceleration of remedies or any right of termination under,
any  law, rule or regulation or any judgment, decree, order, governmental 
permit or license, or agreement, indenture or instrument of the  Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective properties is subject or  bound, (B) constitute a
breach or violation of, or a default under,  the articles of association or
bylaws (or similar governing documents)  of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or (C) require any consent  or approval under any such law,
rule, regulation, judgment, decree,  order, governmental permit or license,
agreement, indenture or  instrument.   (g) Financial Reports; Undisclosed
Liabilities.   (i) The Company\'s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the
fiscal  years ended December 31, 2000, December 31, 1999 and December 31,
1998  and all other reports, registration statements, definitive proxy 
statements or information statements filed or to be filed by it  subsequent
to December 31, 1998 with the FDIC (collectively, the  Company\'s "FDIC
Documents"), as of the date filed or to be filed and  as amended
prior     17  22    to the date hereof, (A) complied or will comply in
all material  respects as to form with the applicable securities regulations
of the  FDIC as the case may be and (B) did not and will not contain any 
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact 
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,  not
misleading; and each of the balance sheets contained in any such  FDIC
Document (including the related notes and schedules thereto)  fairly
presents, or will fairly present, the consolidated financial  position of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of its date, and each  of the consolidated
statements of income and changes in shareholders\'  equity and cash flows or
equivalent statements in such FDIC Documents  (including any related notes
and schedules thereto) fairly presents,  or will fairly present, the results
of operations, changes in  shareholders\' equity and changes in cash flows,
as the case may be, of  the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods to
which they relate,  in each case in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
during the  periods involved, except in each case as may be noted
therein.   (ii) Since March 31, 2001, neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries has incurred any liability other than in the ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practice (excluding the  incurrence of expenses
and actions taken related to this Agreement and  the transactions
contemplated hereby).   (iii) Since March 31, 2001, (A) the Company and
its  Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in the 
ordinary and usual course consistent with past practice (excluding the 
incurrence of expenses and actions taken related to this Agreement and  the
transactions contemplated hereby) and (B) no event has occurred or 
circumstance arisen that, individually or taken together with all  other
facts, circumstances and events (described in any paragraph of  this Section
5.03 or otherwise), is reasonably likely to have a  Material Adverse Effect
with respect to the Company.   (iv) No agreement pursuant to which any loans
or other assets  have been or shall be sold by the Company or its
Subsidiaries entitled  the buyer of such loans or other assets, unless there
is material  breach of a representation or covenant by the Company or its 
Subsidiaries, to cause the Company or its Subsidiaries to repurchase  such
loan or other asset or the buyer to pursue any other form of  recourse
against the Company or its Subsidiaries. Except for regular  quarterly cash
dividends at the rate of $0.10 per share on the Company  Common Stock, since
December 31, 1999, no cash, stock or other  dividend or any other
distribution with respect to the stock of the  Company or any of its
Subsidiaries have been declared, set aside or  paid. No shares of the stock
of the Company have been purchased,  redeemed or otherwise acquired, directly
or indirectly, by the Company  since March 31, 2001, and no agreements have
been made to do the  foregoing.   (h) Litigation. No litigation, claim or
other proceeding before any court or governmental agency is pending against
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Company\'s knowledge, no
such litigation, claim or other proceeding has been threatened and there are
no facts which could reasonably give rise to such litigation, claim or other
proceeding.     18  23    (i) Regulatory Matters.   (i) Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any  of any of their respective
properties is a party to or is subject to  any order, decree, agreement,
memorandum of understanding or similar  arrangement with, or a commitment
letter or similar submission to, or  extraordinary supervisory letter from,
any federal or state  governmental agency or authority charged with the
supervision or  regulation of financial institutions or issuers of securities
or  engaged in the insurance of deposits or the supervision or regulation 
of it (collectively, the "Regulatory Authorities"). The Company and  its
Subsidiaries have paid all assessments made or imposed by any  Regulatory
Authority.   (ii) Neither the Company nor any its Subsidiaries has been 
advised by, and does not have any knowledge of facts which could give  rise
to an advisory notice by, any Regulatory Authority that such  Regulatory
Authority is contemplating issuing or requesting (or is  considering the
appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any such  order, decree, agreement,
memorandum of understanding, commitment  letter, supervisory letter or
similar submission.   (j) Compliance With Laws. Each of the Company and
its  Subsidiaries:   (i) is in compliance in all material respects with
all  applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, 
regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders or decrees  applicable
thereto or to the employees conducting such businesses,  including, without
limitation, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the  Fair Housing Act, the
Community Reinvestment Act, the Home Mortgage  Disclosure Act and all other
applicable fair lending laws and other  laws relating to discriminatory
business practices;   (ii) has all permits, licenses, authorizations, orders
and  approvals of, and has made all filings, applications and registrations 
with, all Governmental Authorities that are required in order to  permit them
to own or lease their properties and to conduct their  businesses as
presently conducted; all such permits, licenses,  certificates of authority,
orders and approvals are in full force and  effect and, to the Company\'s
knowledge, no suspension or cancellation  of any of them is threatened;
and   (iii) has received, since December 31, 1999, no notification  or
communication from any Governmental Authority (A) asserting that  the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any  of the statutes,
regulations or ordinances which such Governmental  Authority enforces or (B)
threatening to revoke any license,  franchise, permit or governmental
authorization (nor, to the Company\'s  knowledge, do any grounds for any of
the foregoing exist).   (k) Material Contracts; Defaults. Except for
documents listed as exhibits to the FDIC Documents, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by or subject to      19 
24    any agreement, contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding
(whether written or oral) (i) that is a "material contract" within the
meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of the SEC\'s Regulation S-K or (ii) that
materially restricts the conduct of business by the Company or by any of its
Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material
default under any contract, agreement, commitment, arrangement, lease,
insurance policy or other instrument to which it is a party, by which its
respective assets, business, or operations may be bound or affected, or under
which it or its respective assets, business, or operations receives benefits,
and there has not occurred any event that, with the lapse of time or the
giving of notice or both, would constitute such a default. No power of
attorney or similar authorization given directly or indirectly by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is currently outstanding.   (l) No Brokers. No
action has been taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would
give rise to any valid claim against any party hereto for a brokerage
commission, finder\'s fee or other like payment with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement,
excluding a Previously Disclosed fee to be paid to Danielson Associates,
Inc.   (m) Employee Benefit Plans.   (i) All benefit and compensation
plans, contracts, policies  or arrangements covering current or former
employees of the Company  and its Subsidiaries (the "Employees") and current
or former directors  of the Company including, but not limited to, "employee
benefit plans"  within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, and deferred 
compensation, stock option, stock purchase, stock appreciation rights,  stock
based, incentive and bonus plans (the "Benefits Plans"), are  Previously
Disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule. True and complete  copies of all
Benefit Plans including, but not limited to, any trust  instruments and
insurance contracts forming a part of any Benefit  Plans and all amendments
thereto have been provided or made available  to Parent.   (ii) All
Benefits Plans other than "multiemployer plans"  within the meaning of
Section 3(37) of ERISA, covering Employees, to  the extent subject to ERISA,
are in substantial compliance with ERISA.  Each Benefit Plan which is an
"employee pension benefit plan" within  the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA
("Pension Plan") and which is  intended to be qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code, has  received a favorable determination letter from the Internal
Revenue  Service, and the Company is not aware of any circumstances likely
to  result in revocation of any such favorable determination letter or the 
loss of the qualification of such Pension Plan under Section 401(a) of  the
Code. There is no material pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, 
threatened litigation relating to the Benefits Plans. Neither the  Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction with  respect to any
Benefit Plan or Pension Plan that, assuming the taxable  period of such
transaction expired as of the date hereof, could  subject the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to a tax or penalty  imposed by either Section 4975 of
the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA  in an amount which would be
material.   (iii) No liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA 
has been or is expected to be incurred by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing, frozen or terminated  "single-
employer plan," within the meaning of Section      20  25   
4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently or formerly maintained by any of them,  or
the single-employer plan of any entity which is considered one  employer with
the Company under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414  of the Code (an
"ERISA Affiliate"). Neither the Company nor any of  its Subsidiaries has
incurred, and neither expects to incur, any  withdrawal liability with
respect to a multiemployer plan under  Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA
(regardless of whether based on  contributions of an ERISA Affiliate). No
notice of a "reportable  event," within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA
for which the  30-day reporting requirement has not been waived, has been
required to  be filed for any Pension Plan or by any ERISA Affiliate within
the  12-month period ending on the date hereof or will be required to be 
filed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.   (iv) All contributions required to be made under the terms of 
any Benefit Plan have been timely made or have been reflected on the 
financial statements of the Company included in the FDIC Documents.  Neither
any Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of an ERISA  Affiliate has an
"accumulated funding deficiency" (whether or not  waived) within the meaning
of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302  of ERISA and no ERISA Affiliate
has an outstanding funding waiver.  Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has provided, or is  required to provide, security to any
Pension Plan or to any  single-employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate pursuant
to Section  401(a)(29) of the Code.   (v) Under each Pension Plan which is
a single-employer plan,  as of the last day of the most recent plan year
ended prior to the  date hereof, the actuarially determined present value of
all "benefit  liabilities," within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(16) of
ERISA (as  determined on the basis of the actuarial assumptions contained in
the  Pension Plan\'s most recent actuarial valuation), did not exceed the 
then current value of the assets of such Pension Plan, and there has  been no
material change in the financial condition of such Plan since  the last day
of the most recent plan year.   (vi) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any  obligations for retiree health and life benefits under
any Benefit  Plan other than as may be required under Section 4980B of the
Code or  Part 6 of Title I of ERISA, or under the continuation of coverage 
provisions of the laws of any state or locality. The Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries may amend or terminate any such Benefit Plan at any  time
without incurring any liability thereunder.   (vii) None of the execution of
this Agreement, shareholder  approval of this Agreement or consummation of
the Transactions will  (A) entitle any employees of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to  severance pay or any increase in severance pay upon any
termination of  employment after the date hereof, (B) accelerate the time of
payment  or vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through a grantor
trust  or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, increase the amount 
payable or trigger any other material obligation pursuant to, any of  the
Benefit Plans, (C) result in any breach or violation of, or a  default under,
any of the Benefit Plans or (D) result in any payment  that would be a
"parachute payment" to a "disqualified individual" as  those terms are
defined       21  26    in Section 280G of the Code, without regard
to whether such payment is  reasonable compensation for personal services
performed or to be  performed in the future.   (n) Labor Matters. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any
collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding
with a labor union or labor organization, nor is the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries the subject of a proceeding asserting that it has committed an
unfair labor practice (within the meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act) or seeking to compel the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to bargain
with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of employment, nor is
there any strike or other labor dispute involving it or any of its
Subsidiaries pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened, nor is the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries aware of any activity involving its
employees seeking to certify a collective bargaining unit or engaging in
other organizational activity.   (o) Environmental Matters.   (i) The
Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with  applicable Environmental
Laws; (ii) to the Company\'s knowledge, no  real property (including
buildings or other structures) currently or  formerly owned or operated by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,  or any property in which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries has  held a security interest, Lien or a fiduciary
or management role  ("Company Loan Property"), has been contaminated with, or
has had any  release of, any Hazardous Substance; (iii) neither the Company
nor any  of its Subsidiaries could be deemed the owner or operator of any 
Company Loan Property which such Company Loan Property has been  contaminated
with, or has had any release of, any Hazardous Substance  except in
compliance with Environmental Laws; (iv) neither the Company  nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any liability for any Hazardous  Substance disposal or
contamination on any third party property; (v)  neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has received any  notice, demand letter, claim or request
for information alleging any  violation of, or liability under, any
Environmental Law; (vi) neither  the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
subject to any order,  decree, injunction or other agreement with any
Governmental Authority  or any third party relating to any Environmental Law;
(vii) to the  Company\'s knowledge, there are no circumstances or
conditions  (including the presence of asbestos, underground storage tanks,
lead  products, polychlorinated biphenyls, prior manufacturing operations, 
dry-cleaning, or automotive services) involving the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries, any currently or formerly owned or operated  property, or any
Company Loan Property, that could reasonably be  expected to result in any
claims, liability or investigations against  the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, result in any restrictions on  the ownership, use, or transfer
of any property pursuant to any  Environmental Law, or adversely affect the
value of any Company Loan  Property; and (viii) the Company has delivered to
Parent copies of all  environmental reports, studies, sampling data,
correspondence, filings  and other environmental information in its
possession or reasonably  available to it relating to the Company, its
Subsidiaries and any  currently or formerly owned or operated property or any
Company Loan  Property.     22  27    As used herein, the term
"Environmental Laws" means any  federal, state or local law, regulation,
order, decree, permit,  authorization, opinion or agency requirement relating
to: (A) the  protection or restoration of the environment, health, safety,
or  natural resources, (B) the handling, use, presence, disposal, release 
or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance or (C) wetlands,  indoor
air, pollution, contamination or any injury or threat of injury  to persons
or property in connection with any Hazardous Substance and  the term
"Hazardous Substance" means any substance that is: (A)  listed, classified or
regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law, (B)  any petroleum product or
by-product, asbestos-containing material,  lead-containing paint or plumbing,
polychlorinated biphenyls,  radioactive materials or radon or (C) any other
substance which is the  subject of regulatory action by any Governmental
Authority in  connection with any Environmental Law.   (p) Tax Matters.  
(i) (A) All Tax Returns that are required to be filed on or  before the
Effective Date (taking into account any extensions of time  within which to
file which have not expired) by or with respect to the  Company Group, have
been or will be timely filed on or before the  Effective Date, (B) all such
Tax Returns are or will be true and  complete in all material respects, (C)
all Taxes shown to be due on  the Tax Returns referred to in clause (A) have
been or will be timely  paid in full, (D) the Tax Returns referred to in
clause (A) have been  examined by the Internal Revenue Service or the
appropriate tax  authority or the period for assessment of the Taxes in
respect of  which such Tax Returns were required to be filed has expired, (E)
all  material deficiencies asserted or assessments made as a result of 
examinations conducted by any taxing authority have been paid in full,  (F)
no material issues that have been raised by the relevant taxing  authority in
connection with the examination of any of the Tax Returns  referred to in
clause (A) are currently pending and (G) no member of  the Company Group has
waived any statutes of limitation with respect  to any material Taxes.  
(ii) The Company has made available to Parent true and  correct copies of the
United States federal income Tax Returns filed  by the Company and its
Subsidiaries for each of the three most recent  fiscal years ended on or
before December 31, 2000.   (iii) The unpaid income, franchise and similar
Taxes of the  Company and its Subsidiaries did not, as of the end of the most
recent  period covered by the FDIC Documents filed prior to the date
hereof,  exceed by any material amount the reserve for income, franchise
and  similar Tax liability (rather than any reserve for deferred taxes 
established to reflect timing differences between book and tax income)  set
forth on the face of the financial statements included in the FDIC  Documents
filed on or prior to the date hereof (rather than in any  notes thereto).  
(iv) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a  party to any Tax
allocation or sharing agreement, is or has been a  member of an affiliated
group filing consolidated or combined Tax  Returns (other than a group the
common parent of which is or was the  Company) or otherwise has any liability
for the Taxes of any Person  (other than the Company and its
Subsidiaries).      23  28    (v) No closing agreements, private
letter rulings, technical  advice memoranda or similar agreement or rulings
have been entered  into or issued by any taxing authority with respect to the
Company and  its Subsidiaries.   (vi) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries  maintains any compensation plans, programs or arrangements
the  payments under which would not reasonably be expected to be deductible 
as a result of the limitations under Section 162(m) of the Code and  the
regulations issued thereunder.   (vii) All material Taxes that the Company
or any of its  Subsidiaries is or was required by law to withhold or collect
have  been duly withheld or collected and, to the extent required by 
applicable law, have been paid to the proper Governmental Authority or  other
Person.   (q) Risk Management Instruments. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or has agreed to enter into an exchange traded
or over-the-counter equity, interest rate, foreign exchange or other
swap, forward, future, option, cap, floor or collar or any other contract
that is not included on the balance sheet and is a derivatives contract
(including various combinations thereof) (each, a "Derivatives Contract") or
owns securities that (i) are referred to generically as "structured notes,"
"high risk mortgage derivatives," "capped floating rate notes" or "capped
floating rate mortgage derivatives" or (ii) are likely to have changes in
value as a result of interest or exchange rate changes that significantly
exceed normal changes in value attributable to interest or exchange rate
changes, except for those Derivatives Contracts and other instruments legally
purchased or entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with
safe and sound banking practices and regulatory guidance. All of such
Derivatives Contracts or other instruments, are legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries enforceable in
accordance with their terms (except as enforcement may be limited by general
principles of equity whether applied in a court of law or a court of equity
and by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\' rights
and remedies generally), and are in full force and effect. The Company and
its Subsidiaries have duly performed in all material respects all of their
material obligations thereunder to the extent that such obligations to
perform have accrued; and, to the Company\'s knowledge, there are no
breaches, violations or defaults or allegations or assertions of such by any
party thereunder which would have or would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (r) Loans; Nonperforming and
Classified Assets.   (i) Each loan agreement, note or borrowing
arrangement,  including without limitation portions of outstanding lines of
credit  and loan commitments (collectively, "Loans"), on the books and
records  of the Company and its Subsidiaries, was made and has been serviced
in  all material respects in accordance with customary lending standards  in
the ordinary course of business, is evidenced in all material  respects by
appropriate documentation and, to the knowledge of the  Company, constitutes
the legal, valid and binding obligation of the  obligor named therein,
subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent
transfer and similar laws of  general applicability relating to or affecting
creditor\'s rights or by  general equity principles.     24  29   (ii)
The Company has Previously Disclosed as to the Company  and each Company
Subsidiary as of the latest practicable date: (i) any  written or, to the
Company\'s knowledge, oral Loan under the terms of  which the obligor is 60
or more days delinquent in payment of  principal or interest, or to the
Company\'s knowledge, in default of  any other material provision thereof;
(ii) each Loan which has been  classified as "substandard," "doubtful,"
"loss" or "special mention"  (or words of similar import) by the Company or
an applicable  regulatory authority (it being understood that no
representation is  being made that the FDIC or the Massachusetts Commissioner
would agree  with the loan classifications established by the Company); (iii)
a  listing of the real estate owned acquired by foreclosure or by  deed-in-
lieu thereof, including the book value thereof; and (iv) each  Loan with any
director, executive officer or five percent or greater  shareholder of the
Company or a Company Subsidiary, or to the best  knowledge of the Company,
any Person controlling, controlled by or  under common control with any of
the foregoing.   (s) Properties. All real and personal property owned by the
Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or presently used by any of them in
its respective business is in an adequate condition (ordinary wear and
tear excepted) and is sufficient to carry on its business in the ordinary
course of business consistent with its past practices. The Company has good
and marketable title free and clear of all Liens to all of the material
properties and assets, real and personal, reflected on the consolidated
statement of financial condition of the Company as of March 31, 2001 included
in the FDIC Documents or acquired after such date, other than properties sold
by the Company in the ordinary course of business, except (i) Liens for
current taxes and assessments not yet due or payable (ii) pledges to secure
deposits and other Liens incurred in the ordinary course of its banking
business, (iii) such imperfections of title, easements and encumbrances, if
any, as are not material in character, amount or extent and (iv) as reflected
on the consolidated statement of financial condition of the Company as of
March 31, 2001 included in the FDIC Documents. All real and personal property
which is material to the Company\'s business on a consolidated basis and
leased or licensed by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company is held
pursuant to leases or licenses which are valid and enforceable in accordance
with their respective terms and such leases will not terminate or lapse prior
to the Effective Time.   (t) Intellectual Property. The Company and each
Subsidiary of the Company owns or possesses valid and binding licenses and
other rights to use without payment of any material amount all material
patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, service marks and trademarks
used in its businesses, all of which have been Previously Disclosed by the
Company, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice of conflict with respect thereto that asserts the right of others. The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries have performed in all material respects
all the obligations required to be performed by them and are not in default
under any contract, agreement, arrangement or commitment relating to any of
the foregoing.   (u) Fiduciary Accounts. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has properly administered all accounts for which it acts as a
fiduciary, including but not limited to accounts for which it serves as a
trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator or
investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of the governing documents
and applicable laws and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of
its       25  30  Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective
directors, officers or employees, has committed any breach of trust with
respect to any fiduciary account and the records for each such fiduciary
account are true and correct and accurately reflect the assets of such
fiduciary account.   (v) Books and Records. The books and records of the
Company are being maintained in material compliance with applicable legal and
accounting requirements, and such books and records accurately reflect in all
material respects all dealings and transactions in respect of the business,
assets, liabilities and affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries.   (w)
Insurance. The Company has Previously Disclosed all of the material insurance
policies, binders, or bonds currently maintained by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries ("Insurance Policies"). The Company and its Subsidiaries are
insured with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as the
management of the Company reasonably has determined to be prudent in
accordance with industry practices. All the Insurance Policies are in full
force and effect; the Company and its Subsidiaries are not in
material default thereunder; and all claims thereunder have been filed in due
and timely fashion.   (x) Allowance For Loan Losses. The Company\'s
allowance for loan losses is, and shall be as of the Effective Date, in
compliance with the Company\'s existing methodology for determining the
adequacy of its allowance for loan losses as well as the standards
established by applicable Governmental Authorities and the Financial
Accounting Standards Board and is and shall be adequate under all such
standards.   (y) Transactions With Affiliates. All "covered
transactions" between the Company and an "affiliate" within the meaning of
Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act have been in compliance with
such provisions.   (z) Required Vote; Antitakeover Provisions.   (i) The
affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the  issued and outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock is necessary to  approve this Agreement and
the Transactions on behalf of the Company.   (ii) Based on the
representation and warranty of Parent in  Section 5.04(i), no "control share
acquisition," "business combination  moratorium," "fair price" or other form
of antitakeover statute or  regulation is applicable to this Agreement or the
Stock Option  Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby.  Without limiting the foregoing, the Board of Directors of the
Company  has approved the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the  Stock Option Agreement and taken all other requisite action such that 
the provisions of Ch. 110F of the Massachusetts General Laws and the 
provisions of the Company Articles relating to special voting  requirements
for certain business combinations will not apply to this  Agreement or the
Stock Option Agreement or any of the transactions  contemplated hereby or
thereby.   (aa) Proxy Statement Information. None of the information which
is included or incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement (except for
any such information relating to Parent and its Subsidiaries expressly
provided by Parent to the Company for inclusion therein),    26  31  as
of the date of the Proxy Statement and the date of the meeting of
the shareholders of the Company to which such Proxy Statement relates,
will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided that
information as of a later date shall be deemed to modify information as of an
earlier date.   (bb) Fairness Opinion. The Company Board has received the
written  opinion of Danielson Associates, Inc. to the effect that as of the
date  hereof the Consolidation Consideration is fair to the holders of
Company  Common Stock from a financial point of view.   (cc) Disclosure.
The representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.03, when
considered as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
and information contained in this Section 5.03 not misleading.   5.04.
Representations and Warranties of Parent. Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02
and except as Previously Disclosed, Parent hereby represents and warrants to
the Company as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. Parent
is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Maine. Parent is duly qualified to do business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of property or
assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified. Parent
has in effect all federal, state, local, and foreign governmental
authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as it is now conducted.   (b) Subsidiaries. Parent
Bank has been duly organized and is validly existing in good standing under
the laws of the United States, and is duly qualified to do business and in
good standing in the jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property
or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified. Upon its
organization, Interim Sub will be duly organized, and validly existing in
good standing under the laws of the United States. Parent owns all of the
outstanding equity securities of Parent Bank, and following the organization
of Interim Sub, Parent will own all of the outstanding equity securities of
Interim Sub.   (c) Corporate Power. Each of Parent and Parent Bank has
the corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted and to own all its properties and assets; Parent has, and
upon its organization Interim Sub will have, the corporate power and
authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and Parent
has the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its
obligations under the Stock Option Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated thereby, subject to receipt of all necessary
approvals of Governmental Authorities.   (d) Corporate Authority. This
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been authorized by
all necessary corporate action of Parent and the Parent Board and following
its organization this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby will
be authorized by all necessary corporate action of Interim Sub and the Board
of Directors of Interim        27  32   Sub. The Stock Option
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby have been authorized by
all necessary corporate action of Parent and the Parent Board. Neither the
Agreement nor the consummation of any of the Transactions requires the
approval of the shareholders of Parent. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by Parent and, assuming due authorization, execution and
delivery by the Company, this Agreement is a valid and legally binding
agreement of Parent enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general equity principles). Following its organization, this Agreement will
be duly executed and delivered by Interim Sub and, following such execution
and delivery, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the
Company, this Agreement will be a valid and legally binding agreement of
Interim Sub enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by general
equity principles).   (e) Regulatory Approvals; No Defaults   (i) No
consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings  or registrations with,
any Governmental Authority or with any third  party are required to be made
or obtained by Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries in connection with the
execution, delivery or performance  by Parent, Parent Bank or Interim Sub of
this Agreement, the Bank  Merger Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement, as
applicable, or to  consummate the Transactions and any other transactions
contemplated  hereby and thereby, except for filings of applications or
notices with  and approvals or waivers by the Federal Reserve Board, the
FDIC, the  OCC, the Maine Superintendent, the Massachusetts Board and the
MHPF,  as required. As of the date hereof, Parent is not aware of any
reason  why the approvals set forth above and referred to in Section
7.01(b)  will not be received in a timely manner and without the imposition
of  a condition, restriction or requirement of the type described in 
Section 7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to receipt, or the making, of the
consents,  approvals and filings referred to in the preceding paragraph and 
expiration of the related waiting periods, the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement, the Bank Merger Agreement and the Stock 
Option Agreement by Parent, Parent Bank and Interim Sub, as  applicable, and
the consummation of the Transactions and the other  transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby do not and will not (A)  constitute a breach or violation
of, or a default under, or give rise  to any Lien, any acceleration of
remedies or any right of termination  under, any law, rule or regulation or
any judgment, decree, order,  governmental permit or license, or Agreement,
indenture or instrument  of Parent or of any of its Subsidiaries or to which
Parent or any of  its Subsidiaries or properties is subject or bound, (B)
constitute a  breach or violation of, or a default under, the articles of 
incorporation or bylaws (or similar governing documents) of Parent or  any of
its Subsidiaries or (C) require any consent or approval under  any such law,
rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order, governmental  permit or license,
agreement, indenture or instrument.     28  33   (f) Financial Reports
and SEC Documents; Material Adverse Effect.   (i) Parent\'s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year  ended December 31, 2000 and all other reports,
registration  statements, definitive proxy statements or information
statements  filed or to be filed by it subsequent to December 31, 1998 under
the  Securities Act, or under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act in the form filed or to be filed (collectively, Parent\'s  "SEC
Documents") with the SEC, as of the date filed or to be filed,  (A) complied
or will comply in all material respects as to form with  the applicable
requirements under the Securities Act or the Exchange  Act, as the case may
be and (B) did not and will not contain any  untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact  required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements  therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made,  not misleading; and each of the balance sheets
contained in or  incorporated by reference into any such SEC Document
(including the  related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will
fairly  present, the financial position of Parent and its Subsidiaries as
of  its date, and each of the statements of income and changes in 
shareholders\' equity and cash flows or equivalent statements in such  SEC
Documents (including any related notes and schedules thereto)  fairly
presents, or will fairly present, the results of operations,  changes in
shareholders\' equity and changes in cash flows, as the case  may be, of
Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periods to which they  relate, in each
case in accordance with GAAP consistently applied  during the periods
involved, except in each case as may be noted  therein.   (ii) Since March
31, 2001, no event has occurred or  circumstance arisen that, individually or
taken together with all  other facts, circumstances and events (described in
any paragraph of  this Section 5.04 or otherwise), is reasonably likely to
have a  Material Adverse Effect with respect to Parent.   (g) Financial
Ability. On the Effective Date, Parent or Parent Bank will have all funds
necessary to consummate the Consolidation and pay the aggregate Consolidation
Consideration to holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.01(a)
hereof. Each of Parent and Parent Bank is, and immediately following
completion of the Transactions will be, in compliance with all capital
requirements applicable to it.   (h) Proxy Statement Information. None of
the information relating to Parent or its Subsidiaries which is expressly
provided by Parent to the Company for inclusion in the Proxy Statement, as of
the date of the Proxy Statement and the date of the meeting of the
shareholders of the Company to which such Proxy Statement relates, will
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, provided that information as of a
later date shall be deemed to modify information as of an earlier date.  
(i) Ownership of Company Common Stock. Except for the Stock Option Agreement,
none of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or to Parent\'s knowledge, any of
its other affiliates or associates (as such terms are defined under the
Exchange Act), owns beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, or is
a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of, shares of Company Common
Stock    29  34   (other than shares held in a fiduciary capacity that
are beneficially owned by third parties or as a result of debts previously
contracted) which in the aggregate represent 5% or more of the outstanding
Company Common Stock.   (j) Disclosure. The representations and warranties
contained in this Section 5.04, when considered as a whole, do not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements and information contained in this
Section 5.04 not misleading.   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS   6.01.
Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each of the parties to the Agreement agrees to use its reasonable
best efforts in good faith to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to
do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or desirable, or
advisable under applicable laws, so as to permit consummation of the
Consolidation promptly as practicable and the consummation of the Bank Merger
immediately after the Consolidation, and otherwise to enable consummation of
the Transactions, including the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
Article VII hereof, and shall cooperate fully with the other parties hereto
to that end.   6.02. Shareholder Approval. The Company agrees to take, in
accordance with applicable law and the Company Articles and Company Bylaws,
all action necessary to convene as soon as reasonably practicable a meeting
of its shareholders to consider and vote upon the approval of this Agreement
and any other matters required to be approved by the Company\'s shareholders
for consummation of the Transactions (including any adjournment or
postponement, the "Company Meeting"). Except with the prior approval of
Parent, no other matters shall be submitted for the approval of the Company
shareholders. The Company Board shall at all times prior to and during such
meeting recommend such approval and shall take all reasonable lawful action
to solicit such approval by its shareholders; provided that nothing in this
Agreement shall prevent the Company Board from withholding, withdrawing,
amending or modifying its recommendation if the Company Board determines,
after consultation with its outside counsel, that such action is legally
required in order for the directors to comply with their fiduciary duties to
the Company shareholders under applicable law; provided, further, that
Section 6.06 shall govern the withholding, withdrawing, amending or modifying
of such recommendation in the circumstances described therein.   6.03
Regulatory Filings.   (a) The parties shall promptly cooperate with each
other in the preparation of the Proxy Statement to be filed by the Company
with the FDIC, and after the FDIC has cleared the Proxy Statement the Company
shall promptly mail the Proxy Statement to its shareholders.   (b) Each of
Parent and the Company and their respective Subsidiaries shall cooperate and
use their respective reasonable best efforts to prepare all documentation, to
effect all filings       30  35   and to obtain all permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental
Authorities necessary to consummate the Transactions and any other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including the consolidation of
any Company branches with Parent Bank branches or branches of any other
Subsidiary of Parent or the closure of any Company branches, in each case as
Parent in its sole discretion shall deem necessary), the Bank
Merger Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement; and any initial filings
with Governmental Authorities (other than the Proxy Statement) shall be made
by Parent as soon as reasonably practicable after the execution hereof. Each
of Parent and the Company shall have the right to review in advance, and to
the extent practicable each shall consult with the other, in each case
subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, with
respect to all material written information submitted to any third party or
any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement. In exercising the foregoing
right, each of such parties agrees to act reasonably and as promptly as
practicable. Each party hereto agrees that it shall consult with the other
parties hereto with respect to the obtaining of all material permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental
Authorities necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Bank Merger Agreement and the Stock
Option Agreement and each party shall keep the other parties apprised of the
status of material matters relating to completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   (c) Each party agrees, upon request, to furnish the
other parties with all information concerning itself, its Subsidiaries,
directors, officers and shareholders and such other matters as may be
reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with any filing, notice or
application made by or on behalf of such other parties or any of their
respective Subsidiaries to any third party or Governmental Authority.  
6.04 Press Releases. The Company and Parent shall consult with each other
before issuing any press release with respect to the Transactions or this
Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public
statements without the prior consent of the other party, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that a party may, without the prior
consent of the other party (but after such consultation, to the
extent practicable in the circumstances), issue such press release or make
such public statements as may upon the advice of outside counsel be required
by law or the rules or regulations of Nasdaq. The Company and Parent shall
cooperate to develop all public announcement materials and make appropriate
management available at presentations related to the Transactions as
reasonably requested by the other party.   6.05 Access; Information.  
(a) The Company agrees that upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable
laws relating to the exchange of information, it shall afford Parent and its
officers, employees, counsel, accountants and other
authorized representatives such access during normal business hours
throughout the period prior to the Effective Time to the books, records
(including, without limitation, Tax Returns and work papers of independent
auditors), properties and personnel and to such other information as Parent
may reasonably request and, during such period, it shall furnish promptly to
Parent all information concerning its business, properties and personnel as
Parent may reasonably request.      31  36    (b) Parent agrees that
it will not, and will cause its representatives not to, use any information
obtained pursuant to this Section 6.05 (as well as any other information
obtained prior to the date hereof in connection with the entering into of
this Agreement) for any purpose unrelated to the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Subject to the requirements of
law, Parent shall keep confidential, and shall cause its representatives to
keep confidential, all information and documents obtained pursuant to this
Section 6.05 (as well as any other information obtained prior to the date
hereof in connection with the entering into of this Agreement) unless such
information (i) was already known to such party, (ii) becomes available to
such party from other sources not known by such party to be bound by a
confidentiality obligation, (iii) is disclosed with the prior written
approval of the Company or (iv) is or becomes readily ascertainable from
publicly available sources. In the event that this Agreement is terminated or
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall otherwise fail to be
consummated, Parent shall promptly cause all copies of documents or extracts
thereof containing information and data as to the Company to be returned to
the Company or destroyed. No investigation by Parent of the business and
affairs of the Company shall affect or be deemed to modify or waive any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in this Agreement, or the
conditions to the obligations of Parent and Interim Sub to consummate the
Transactions.   6.06 Acquisition Proposals. The Company agrees that neither
it nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective officers or
directors shall, and that it shall direct and use its reasonable best efforts
to cause its and each such Subsidiary\'s employees, agents and
representatives not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit, encourage
or otherwise facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer
with respect to a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation or
similar transaction involving, or any purchase of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company or more than 10% of the outstanding equity
securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (any such proposal or
offer being hereinafter referred to as an "Acquisition Proposal"). The
Company further agrees that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
nor any of their respective officers and directors shall, and that it shall
direct and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and each such
Subsidiary\'s employees, agents and representatives not to, directly or
indirectly, engage in any negotiations concerning, or provide any
confidential information or data to, or have any discussions with, any Person
relating to an Acquisition Proposal, or otherwise facilitate any effort or
attempt to make or implement an Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that
nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the Company or the Company
Board from (A) complying with its disclosure obligations under federal or
state law; (B) providing information in response to a request therefor by a
Person who has made an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal if
the Company Board receives from the Person so requesting such information an
executed confidentiality agreement; (C) engaging in any negotiations or
discussions with any Person who has made an unsolicited bona fide written
Acquisition Proposal or (D) recommending such an Acquisition Proposal to the
shareholders of the Company, if and only to the extent that, (i) in each such
case referred to in clause (B), (C) or (D) above, the Company Board
determines in good faith (after consultation with outside legal counsel) that
such action would be required in order for its directors to comply with their
respective fiduciary duties under applicable law and (ii) in the case
referred to in clause (D) above, the Company Board determines in good faith
(after consultation with its financial advisor) that such Acquisition
Proposal, if accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated, taking into
account all legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the proposal and the
Person making the proposal and would, if consummated, result in a transaction
more      32  37    favorable to the Company\'s shareholders from a
financial point of view than the Consolidation. The Company agrees that it
will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with
respect to any Acquisition Proposals. The Company agrees that it will notify
Parent immediately if any such inquiries, proposals or offers are received
by, any such information is requested from, or any such discussions or
negotiations are sought to be initiated or continued with, any of its
representatives.   6.07 Certain Policies. Prior to the Effective Date, each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall, consistent with GAAP, the rules
and regulations of the SEC and applicable banking laws and regulations,
modify or change its loan, OREO, accrual, reserve, tax, litigation and real
estate valuation policies and practices (including loan classifications and
levels of reserves) so as to be applied on a basis that is consistent with
that of Parent; provided, however, that no such modifications or changes need
be made prior to the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section
7.01(b); and further provided that in any event, no accrual or reserve made
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.07 shall
constitute or be deemed to be a breach, violation of or failure to satisfy
any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement, condition or other
provision of this Agreement or otherwise be considered in determining whether
any such breach, violation or failure to satisfy shall have occurred. The
recording of any such adjustments shall not be deemed to imply any
misstatement of previously furnished financial statements or information and
shall not be construed as concurrence of the Company or its management with
any such adjustments.   6.08 Indemnification.   (a) From and after the
Effective Time, Parent (the "Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify and hold
harmless each present and former director, officer and employee of the
Company or a Company Subsidiary, as applicable, determined as of the
Effective Time (the "Indemnified Parties") against any costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims,
damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the
Effective Time, arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to (i) the
fact that he or she was a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or is or was serving at the request of
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries as a director, officer,
employee, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, (ii) the negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, to the fullest extent which
such Indemnified Parties would be entitled under the Company Articles and
Company Bylaws or equivalent documents of any Company Subsidiary, as
applicable, or any agreement, arrangement or understanding which has been
Previously Disclosed by the Company pursuant to this Section, in each case as
in effect on the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, Parent also
agrees that limitations on liability existing in favor of the Indemnified
Parties as provided in the Company Articles and Company Bylaws or similar
governing documents of the Company Subsidiaries as in effect on the date
hereof with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time shall
survive the Merger and the Bank Merger and shall continue in full force and
effect from and after the Effective Time.       33  38    (b) Any
Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification under this Section 6.08,
upon learning of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation,
shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party, but the failure to so notify
shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any liability it may have to such
Indemnified Party if such failure does not actually prejudice the
Indemnifying Party. In the event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding
or investigation (whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i)
the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof and
the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to such Indemnified Parties for
any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses subsequently
incurred by such Indemnified Parties in connection with the defense thereof,
except that if the Indemnifying Party elects not to assume such defense or
counsel for the Indemnified Parties advises that there are issues which raise
conflicts of interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
Parties, the Indemnified Parties may retain counsel which is reasonably
satisfactory to the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnifying Party shall pay,
promptly as statements therefor are received, the reasonable fees and
expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Parties (which may not exceed
one firm in any jurisdiction), (ii) the Indemnified Parties will cooperate in
the defense of any such matter, (iii) the Indemnifying Party shall not be
liable for any settlement effected without its prior written consent and (iv)
the Indemnifying Party shall have no obligation hereunder in the event that a
federal or state banking agency or a court of competent jurisdiction shall
determine that indemnification of an Indemnified Party in the manner
contemplated hereby is prohibited by applicable laws and regulations.   (c)
Prior the Effective Time, the Company shall purchase an extended reporting
period endorsement under the Company\'s existing directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance coverage for the Company\'s directors and officers in a
form acceptable to the Company which shall provide such directors and
officers with coverage for six years following the Effective Time of not less
than the existing coverage under, and have other terms no materially less
favorable on the whole to, the insured persons than the directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance coverage presently maintained by the
Company.   (d) If Parent or any of its successors or assigns shall
consolidate with or merge into any other entity and shall not be the
continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger or shall
transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other entity, then and
in each case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of Parent shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section
6.08.   6.09 Benefit Plans.   (a) As soon as administratively practicable
after the Effective Time, Parent shall take all reasonable action so that
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be entitled to
participate in each employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of Parent
of general applicability (the "Parent Benefits Plans") to the same extent as
similarly-situated employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries (it being
understood that inclusion of the employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in the Parent Benefits Plans may occur at different times with
respect to different plans.) Parent shall cause each Parent Benefits Plan in
which employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries are eligible to
participate to take into account for purposes of eligibility and vesting
thereunder the service of such employees with the Company and its     
34  39    Subsidiaries to the same extent as such service was credited
for such purpose by the Company. Nothing herein shall limit the ability of
Parent to amend or terminate any of the Company\'s Benefits Plans in
accordance with their terms at any time.   (b) Parent shall honor, and the
Surviving Corporation shall continue to be obligated to perform, in
accordance with their terms, all benefit obligations to, and contractual
rights of, current and former employees of the Company existing as of the
Effective Date, as well as all employment or severance agreements, plans or
policies of the Company which are Previously Disclosed.   (c) If employees
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries become eligible to participate in a
medical, dental or health plan of Parent, Parent shall cause each such plan
to (i) waive any preexisting condition limitations to the extent such
conditions covered under the applicable medical, health or dental plans of
Parent, (ii) honor under such plans any deductible, co-payment and out-of-
pocket expenses incurred by the employees and their beneficiaries during the
portion of the calendar year prior to such participation and (iii) waive any
waiting period limitation or evidence of insurability requirement which would
otherwise be applicable to such employee on or after the Effective Time to
the extent such employee had satisfied any similar limitation or requirement
under an analogous Plan prior to the Effective Time.   (d) For a period of
six months following the Effective Time, Parent or Parent Bank shall provide
all employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries whose employment was
terminated other than for cause, disability or retirement at or following the
Effective Time, and who so desires, job counseling and outplacement
assistance services in accordance with Parent\'s employment policies and
practices, shall assist such employees in locating new employment and shall
notify all such employees who want to be so notified of opportunities for
positions with Parent or any of its Subsidiaries for which Parent reasonably
believes such persons are qualified and shall consider any application for
such positions submitted by such persons, provided, however, that any
decision to offer employment to any such person shall be made in the sole
discretion of Parent.   (e) All employees of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary as of the Effective Time shall become employees of a Parent
Subsidiary as of the Effective Time, and Parent or a Parent Subsidiary will
use its reasonable best efforts to give such persons (other than any such
person who is party to an employment agreement or a severance agreement) at
least four weeks prior written notice of any job elimination after the
Effective Time for a period of 90 days following the Effective Time. Subject
to such four-week notice requirement, Parent or a Parent Subsidiary shall
have no obligation to continue the employment of any such person and nothing
contained herein shall give any employee of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary the right to continue employment with Parent or a Parent
Subsidiary after the Effective Time. An employee of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary (other than an employee who is party to an employment agreement or
a severance agreement) whose employment is involuntarily terminated other
than for cause following the Effective Time shall be entitled to receive
severance payments in accordance with, and to the extent provided in, the
Company employee severance plan with respect to the Transactions, a copy of
which the Parent acknowledges has been provided to it by the
Company.       35  40   6.10. The Bank Merger. Parent and the Company
agree to take all action necessary and appropriate, including causing the
entering into of an appropriate merger agreement (the "Bank Merger
Agreement"), to cause the Consolidated Corporation to merge with and into
Parent Bank (the "Bank Merger") in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations and the terms of the Bank Merger Agreement immediately following
consummation of the Consolidation. The Bank Merger Agreement shall provide
that the directors of Parent Bank upon consummation of the Bank Merger shall
be the directors of Parent Bank immediately prior to the Bank Merger, plus
two persons serving as a director of the Company as of the date hereof
designated by the Company who both meet the director qualification
requirements set forth in the Bylaws of Parent Bank and are otherwise
acceptable to Parent.   6.11 Interim Sub. Following the organization of
Interim Sub, Parent shall (i) cause Interim Sub to execute and deliver this
Agreement and take all necessary action to complete the Consolidation,
subject to the terms and conditions hereof, and (ii) adopt and ratify this
Agreement in its capacity as the sole shareholder of Interim Sub.   6.12
Director of Parent. Parent agrees to take all action necessary to appoint or
elect, effective as of the Effective Time, one non-employee director of the
Company as of the date hereof who is designated by the Company and who both
meets the director qualification requirements set forth in the Parent Bylaws
and is otherwise reasonably acceptable to Parent as a director of Parent.  
6.13 Notification of Certain Matters. Each of the Company and Parent shall
give prompt notice to the other of any fact, event or circumstance known to
it that (i) is reasonably likely, individually or taken together with
all other facts, events and circumstances known to it, to result in any
Material Adverse Effect with respect to it or (ii) would cause or constitute
a material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements contained herein.   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION
OF THE CONSOLIDATION   7.01. Conditions to Obligations of the Company and
Interim Sub to Effect the Consolidation. The respective obligations of the
Company, Parent and Interim Sub to consummate the Consolidation are subject
to the fulfillment or written waiver by the parties hereto prior to the
Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   (a) Shareholder
Approval. This Agreement shall have been duly approved by holders of not less
than two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock.  
(b) Regulatory Approvals. All regulatory approvals required to consummate the
Transactions shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force and
effect and all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof shall have
expired and no such approvals shall contain any conditions, restrictions or
requirements which the Parent Board reasonably determines in good
faith would, individually or in the aggregate, materially reduce the benefits
of the Transactions to       36  41  such a degree that Parent would
not have entered into this Agreement had such conditions, restrictions or
requirements been known at the date hereof.   (c) No Injunction. No
Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued,
promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule, regulation, judgment,
decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or
permanent) which is in effect and prohibits consummation of any of the
Transactions.   (d) Organization and Conversion. The Organization and
the Conversion shall have been consummated in accordance with all
applicable requirements.   7.02. Conditions to Obligation of the Company.
The obligation of the Company to consummate the Consolidation also is subject
to the fulfillment or written waiver by the Company prior to the Effective
Time of each of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent set forth in this
Agreement, subject in all cases to the standard set forth in Section 5.02,
shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Effective Date as though made on and as of the Effective Date (except that
representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of the date of
this Agreement or some other date shall be true and correct as of such date),
and the Company shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date,
signed on behalf of Parent by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer of Parent to such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations
of Parent. Parent and Interim Sub shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by them under this
Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and the Company shall have
received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Parent
by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to
such effect.   (c) Other Actions. Parent and Interim Sub shall have
furnished the Company with such certificates of its respective officers or
others and such other documents to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set
forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.02 as the Company may reasonably request.  
7.03. Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Interim Sub. The obligations of
Parent and Interim Sub to consummate the Consolidation are also subject to
the fulfillment or written waiver by Parent and Interim Sub prior to the
Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   (a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth
in this Agreement, subject in all cases to the standard set forth in Section
5.02, shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Effective Date as though made on and as of the Effective Date (except
that representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of the date
of this Agreement or some other date shall be true and correct as of such
date), and Parent and Interim Sub shall have received a certificate, dated
the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to such
effect.       37  42   (b) Performance of Obligations of Company. The
Company shall have performed in all material respects all obligations
required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
Effective Time, and Parent and Interim Sub shall have received a certificate,
dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to such
effect.   (c) Dissenting Shares. Dissenting Shares shall not represent
10% or more of the outstanding Company Common Stock.   (d) Other Actions.
The Company shall have furnished Parent and Interim Sub with such
certificates of its officers or others and such other documents to evidence
fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.03 as Parent
and Interim Sub may reasonably request.   ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION  
8.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the Transactions may
be abandoned:   (a) Mutual Consent. At any time prior to the Effective Time,
by the mutual consent of Parent and the Company if the Board of Directors of
each so determines by vote of a majority of the members of its entire
Board.   (b) Breach. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by Parent
or the Company if its Board of Directors so determines by vote of a majority
of the members of its entire Board, in the event of: (i) a breach by Parent
and Interim Sub or the Company, as the case may be, of any representation
or warranty contained herein (subject to the standard set forth in Section
5.02), which breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the
giving of written notice to the breaching party or parties of such breach;
(ii) a breach by Parent and Interim Sub or the Company, as the case may be,
of any of the covenants or agreements contained herein, which breach cannot
be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of written notice to
the breaching party or parties of such breach or (iii) in the case of
a termination by Parent, a breach by a Shareholder or Shareholders of any of
the covenants or agreements contained in the Shareholder Agreements, which
breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of
written notice to the breaching party or parties of such breach, provided
that such breach (whether under (i), (ii) or (iii)) would be reasonably
expected, individually or in the aggregate with other breaches, to result in
a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Parent or the Company, as the case
may be.   (c) Delay. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by Parent
or the Company if its Board of Directors so determines by vote of a majority
of the members of its entire Board, in the event that the Transactions are
not consummated by March 31, 2002, except to the extent that the failure of
the Consolidation then to be consummated arises out of or results from the
knowing action or inaction of (i) the party seeking to terminate pursuant to
this Section 8.01(c), (ii) Interim Sub (if Parent is the party seeking
to terminate) or (iii) any of the Shareholders (if the Company is the
party seeking to terminate), which action or inaction is in violation of
its    38  43   obligations under this Agreement or, in the case of the
Shareholders, his, her or its obligations under the relevant Shareholder
Agreement.   (d) No Approval. By the Company or Parent, if its Board
of Directors so determines by a vote of a majority of the members of its
entire Board, in the event (i) the approval of any Governmental Authority
required for consummation of any of the Transactions shall have been denied
by final nonappealable action of such Governmental Authority or an
application therefor shall have been permanently withdrawn at the request of
a Governmental Authority or (ii) the shareholder approval referred to in
Section 7.01(a) herein is not obtained at the Company Meeting.   (e)
Failure to Recommend. At any time prior to the Company Meeting, by Parent if
the Company shall have breached Section 6.06 or the Company Board shall have
failed to make its recommendation referred to in Section 6.02, withdrawn such
recommendation or modified or changed such recommendation in a manner adverse
in any respect to the interests of Parent.   8.02. Effect of Termination and
Abandonment. In the event of termination of this Agreement and the
abandonment of the Consolidation pursuant to this Article VIII, no party to
this Agreement shall have any liability or further obligation to any other
party hereunder except (i) as set forth in Section 9.01 and (ii) that
termination will not relieve a breaching party from liability for any willful
breach of any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty of this
Agreement giving rise to such termination.   ARTICLE IX   
MISCELLANEOUS   9.01. Survival. No representations, warranties, agreements
and covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time
(other than agreements or covenants contained herein that by their express
terms are to be performed after the Effective Time, and the Stock Option
Agreement, which shall terminate in accordance with the terms thereof) or the
termination of this Agreement if this Agreement is terminated prior to the
Effective Time (other than Sections 6.05(b), 8.02 and, excepting Section 9.12
hereof, this Article IX, which shall survive any such termination, and the
Stock Option Agreement, which shall terminate in accordance with the terms
thereof). Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, no
representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this
Agreement shall be deemed to be terminated or extinguished so as to deprive a
party hereto or any of its affiliates of any defense at law or in equity
which otherwise would be available against the claims of any Person,
including without limitation any shareholder or former shareholder.   9.02.
Waiver; Amendment. Prior to the Effective Time, any provision of this
Agreement may be (i) waived by the party benefited by the provision or (ii)
amended or modified at any time, by an agreement in writing among the parties
hereto executed in the same manner as this Agreement, except that after the
Company Meeting, no amendment shall be made which by law requires further
approval by the shareholders of the Company without obtaining
such approval.      39  44   9.03. Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
constitute an original.   9.04. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be
governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Maine applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such
State.   9.05. Expenses. Each party hereto will bear all expenses incurred
by it in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.   9.06. Notices. All notices, requests and other
communications hereunder to a party shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given if personally delivered, telecopied (with confirmation) or mailed by
registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) to such party at its
address set forth below or such other address as such party may specify by
notice to the parties hereto.   If to the Company to:   MetroWest Bank 
15 Park Street  Framingham, Massachusetts, 01701-9111  Attention: John J.
McArdle III  Chief Executive Officer  Fax:   With a copy to:   Foley,
Hoag and Eliot LLP  One Post Office Square  Boston, Massachusetts 02109-2170 
Attention: Peter Coogan, Esq.  Fax: (617) 832-7000   If to Parent or
Interim Sub to:   Banknorth Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland
Square  Portland, Maine 04112-9540  Attention: William J. Ryan  Chairman,
President  and Chief Executive Officer   Fax: (207) 761-8587    40 
45   With a copy to:   Elias, Matz, Tiernan and Herrick L.L.P.  12th Floor,
The Walker Building  734 15th Street, N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20005 
Attention: Gerard L. Hawkins, Esq.  Fax: (202) 347-2172    9.07. Entire
Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, the Shareholder
Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement represent the entire understanding
of the parties hereto and thereto with reference to the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and this Agreement, the Shareholder
Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement supersede any and all other oral or
written agreements heretofore made. Except for the Indemnified Parties\'
right to enforce Parent\'s obligations under Section 6.08, nothing in this
Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person, other
than the parties hereto or their respective successors, any rights, remedies,
obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.   9.08.
Severability. Except to the extent that application of this Section 9.08
would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or Parent, any term or
provision of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of
such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid
or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement
or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions
of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this
Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. In all such cases, the
parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to substitute a valid, legal
and enforceable provision which, insofar as practicable, implements the
original purposes and intents of this Agreement.   9.09. Enforcement of the
Agreement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in
the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any
state having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity.   9.10. Interpretation. When a
reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such
reference shall be to a Section of, or Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation."     41  46   9.11 Assignment. No party may assign either
this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder
without the prior written approval of the other party. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns.   9.12 Alternative Structure. Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Parent may at any time modify
the structure of the acquisition of the Company set forth herein, subject to
the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided that (i) the Consolidation
Consideration to be paid to the holders of Company Common Stock is not
thereby changed in kind or reduced in amount as a result of such modification
and (ii) such modification will not materially delay or jeopardize receipt of
any required approvals of Governmental Authorities.     42  47    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed
in counterparts by their duly authorized officers, all as of the day and year
first above written.     BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.     By:/s/ Peter J.
Verrill  --------------------------------------  Name: Peter J. Verrill 
Title: Executive Vice President, Chief  Operating Officer and Chief 
Executive Officer     METROWEST BANK     By:/s/ John J. McArdle III 
----------------------------------------  Name: John J. McArdle III  Title:
Chief Executive Officer      By:/s/ Irene A. Schmitt 
----------------------------------------  Name: Irene A. Schmitt  Title:
President      By:/s/ Brian T. Manning 
---------------------------------------  Name: Brian T. Manning  Title:
Treasurer    43     48   EXHIBIT A   SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT  
SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of June 11, 2001, by and
between _________, a shareholder ("Shareholder") of MetroWest Bank,
a Massachusetts-chartered savings bank (the "Company"), and Banknorth Group,
Inc., a Maine corporation ("Parent"). All terms used herein and not defined
herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Consolidation
Agreement (defined below).   WHEREAS, Parent and the Company have entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Consolidation, dated as of the date hereof (the
"Consolidation Agreement"), providing for the business combination
transactions contemplated therein, pursuant to which the Company will be
combined with an existing national bank subsidiary of Parent in a series of
transactions and in connection therewith each outstanding share of Company
Common Stock (except Dissenting Shares and Treasury Stock) shall be converted
into the right to receive $11.50, without interest; and   WHEREAS,
Shareholder owns the shares of Company Common Stock identified on Annex I
hereto (such shares, together with all shares of Company Common
Stock subsequently acquired by Shareholder during the term of this Agreement,
being referred to as the "Shares"); and   WHEREAS, in order to induce
Parent to enter into the Consolidation Agreement, Shareholder, solely in such
Shareholder\'s capacity as a shareholder of the Company and not in any other
capacity, has agreed to enter into and perform this Agreement.   NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   1. Agreement to Vote Shares. Shareholder shall vote or cause to 
be voted, or execute a written consent with respect to, the Shares, to  the
extent such Shares are entitled to vote, in favor of approval and  adoption
of (i) the Consolidation Agreement and all transactions  contemplated thereby
at every meeting of the shareholders of the Company  at which such matters
are considered and at every adjournment thereof  and in connection with every
proposal to take action by written consent  with respect thereto and (ii) any
amendment to the Company Articles  and/or the Company Bylaws required to be
made to effect any of the  transactions contemplated by the Consolidation
Agreement at every  meeting of the shareholders of the Company at which such
matters are  considered and at every adjournment thereof and in connection
with every  proposal to take action by written consent with respect
thereto.   2. No Voting Trusts. Shareholder agrees that Shareholder will 
not, nor will Shareholder permit any entity under Shareholder\'s control  to,
deposit any Shares in a voting trust or subject the Shares to any  agreement,
arrangement or understanding with respect to the voting of  the Shares
inconsistent with this Agreement, except to the extent that  such   
49    Shares are currently subject to any such voting trust agreement, 
arrangement or understanding.   3. Representations and Warranties of
Shareholder. Shareholder  represents and warrants to and agrees with Parent
and Parent Bank as  follows:   A. Capacity. Shareholder has all requisite
capacity and  authority to enter into and perform his, her or its
obligations  under this Agreement.   B. Binding Agreement. This Agreement
constitutes the valid and  legally binding obligation of Shareholder, subject
to bankruptcy,  insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium
and  similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting 
creditors\' rights and to general equity principles.   C. Non-Contravention.
The execution and delivery of this  Agreement by Shareholder does not, and
the performance by  Shareholder of his, her or its obligations hereunder and
the  consummation by Shareholder of the transactions contemplated hereby 
will not, violate or conflict with, or constitute a default under,  any
agreement, instrument, contract or other obligation or any  order,
arbitration award, judgment or decree to which Shareholder is  a party or by
which Shareholder is bound, or any statute, rule or  regulation to which
Shareholder is subject or, in the event that  Shareholder is a corporation,
partnership, trust or other entity,  any charter, bylaw or other
organizational document of Shareholder.   D. Ownership of Shares.
Shareholder has good title to all of the  Shares as of the date hereof, and,
except as set forth on Annex II  hereto, the Shares are so owned free and
clear of any liens,  security interests, charges or other encumbrances.  
4. Specific Performance and Remedies. Shareholder acknowledges  that it will
be impossible to measure in money the damage to Parent if  Shareholder fails
to comply with the obligations imposed by this  Agreement and that, in the
event of any such failure, Parent will not  have an adequate remedy at law or
in equity. Accordingly, Shareholder  agrees that injunctive relief or other
equitable remedy, in addition to  remedies at law or in damages, is the
appropriate remedy for any such  failure and will not oppose the granting of
such relief on the basis  that Parent has an adequate remedy at law.
Shareholder agrees that  Shareholder will not seek, and agrees to waive any
requirement for, the  securing or posting of a bond in connection with
Parent\'s seeking or  obtaining such equitable relief. In addition, after
discussing the  matter with Shareholder, Parent shall have the right to
inform any third  party that Parent reasonably believes to be, or to be
contemplating,  participating with Shareholder or receiving from Shareholder
assistance  in violation of this Agreement, of the terms of this Agreement
and of  the rights of Parent hereunder, and that participation by any such 
persons with Shareholder in activities in violation of Shareholder\'s 
agreement with Parent set forth in this Agreement may give rise to  claims by
Parent against such third party.    2  50    5. Term of Agreement;
Termination.   A. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date 
hereof.   B. This Agreement shall terminate upon the date, if any,  of
termination of the Consolidation Agreement in accordance with  its terms.
Upon such termination, no party shall have any  further obligations or
liabilities hereunder; provided, however,  such termination shall not relieve
any party from liability for  any breach of this Agreement prior to such
termination.   C. If the Consolidation Agreement is not terminated  prior
in accordance with its terms, this Agreement (except for  the provisions of
Sections 3, 8 and 9, which shall survive the  Effective Time) shall terminate
upon the Effective Time. Upon  such termination, no party shall have any
further obligations or  liabilities under this Agreement; provided, however,
such  termination shall not relieve any party from liability for any  breach
of such Section prior to such termination.   6. Entire Agreement. This
Agreement supersedes all prior  agreements, written or oral, among the
parties hereto with respect to  the subject matter hereof and contains the
entire agreement among the  parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof. This Agreement may  not be amended, supplemented or modified, and no
provisions hereof may  be modified or waived, except by an instrument in
writing signed by each  party hereto. No waiver of any provisions hereof by
either party shall  be deemed a waiver of any other provisions hereof by any
such party, nor  shall any such waiver be deemed a continuing waiver of any
provision  hereof by such party.   7. Notices. All notices, requests,
claims, demands or other  communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given  when delivered personally, upon receipt of a
transmission confirmation  if sent by telecopy or like transmission and on
the next business day  when sent by a reputable overnight courier service to
the parties at the  following addresses (or at such other address for a party
as shall be  specified by like notice):    3  51    If to Parent:  
Banknorth Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square  Portland, Maine
04112-9540  Attention: William J. Ryan  Chairman, President and  Chief
Executive Officer  Fax: (207) 761-8587   With a copy to:   Elias, Matz,
Tiernan and Herrick, L.L.P.  734 15th Street, N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20005 
Attn: Gerard L. Hawkins, Esq.  Fax: (202) 347-2172   If to Shareholder:  
------------------------   ------------------------  
------------------------   With a copy to:   Foley Hoag and Eliot LLP  One
Post Office Square  Boston, Massachusetts 02109-2170  Attention: Peter
Coogan, Esq.  Fax: (617) 832-7000   8. Miscellaneous.   A. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or  the application of such provision to
any person or circumstances  shall be held invalid or unenforceable by a
court of competent  jurisdiction, such provision or application shall be 
unenforceable only to the extent of such invalidity or  unenforceability, and
the remainder of the provision held  invalid or unenforceable and the
application of such provision  to persons or circumstances, other than the
party as to which it  is held invalid, and the remainder of this Agreement,
shall not  be affected.    4  52    B. Capacity. The covenants
contained herein shall apply  to Shareholder solely in his or her capacity as
a shareholder of  the Company, and no covenant contained herein shall apply
to  Shareholder in his or her capacity as a director, officer or  employee
of the Company or in any other capacity. Nothing  contained in this Agreement
shall be deemed to apply to, or  limit in any manner, the obligations of the
Shareholder to  comply with his or her fiduciary duties as a director of
the  Company.   C. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one  or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an  original but all
of which together shall constitute one and the  same instrument.   D.
Headings. All Section headings herein are for  convenience of reference only
and are not part of this  Agreement, and no construction or reference shall
be derived  therefrom.   E. CHOICE OF LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED
A  CONTRACT MADE UNDER, AND FOR ALL PURPOSES SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MAINE, WITHOUT  REFERENCE TO ITS
CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES.   9. Attorney\'s Fees. The prevailing party or
parties in any  litigation, arbitration, mediation, bankruptcy, insolvency or
other  proceeding ("Proceeding") relating to the enforcement or
interpretation  of this Agreement may recover from the unsuccessful party or
parties all  fees and disbursements of counsel (including expert witness and
other  consultants\' fees and costs) relating to or arising out of (a) the 
Proceeding (whether or not the Proceeding proceeds to judgment), and (b)  any
post-judgment or post-award proceeding including, without  limitation, one to
enforce or collect any judgment or award resulting  from the Proceeding. All
such judgments and awards shall contain a  specific provision for the
recovery of all such subsequently incurred  costs, expenses, and fees and
disbursements of counsel.    5  53    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first
written above.   BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.    By: 
---------------------------------------  Name: Peter J. Verrill  Title:
Executive Vice President, Chief  Operating Officer and Chief  Executive
Officer   [SHAREHOLDER]     ------------------------------------------ 
(Signature)     6  54    ANNEX I  SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT   Number of
Shares Owned:          7  55   EXHIBIT B   STOCK OPTION
AGREEMENT   Stock Option Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2001, between
Banknorth Group, Inc., a Maine corporation ("Grantee"), and MetroWest Bank,
a Massachusetts-chartered savings bank ("Issuer").   W I T N E S S E T
H:   WHEREAS, Grantee and Issuer have entered into an Agreement and Plan
of Consolidation of even date herewith (the "Consolidation Agreement"),
pursuant to which the Company will be combined with an existing national bank
subsidiary of Parent in a series of transactions and in connection therewith
each outstanding share of Company Common Stock (except Dissenting Shares and
Treasury Stock) shall be converted into the right to receive the
Consolidation Consideration; and   WHEREAS, as a condition and an
inducement to Grantee to enter into the Consolidation Agreement, Issuer has
agreed to grant Grantee the Option (as hereinafter defined);   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and
agreements set forth herein and in the Consolidation Agreement, the parties
hereto agree as follows:   1. (a) Issuer hereby grants to Grantee an
unconditional, irrevocable option (the "Option") to purchase, subject to the
terms hereof, up to an aggregate of 2,851,756 fully paid and nonassessable
shares (the "Option Shares") of common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of
Issuer (the "Common Stock") at a price per share equal to $8.76 (the "Option
Price"); provided, however, that in no event shall the number of shares for
which this Option is exercisable exceed 19.9% of the issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock that may be
received upon the exercise of the Option and the Option Price are subject to
adjustment as herein set forth.   (b) In the event that any additional
shares of Common Stock are either (i) issued or otherwise become outstanding
after the date of this Agreement (other than pursuant to this Agreement and
other than pursuant to an event described in Section 5 hereof), including,
without limitation, pursuant to stock option or other employee plans or as a
result of the exercise of conversion rights, or (ii) redeemed, repurchased,
retired or otherwise cease to be outstanding after the date of this
Agreement, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Option shall
be increased or decreased, as appropriate, so that, after such event, such
number equals 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock then issued and
outstanding without giving effect to any shares subject to or issued pursuant
to the Option. Nothing contained in this Section l(b) or elsewhere in this
Agreement shall be deemed to authorize Issuer or Grantee to breach any
provision of the Consolidation Agreement.    56    2. (a) The Holder (as
hereinafter defined) may exercise the Option, in whole or part, and from time
to time, if, but only if, both an Initial Triggering Event (as hereinafter
defined) and a Subsequent Triggering Event (as hereinafter defined) shall
have occurred prior to the occurrence of an Exercise Termination Event (as
hereinafter defined), provided that the Holder shall have sent the Exercise
Notice (as hereinafter defined) within ninety (90) days following such
Subsequent Triggering Event (or such later period as provided in Section 10).
Each of the following shall be an Exercise Termination Event: (i) the
Effective Time (as defined in the Consolidation Agreement); (ii) termination
of the Consolidation Agreement in accordance with the provisions thereof if
such termination occurs prior to the occurrence of an Initial Triggering
Event, except a termination by Grantee pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of the
Consolidation Agreement (unless the breach by Issuer giving rise to
such right of termination was non-volitional ( a "Listed Termination")); or
(iii) the passage of 12 months (or such longer period as provided in Section
10) after termination of the Consolidation Agreement if such termination
follows the occurrence of an Initial Triggering Event or is a Listed
Termination, provided that if an Initial Triggering Event continues or occurs
beyond such termination and prior to the passage of such 12-month-period, the
Exercise Termination Event shall be 12 months from the expiration of the Last
Triggering Event but in no event more than 18 months after such termination.
The term "Last Triggering Event" shall mean the last Initial Triggering Event
to be in effect, and the term "Holder" shall mean the permitted holder or
holders of the Option pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, the Option may not be exercised at any time
when Grantee shall be in willful material breach of any of its covenants or
agreements contained in the Consolidation Agreement such that Issuer shall be
entitled to terminate the Consolidation Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(b)
thereof as a result of such a willful material breach.   (b) The term
"Initial Triggering Event" shall mean any of the following events or
transactions occurring on or after the date hereof:   (i) Issuer or any
Subsidiary (as hereinafter  defined) of Issuer (an "Issuer Subsidiary"),
without having  received Grantee\'s prior written consent, shall have
entered  into an agreement to engage in an Acquisition Transaction (as 
hereinafter defined) with any person (the term "person" for  purposes of this
Agreement having the meaning assigned thereto  in Sections 3(a)(9) and
13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act  of 1934, as amended (the "1934
Act"), and the rules and  regulations thereunder), other than Grantee or any
Subsidiary of  Grantee (a "Grantee Subsidiary") or the Board of Directors
of  Issuer (the "Issuer Board") shall have recommended that the 
stockholders of Issuer approve or accept any Acquisition  Transaction with
any person other than Grantee or a Grantee  Subsidiary. For purposes of this
Agreement, (a) "Acquisition  Transaction" shall mean (w) a merger or
consolidation, or any  similar transaction, involving Issuer or any Issuer
Subsidiary,  (x) a purchase, lease or other acquisition or assumption of
all  or any substantial part of the consolidated assets or  consolidated
deposits of Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary, (y) a  purchase or other
acquisition (including by way of merger,  consolidation, share exchange or
otherwise) of securities  representing 10% or more of the voting power of
Issuer or any  Issuer Subsidiary or (z) any substantially similar    2 
57    transaction, provided that in no event shall (i) any merger, 
consolidation, purchase or similar transaction involving only  Issuer and one
or more of its Subsidiaries, or involving only  any two or more of such
Subsidiaries, be deemed to be an  Acquisition Transaction, provided that any
such transaction is  not entered into in violation of the terms of the
Consolidation  Agreement, or (ii) the transactions contemplated by the 
Consolidation Agreement or the entering into of the  Consolidation Agreement
be deemed to be an Acquisition  Transaction; and (b) "Subsidiary" shall have
the meaning set  forth in Rule 12b-2 under the 1934 Act;   (ii) After the
date hereof, any person, other than  Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, shall
have acquired beneficial  ownership or the right to acquire beneficial
ownership of 10% or  more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the
term  "beneficial ownership" for purposes of this Agreement having the 
meaning assigned thereto in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act, and  the rules and
regulations thereunder);   (iii) The stockholders of Issuer shall have voted
and  failed to approve the Consolidation Agreement at a meeting which  has
been held for that purpose or any adjournment or  postponement thereof, or
such meeting shall not have been held  in violation of the Consolidation
Agreement or shall have been  cancelled prior to termination of the
Consolidation Agreement  if, in each case prior to such meeting (or if such
meeting shall  not have been held or shall have been cancelled, prior to
such  termination), it shall have been publicly announced that any  person
(other than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary) shall have  made, or publicly
disclosed an intention to make, a proposal to  engage in an Acquisition
Transaction;   (iv) The Issuer Board, without having received  Grantee\'s
prior written consent, shall have withdrawn or  modified, or publicly
announced its intention to withdraw or  modify in any manner adverse in any
respect to Grantee, its  recommendation that the stockholders of Issuer
approve the  transactions contemplated by the Consolidation Agreement in 
anticipation of engaging in an Acquisition Transaction, or  Issuer or any
Issuer Subsidiary shall have authorized,  recommended or proposed, or
publicly announced its intention to  authorize, recommend or propose, an
agreement to engage in an  Acquisition Transaction with any person other than
Grantee or a  Grantee Subsidiary;   (v) Any person other than Grantee or a
Grantee  Subsidiary shall have filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission ("SEC") a registration statement or tender offer  materials with
respect to a potential exchange offer or tender  offer that would constitute
an Acquisition Transaction (or filed  a preliminary proxy statement with the
SEC with respect to a  potential vote by its stockholders to approve the
issuance of  shares to be offered in such an exchange offer);   (vi) Issuer
shall have breached any covenant or  obligation contained in the
Consolidation Agreement after a  proposal is made by any third party, other
than    3  58    Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, to engage in an
Acquisition  Transaction and following such breach (x) Grantee would be 
entitled to terminate the Consolidation Agreement (whether  immediately or
after the giving of notice or passage of time or  both) and (y) such breach
shall not have been cured prior to the  Notice Date (as defined below);
or   (vii) Any person other than Grantee or a Grantee  Subsidiary, without
Grantee\'s prior written consent, shall have  filed an application or notice
with the Board of Governors of  the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal
Reserve Board") or  other federal or state bank regulatory or antitrust
authority,  which application or notice has been accepted for processing, 
for approval to engage in an Acquisition Transaction.   (c) The term
"Subsequent Triggering Event" shall mean any of the following events or
transactions occurring after the date hereof:   (i) The acquisition by any
person (other than  Grantee or any Grantee Subsidiary) of beneficial
ownership of  25% or more of the then outstanding Common Stock; or   (ii)
The occurrence of the Initial Triggering Event  described in clause (i) of
subsection (b) of this Section 2,  except that the percentage referred to in
clause (y) of the  second sentence thereof shall be 25%.   (d) Issuer shall
notify Grantee promptly in writing of the occurrence of any Initial
Triggering Event or Subsequent Triggering Event (together, a "Triggering
Event") of which it has notice, it being understood that the giving of such
notice by Issuer shall not be a condition to the right of the Holder to
exercise the Option.   (e) In the event the Holder is entitled to and wishes
to exercise the Option (or any portion thereof), it shall send to Issuer a
written notice (an "Exercise Notice," the date of which being herein referred
to as the "Notice Date") specifying (i) the total number of shares of Common
Stock it will purchase pursuant to such exercise and (ii) a place and date
not earlier than three business days nor later than 60 business days from the
Notice Date for the closing of such purchase (the "Closing," the date of
which being herein referred to as the "Closing Date"); provided that if prior
notification to or approval of the Federal Reserve Board or any other
regulatory or antitrust agency is required in connection with such purchase,
the Holder shall promptly file the required notice or application for
approval, shall promptly notify Issuer of such filing and shall expeditiously
process the same and the period of time that otherwise would run pursuant to
this sentence shall run instead from the date on which any required
notification periods have expired or been terminated or such approvals have
been obtained and any requisite waiting period or periods shall have passed.
Any exercise of the Option shall be deemed to occur on the Notice Date
relating thereto. The term "business day" for purposes of this
Agreement means any day, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and any other day that
is a legal    4  59   holiday in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or a
day on which banking institutions in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts are
authorized by law or executive order to close.   (f) At a Closing, the
Holder shall (i) pay to Issuer the aggregate purchase price for the Option
Shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of the Option in immediately
available funds by wire transfer to a bank account designated by Issuer and
(ii) present and surrender this Agreement to Issuer at its principal
executive offices, provided that the failure or refusal of the Issuer to
designate such a bank account or accept surrender of this Agreement shall not
preclude the Holder from exercising the Option.   (g) At a Closing,
simultaneously with the delivery of immediately available funds as provided
in subsection (f) of this Section 2, Issuer shall deliver to the Holder a
certificate or certificates representing the number of Option Shares
purchased by the Holder and, if the Option should be exercised in part only,
a new Option evidencing the rights of the Holder thereof to purchase the
balance of the Option Shares purchasable hereunder, and the Holder shall
deliver to Issuer a copy of this Agreement and a letter agreeing that the
Holder will not offer to sell or otherwise dispose of such shares
in violation of applicable law or the provisions of this Agreement.   (h)
Certificates for Option Shares delivered at a Closing hereunder may be
endorsed (in the sole discretion of Issuer) with a restrictive legend that
shall read substantially as follows:   "The transfer of the shares
represented by this certificate is  subject to certain provisions of an
agreement between the registered  holder hereof and Issuer and to resale
restrictions arising under the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A copy of
such agreement is on file  at the principal office of Issuer and will be
provided to the holder  hereof without charge upon receipt by Issuer of a
written request  therefor."  It is understood and agreed that: (i) the
reference to the resale restrictions of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "1933 Act") in the above legend shall be removed by delivery of
substitute certificate(s) without such reference if the Holder shall have
delivered to Issuer a copy of a letter from the staff of the SEC, or an
opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Issuer,
to the effect that such legend is not required for purposes of the 1933 Act;
(ii) the reference to the provisions of this Agreement in the above legend
shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificate(s) without such
reference if the shares have been sold or transferred in compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement and under circumstances that do not require the
retention of such reference in the opinion of counsel to the Holder, which
shall be set forth in a written opinion in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Issuer; and (iii) the legend shall be removed in
its entirety if the conditions in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) are both
satisfied. In addition, such certificates shall bear any other legend as may
be required by law.   (i) Upon the giving by the Holder to Issuer of the
written notice of exercise of the Option provided for under paragraph (e) of
this Section 2, the tender of the applicable purchase price in immediately
available funds and the tender of a copy of this Agreement to Issuer, the
Holder shall    5  60   be deemed, subject to the receipt of any
necessary regulatory approvals, to be the holder of record of the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such exercise, notwithstanding that the stock
transfer books of Issuer shall then be closed or that certificates
representing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered
to the Holder. Issuer shall pay all expenses, and any and all United States
federal, state and local taxes and other charges that may be payable in
connection with the preparation, issue and delivery of stock certificates
under this Section 2 in the name of the Holder or its assignee, transferee or
designee.   3. Issuer agrees: (i) that it shall at all times maintain,
free from preemptive rights, sufficient authorized but unissued or treasury
shares of Common Stock so that the Option may be exercised without
additional authorization of Common Stock after giving effect to all other
options, warrants, convertible securities and other rights to purchase Common
Stock; (ii) that it will not, by charter amendment or through reorganization,
consolidation, merger, dissolution or sale of assets, or by any other
voluntary act, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of
the covenants, stipulations or conditions to be observed or performed
hereunder by Issuer; (iii) promptly to take all action as may from time to
time be required (including without limitation (x) complying with all
applicable premerger notification, reporting and waiting period requirements
specified in 15 U.S.C. Section 18a and regulations promulgated thereunder and
(y) in the event, under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the
"BHCA"), or the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, or any state
or other federal banking law, prior approval of or notice to the Federal
Reserve Board or to any state or other federal regulatory authority is
necessary before the Option may be exercised, cooperating fully with the
Holder in connection with the preparation of such applications or notices and
providing such information to the Federal Reserve Board or such state or
other federal regulatory authority as they may require) in order to permit
the Holder to exercise the Option and Issuer duly and effectively to issue
shares of Common Stock pursuant hereto; and (iv) promptly to take all action
provided herein to protect the rights of the Holder against dilution.   4.
This Agreement and the Option granted hereby are exchangeable, without
expense, at the option of the Holder, upon presentation and surrender of this
Agreement at the principal office of Issuer, for other Agreements
providing for Options of different denominations entitling the holder thereof
to purchase on the same terms and subject to the same conditions as are set
forth herein in the aggregate the same number of shares of Common Stock
purchasable hereunder. The terms "Agreement" and "Option" as used herein
include any Stock Option Agreements and related Options for which this
Agreement (and the Option granted hereby) may be exchanged. Upon receipt by
Issuer of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Agreement, and (in the case of loss, theft
or destruction) of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon
surrender and cancellation of this Agreement, if mutilated, Issuer will
execute and deliver a new Agreement of like tenor and date. Any such new
Agreement executed and delivered shall constitute an additional contractual
obligation on the part of Issuer, subject to the aforementioned
indemnification, if applicable, whether or not the Agreement so lost, stolen,
destroyed or mutilated shall at any time be enforceable by anyone.    6 
61    5. In addition to the adjustment in the number of shares of
Common Stock that are purchasable upon exercise of the Option pursuant to
Section 1 of this Agreement, the number of Option Shares purchasable upon the
exercise of the Option and the Option Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time as provided in this Section 5. In the event of any change
in, or distributions in respect of, the Common Stock by reason of stock
dividend, stock split, split-up, merger, recapitalization, stock combination,
subdivision, conversion, exchange of shares, distribution on or in respect of
the Common Stock or similar transaction, the type and number of Option Shares
subject to the Option, and the Option Price therefor, shall be adjusted
appropriately, and proper provision shall be made in the agreements governing
such transaction, so that Grantee shall receive upon exercise of the Option
the number and class of Option Shares or other securities or property that
Grantee would have received in respect of Option Shares if the Option had
been exercised immediately prior to such event, or the record date therefor,
as applicable.   6. Upon the occurrence of a Subsequent Triggering Event
that occurs prior to an Exercise Termination Event, Issuer shall, at the
request of Grantee delivered within six (6) months (or such later period as
provided in Section 10) following such Subsequent Triggering Event (whether
on its own behalf or on behalf of any subsequent holder of this Option (or
part thereof) or any of the Option Shares issued pursuant hereto), promptly
prepare, file and keep current, with respect to the Option and the Option
Shares, a registration statement under the 1933 Act, to the extent
applicable, and/or any applicable securities offering rules of a federal or
state banking authority, and qualify such Option and Option Shares for resale
or other disposition under applicable state securities laws, in each case in
accordance with any plan of disposition requested by Grantee. Issuer will use
all reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement promptly to
become effective and then to remain effective for such period not in excess
of 180 days from the day such registration statement first becomes effective
or such shorter time as may be reasonably necessary to effect such sales or
other dispositions. Grantee shall have the right to demand two such
registrations. Issuer shall bear the costs of such registrations (including,
but not limited to, Issuer\'s attorneys\' fees, printing costs and filing
fees, except for underwriting discounts or commissions, brokers\' fees and
the fees and disbursements of Grantee\'s counsel related thereto). The
foregoing notwithstanding, if, at the time of any request by Grantee for
registration of the Option or Option Shares as provided above, Issuer is in
registration with respect to an underwritten public offering by Issuer of
shares of Common Stock, and if in the good faith judgment of the managing
underwriter or managing underwriters, or, if none, the sole underwriter or
underwriters, of such offering, the inclusion of the Option and/or
Option Shares would interfere with the successful marketing of the shares of
Common Stock offered by Issuer, the number of shares represented by the
Option and/or the number of Option Shares otherwise to be covered in the
registration statement contemplated hereby may be reduced; provided, however,
that after any such required reduction the number of shares represented by
the Option and/or the number of Option Shares to be included in such offering
for the account of the Holder shall constitute at least 25% of the total
number of shares to be sold by the Holder and Issuer in the aggregate; and
provided further, however, that if such reduction occurs, then Issuer shall
file a registration statement for the balance as promptly as practicable
thereafter as to which no reduction pursuant to this Section 6 shall be
permitted or occur and Holder shall thereafter be entitled to one additional
registration and the twelve (12) month period referred to in the first
sentence of this section shall be increased to twenty four (24) months. Each
such Holder shall provide all    7  62   information reasonably
requested by Issuer for inclusion in any such registration statement to be
filed hereunder. If requested by any such Holder in connection with such
registration, Issuer shall become a party to any underwriting agreement
relating to the sale of such shares, but only to the extent of obligating
itself in respect of representations, warranties, indemnities and other
agreements customarily included in such underwriting agreements for Issuer.
Upon receiving any request under this Section 6 from any Holder, Issuer
agrees to send a copy thereof to any other person known to Issuer to be
entitled to registration rights under this Section 6, in each case
by promptly mailing the same, postage prepaid, to the address of record of
the persons entitled to receive such copies. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the number of registrations
that Issuer is obligated to effect be increased by reason of the fact that
there shall be more than one Holder as a result of any assignment or division
of this Agreement.   7. (a) Immediately prior to the occurrence of a
Repurchase Event (as described below), (i) at the request of any Holder
delivered prior to an Exercise Termination Event (or such later period as
provided in Section 10), Issuer (or any successor thereto) shall repurchase
the Option from the Holder at a price (the "Option Repurchase Price") equal
to the amount by which (A) the Market/Offer Price (as defined below) exceeds
(B) the Option Price, multiplied by the number of shares for which the Option
may then be exercised, and (ii) at the request of the owner of Option Shares
from time to time (the "Owner"), delivered within 90 days following such
occurrence (or such later period as provided in Section 10), Issuer (or any
successor thereto) shall repurchase such number of the Option Shares from the
Owner as the Owner shall designate at a price (the "Option Share Repurchase
Price") equal to the greater of (A) the Market/Offer Price and (B) the
average exercise price per share paid by the Owner for the Option Shares so
designated. The term "Market/Offer Price" shall mean the highest of (i) the
price per share of Common Stock at which a tender offer or exchange offer
therefor has been made, (ii) the price per share of Common Stock to be paid
by any person, other than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, pursuant to an
agreement with Issuer of the kind described in Section 2(b)(i), (iii) the
highest closing price for shares of Common Stock within the six-month period
immediately preceding the date of such required repurchase of the Option or
Option Shares, as the case may be, or (iv) in the event of a sale of all or
any substantial part of Issuer\'s assets or deposits, the sum of the price
paid in such sale for such consolidated assets or consolidated deposits and
the current market value of the remaining assets of Issuer as determined by a
nationally-recognized investment banking firm selected by a majority in
interest of the Holders or the Owners, as the case may be, and reasonably
acceptable to Issuer, divided by the number of shares of Common Stock of
Issuer outstanding at the time of such sale. In determining the
Market/Offer Price, the value of consideration other than cash shall be
determined by a nationally-recognized investment banking firm selected by the
Holder or Owner, as the case may be, and reasonably acceptable to Issuer.  
(b) Each Holder and Owner, as the case may be, may exercise its right to
require Issuer to repurchase the Option and any Option Shares pursuant to
this Section 7 by surrendering for such purpose to Issuer, at its principal
office, a copy of this Agreement or certificates for Option Shares,
as applicable, accompanied by a written notice or notices stating that such
Holder or Owner, as the case may be, elects to require Issuer to repurchase
this Option and/or Option Shares in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 7. As promptly as practicable, and in any event    8 
63   within five business days after the surrender of the Option and/or
certificates representing Option Shares and the receipt of such notice or
notices relating thereto, Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
the Holder the Option Repurchase Price and/or to the Owner the Option Share
Repurchase Price therefor or the portion thereof that Issuer is not then
prohibited under applicable law and regulation from so delivering.   (c) To
the extent that Issuer is prohibited under applicable law or regulation, or
as a consequence of administrative policy, or as a result of a written
agreement or other binding obligation with a governmental or regulatory body
or agency, from repurchasing the Option and/or the Option Shares in full,
Issuer shall immediately so notify each Holder and/or each Owner
and thereafter deliver or cause to be delivered, from time to time, to such
Holder and/or such Owner, as appropriate, the portion of the Option
Repurchase Price and the Option Share Repurchase Price, respectively, that it
is no longer prohibited from delivering, within two business days after the
date on which Issuer is no longer so prohibited; provided, however, that if
Issuer at any time after delivery of a notice of repurchase pursuant to
paragraph (b) of this Section 7 is prohibited under applicable law or
regulation, or as a consequence of administrative policy, or as a result of a
written agreement or other binding obligation with a governmental or
regulatory body or agency, from delivering to the Holder and/or the Owner, as
appropriate, the Option Repurchase Price and the Option Share Repurchase
Price, respectively, in part or in full (and Issuer hereby undertakes to use
all reasonable efforts to obtain all required regulatory and legal approvals
and to file any required notices as promptly as practicable in order to
accomplish such repurchase), such Holder or Owner may revoke its notice of
repurchase of the Option and/or the Option Shares either in whole or to the
extent of the prohibition, whereupon, in the latter case, Issuer shall
promptly (i) deliver to the Holder and/or the Owner, as appropriate,
that portion of the Option Repurchase Price and/or the Option Share
Repurchase Price that Issuer is not prohibited from delivering with respect
to Options or Option Shares as to which the Holder or the Owner, as the case
may be, has not revoked its repurchase demand; and (ii) deliver, as
appropriate, either (A) to the Holder, a new Agreement evidencing the right
of the Holder to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock obtained by
multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock for which the surrendered
Agreement was exercisable at the time of delivery of the notice of repurchase
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Option Repurchase Price less the
portion thereof theretofore delivered to the Holder and the denominator of
which is the Option Repurchase Price, and/or (B) to such Owner, a certificate
for the Option Shares it is then so prohibited from repurchasing.   (d) For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Repurchase Event" shall be deemed to have
occurred upon the occurrence of any of the following events or transactions
after the date hereof:   (i) the acquisition by any person (other than 
Grantee or any Grantee Subsidiary) of beneficial ownership of 50% or  more of
the then outstanding Common Stock; or    9  64    (ii) the consummation
of any Acquisition Transaction  described in Section 2(b)(i) hereof, except
that the percentage referred  to in clause (y) of the second sentence thereof
shall be 50%;  provided that no such event shall constitute a Repurchase
Event unless a Subsequent Triggering Event shall have occurred prior to an
Exercise Termination Event. The parties hereto agree that Issuer\'s
obligations to repurchase the Option or Option Shares under this Section 7
shall not terminate upon the occurrence of any Exercise Termination Event
unless no Subsequent Triggering Event shall have occurred prior to the
occurrence of an Exercise Termination Event.   8. (a) In the event that
prior to an Exercise Termination Event, Issuer shall enter into an agreement
(i) to consolidate with or merge into any person, other than Grantee or a
Grantee Subsidiary, or engage in a plan of exchange with any person, other
than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, and Issuer shall not be the continuing
or surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger or the acquiror in
such plan of exchange, (ii) to permit any person, other than Grantee or a
Grantee Subsidiary, to merge into Issuer or be acquired by Issuer in a plan
of exchange and Issuer shall be the continuing or surviving or acquiring
corporation, but, in connection with such merger or plan of exchange, the
then outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be changed into or exchanged
for stock or other securities of any other person or cash or any
other property or the then outstanding shares of Common Stock shall after
such merger or plan of exchange represent less than 50% of the outstanding
shares and share equivalents of the merged or acquiring company, or (iii) to
sell or otherwise transfer all or a substantial part of its or any Issuer
Subsidiary\'s consolidated assets or consolidated deposits to any person,
other than Grantee or a Grantee Subsidiary, then, and in each such case, the
agreement governing such transaction shall make proper provision so that the
Option shall, upon the consummation of any such transaction and upon the
terms and conditions set forth herein, be converted into, or exchanged for,
an option (the "Substitute Option"), at the election of any Holder, of either
(x) the Acquiring Corporation (as hereinafter defined) or (y) any person that
controls the Acquiring Corporation.  (b) The following terms have the
meanings indicated:   (i) "Acquiring Corporation" shall mean (i) the 
continuing or surviving person of a consolidation or merger with Issuer  (if
other than Issuer), (ii) the acquiring person in a plan of exchange  in which
Issuer is acquired, (iii) Issuer in a merger or plan of  exchange in which
Issuer is the continuing or surviving or acquiring  person, and (iv) the
transferee of all or a substantial part of Issuer\'s  consolidated assets or
consolidated deposits (or the assets or deposits  of an Issuer
Subsidiary).   (ii) "Substitute Common Stock" shall mean the common  stock
issued by the issuer of the Substitute Option upon exercise of the 
Substitute Option.   (iii) "Assigned Value" shall mean the Market/Offer 
Price, as defined in Section 7.    10  65    (iv) "Average Price" shall
mean the average closing  price of a share of the Substitute Common Stock for
the one year  immediately preceding the consolidation, merger, share exchange
or sale  in question, but in no event higher than the closing price of the
shares  of Substitute Common Stock on the day preceding such consolidation, 
merger, share exchange or sale; provided that if Issuer is the issuer of  the
Substitute Option, the Average Price shall be computed with respect  to a
share of common stock issued by the person merging into Issuer or  by any
company which controls or is controlled by such person, as the  Holder may
elect.   (c) The Substitute Option shall have the same terms as the
Option, provided that if the terms of the Substitute Option cannot, for legal
reasons, be the same as the Option, such terms shall, to the extent legally
permissible, be as similar as possible to, and in no event less advantageous
to the Holder than, the terms of the Option. The issuer of the Substitute
Option also shall enter into an agreement with the then Holder or Holders of
the Substitute Option in substantially the same form as this Agreement (after
giving effect for such purpose to the provisions of Section 9), which
agreement shall be applicable to the Substitute Option.   (d) The
Substitute Option shall be exercisable for such number of shares of
Substitute Common Stock as is equal to the Assigned Value multiplied by the
number of shares of Common Stock for which the Option was
exercisable immediately prior to the event described in the first sentence of
Section 8(a), divided by the Average Price. The exercise price of the
Substitute Option per share of Substitute Common Stock shall then be equal to
the Option Price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock for which the Option was exercisable
immediately prior to the event described in the first sentence of Section
8(a) and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Substitute
Common Stock for which the Substitute Option is exercisable.   (e) In no
event, pursuant to any of the foregoing paragraphs, shall the Substitute
Option be exercisable for more than 19.9% of the shares of Substitute Common
Stock outstanding prior to exercise of the Substitute Option. In the event
that the Substitute Option would be exercisable for more than 19.9% of the
shares of Substitute Common Stock outstanding prior to exercise but for this
paragraph (e), the issuer of the Substitute Option (the "Substitute
Option Issuer") shall make a cash payment to Holder equal to the excess of
(i) the value of the Substitute Option without giving effect to the
limitation in this paragraph (e) over (ii) the value of the Substitute Option
after giving effect to the limitation in this paragraph (e). This difference
in value shall be determined by a nationally-recognized investment banking
firm selected by a majority in interest of the Holders and reasonably
acceptable to the Acquiring Corporation.   (f) Issuer shall not enter into
any transaction described in paragraph (a) of this Section 8 unless the
Acquiring Corporation and any person that controls the Acquiring Corporation
assume in writing all the obligations of Issuer hereunder.   9. (a) At the
request of the holder of the Substitute Option (the "Substitute Option
Holder") delivered to the Substitute Option Issuer, the Substitute Option
Issuer shall repurchase the    11  66   Substitute Option from the
Substitute Option Holder at a price (the "Substitute Option Repurchase
Price") equal to the amount by which (i) the Highest Closing Price (as
hereinafter defined) exceeds (ii) the exercise price of the
Substitute Option, multiplied by the number of shares of Substitute Common
Stock for which the Substitute Option may then be exercised, and at the
request of each owner (the "Substitute Share Owner") of shares of Substitute
Common Stock (the "Substitute Shares"), the Substitute Option Issuer shall
repurchase the Substitute Shares at a price (the "Substitute Share Repurchase
Price") equal to the greater of (A) the Highest Closing Price and (B) the
average exercise price per share paid by the Substitute Share Owner for the
Substitute Shares so designated, multiplied by the number of Substitute
Shares so designated. The term "Highest Closing Price" shall mean the highest
closing price for shares of Substitute Common Stock within the six-month
period immediately preceding the date the Substitute Option Holder gives
notice of the required repurchase of the Substitute Option or the Substitute
Share Owner gives notice of the required repurchase of the Substitute Shares,
as applicable.   (b) Each Substitute Option Holder and Substitute
Share Owner, as the case may be, may exercise its respective right to require
the Substitute Option Issuer to repurchase the Substitute Option and the
Substitute Shares pursuant to this Section 9 by surrendering for such purpose
to the Substitute Option Issuer, at its principal office, the agreement for
such Substitute Option (or, in the absence of such an agreement, a copy of
this Agreement) and/or certificates for Substitute Shares accompanied by a
written notice or notices stating that the Substitute Option Holder or the
Substitute Share Owner, as the case may be, elects to require the Substitute
Option Issuer to repurchase the Substitute Option and/or the Substitute
Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9. As promptly as
practicable, and in any event within two business days after the surrender of
the Substitute Option and/or certificates representing Substitute Shares and
the receipt of such notice or notices relating thereto, the Substitute Option
Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Substitute Option Holder
the Substitute Option Repurchase Price and/or to the Substitute Share Owner
the Substitute Share Repurchase Price therefor, or the portion(s) thereof
which the Substitute Option Issuer is not then prohibited under applicable
law and regulation from so delivering.   (c) To the extent that the
Substitute Option Issuer is prohibited under applicable law or regulation, or
as a consequence of administrative policy, or as a result of a written
agreement or other binding obligation with a governmental or regulatory body
or agency, from repurchasing the Substitute Option and/or the Substitute
Shares in part or in full, the Substitute Option Issuer following a request
for repurchase pursuant to this Section 9 shall immediately so notify the
Substitute Option Holder and/or the Substitute Share Owner and thereafter
deliver or cause to be delivered, from time to time, to the Substitute Option
Holder and/or the Substitute Share Owner, as appropriate, the portion of the
Substitute Option Repurchase Price and/or the Substitute Share Repurchase
Price, respectively, which it is no longer prohibited from delivering, within
two business days after the date on which the Substitute Option Issuer is no
longer so prohibited; provided, however, that if the Substitute Option Issuer
is at any time after delivery of a notice of repurchase pursuant to
subsection (b) of this Section 9 prohibited under applicable law or
regulation, or as a consequence of administrative policy, or as a result of a
written agreement or other binding obligation with a governmental or
regulatory body or agency, from delivering to the Substitute    12 
67   Option Holder and/or the Substitute Share Owner, as appropriate, the
Substitute Option Repurchase Price and the Substitute Share Repurchase Price,
respectively, in full (and the Substitute Option Issuer shall use all
reasonable efforts to obtain all required regulatory and legal approvals as
promptly as practicable in order to accomplish such repurchase), the
Substitute Option Holder and/or Substitute Share Owner may revoke its notice
of repurchase of the Substitute Option or the Substitute Shares either in
whole or to the extent of the prohibition, whereupon, in the latter case, the
Substitute Option Issuer shall promptly (i) deliver to the Substitute Option
Holder or Substitute Share Owner, as appropriate, that portion of the
Substitute Option Repurchase Price or the Substitute Share Repurchase Price
that the Substitute Option Issuer is not prohibited from delivering; and (ii)
deliver, as appropriate, either (A) to the Substitute Option Holder, a new
Substitute Option evidencing the right of the Substitute Option Holder to
purchase that number of shares of the Substitute Common Stock obtained by
multiplying the number of shares of the Substitute Common Stock for which the
surrendered Substitute Option was exercisable at the time of delivery of the
notice of repurchase by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Substitute
Option Repurchase Price less the portion thereof theretofore delivered to the
Substitute Option Holder and the denominator of which is the Substitute
Option Repurchase Price, and/or (B) to the Substitute Share Owner, a
certificate for the Substitute Option Shares it is then so prohibited from
repurchasing.   10. The 90-day or six-month periods for exercise of certain
rights under Sections 2, 6, 7 and 9 shall be extended: (i) to the extent
necessary to obtain all regulatory approvals for the exercise of such rights
(for so long as the Holder, Owner, Substitute Option Holder or Substitute
Share Owner, as the case may be, is using its reasonable best efforts to
obtain such regulatory approvals), and for the expiration of all statutory
waiting periods; (ii) during the pendency of any order, injunction or
judgment that prohibits or delays exercise of such rights; and (iii) to the
extent necessary to avoid liability under Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act by
reason of such exercise.   11. (a) Issuer hereby represents and warrants to
Grantee as follows:   (i) Issuer has full corporate power and authority
to  execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and  the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly  and
validly authorized by the Issuer Board and no other corporate  proceedings on
the part of Issuer are necessary to authorize this  Agreement or to
consummate the transactions so contemplated. This  Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by Issuer.   (ii) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement,  the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and compliance  by Issuer with any of the provisions
hereof will not (i) conflict with  or result in a breach of any provision of
its Charter or Bylaws or a  default (or give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation or  acceleration) under any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any  note, bond, debenture, mortgage, indenture,
license, material agreement  or other material instrument or obligation to
which Issuer is a party,  or by which it or any of its properties or assets
may be bound, or (ii)  violate any order,    13  68    writ,
injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to  Issuer or any
of its properties or assets.   (iii) Issuer has taken all necessary
corporate action  to authorize and reserve and to permit it to issue, and at
all times  from the date hereof through the termination of this Agreement
in  accordance with its terms will have reserved for issuance upon the 
exercise of the Option, that number of shares of Common Stock equal to  the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock at any time and from time  to time
issuable hereunder, and all such shares, upon issuance pursuant  thereto,
will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and  nonassessable, and
will be delivered free and clear of all claims,  liens, encumbrances and
security interests and not subject to any  preemptive rights.   (b) Grantee
hereby represents and warrants to Issuer that:   (i) Grantee has full
corporate power and authority  to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations  hereunder. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Grantee and  the performance of its obligations hereunder by
Grantee have been duly  and validly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of  Grantee and no other corporate proceedings on the part
of Grantee are  necessary to authorize this Agreement for Grantee to perform
its  obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed  and delivered by Grantee.   (ii) The Option is not being, and any
shares of  Common Stock or other securities acquired by Grantee upon exercise
of  the Option will not be, acquired with a view to the public distribution 
thereof and will not be transferred or otherwise disposed of except in a 
transaction registered or exempt from registration under the 1933 Act  and
any applicable securities offering rules of a federal or state  banking
authority.   12. Neither of the parties hereto may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or the Option
created hereunder to any other person, without the express written consent of
the other party, except that in the event a Subsequent Triggering Event shall
have occurred prior to an Exercise Termination Event, Grantee, subject to the
express provisions hereof, may assign in whole or in part its rights and
obligations hereunder, provided, however, that until the date 15 days
following the date on which the Federal Reserve Board approves an application
by Grantee under the BHCA to acquire the shares of Common Stock subject to
the Option, Grantee may not assign its rights under the Option except in (i)
a widely dispersed public distribution, (ii) a private placement in which no
one party acquires the right to purchase in excess of 2% of the voting shares
of Issuer, (iii) an assignment to a single party (e.g., a broker or
investment banker) for the sole purpose of conducting a widely dispersed
public distribution on Grantee\'s behalf or (iv) any other manner approved by
the Federal Reserve Board.   13. Each of Grantee and Issuer will use all
reasonable efforts to make all filings with, and to obtain consents of, all
third parties and governmental authorities necessary to the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without
limitation, applying to the    14  69   Federal Reserve Board under the
BHCA for approval to acquire the shares issuable hereunder and applying for
listing or quotation of such shares on any exchange or quotation system on
which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted.   14. (a) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, in no event shall the Grantee\'s Total
Profit (as hereinafter defined) exceed $10,000,000 (the "Maximum Profit")
and, if it otherwise would exceed such amount, the Grantee, at its sole
election, shall either (i) reduce the number of shares of Common Stock
subject to this Option, (ii) deliver to the Issuer for cancellation Option
Shares previously purchased by Grantee, (iii) pay cash to the Issuer or (iv)
any combination thereof, so that Grantee\'s actually realized Total Profit
shall not exceed the Maximum Profit after taking into account the foregoing
actions. As used herein, the term "Total Profit" shall mean the aggregate
amount (before taxes) of the following: (i) the amount received by Grantee
pursuant to Issuer\'s repurchase of the Option (or any portion
thereof) pursuant to Section 7 hereof, (ii) (x) the amount received by
Grantee pursuant to Issuer\'s repurchase of the Option Shares pursuant to
Section 7 hereof, less (y) the Grantee\'s purchase price for such Option
Shares, (iii) (x) the net cash amounts received by Grantee pursuant to the
sale of Option Shares (or any other securities into which such Option Shares
are converted or exchanged) to any unaffiliated party, less (y) the
Grantee\'s purchase price of such Option Shares, (iv) any amounts received by
Grantee on the transfer of the Option (or any portion thereof) to any
unaffiliated party and (v) any equivalent amount with respect to the
Substitute Option.   (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, this Option may not be exercised for a number of shares as would,
as of the date of exercise, result in a Notional Total Profit (as hereinafter
defined) of more than the Maximum Profit, provided that nothing in this
sentence shall restrict any exercise of the Option permitted hereby on any
subsequent date. As used herein, the term "Notional Total Profit" with
respect to any number of shares as to which Grantee may propose to exercise
this Option shall be the Total Profit determined as of the date of such
proposed exercise assuming that this Option were exercised on such date for
such number of shares and assuming that such shares, together with all other
Option Shares held by Grantee and its affiliates as of such date, were sold
for cash at the closing market price for the Common Stock as of the close of
business on the preceding trading day (less customary brokerage
commissions).   15. The parties hereto acknowledge that damages would be
an inadequate remedy for a breach of this Agreement by either party hereto
and that the obligations of the parties hereto shall be enforceable by either
party hereto through injunctive or other equitable relief. In connection
therewith, both parties waive the posting of any bond or similar
requirement.   16. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction contained
in this Agreement is held by a court or a federal or state regulatory agency
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder
of the terms, provisions and covenants and restrictions contained in this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and shall in no way be
affected, impaired or invalidated. If for any reason such court or regulatory
agency determines that the Holder is not permitted to acquire, or Issuer or
Substitute Option Issuer, as the case may be, is not permitted to repurchase
pursuant to Section 7 or Section 9, as the case may be, the full number of
shares of    15  70   Common Stock provided in Section l(a) hereof (as
adjusted pursuant to Section l(b) or Section 5 hereof), it is the express
intention of Issuer (which shall be binding on the Substitute Option Issuer)
to allow the Holder to acquire or to require Issuer or Substitute Option
Issuer, as the case may be, to repurchase such lesser number of shares as may
be permissible, without any amendment or modification hereof.   17. All
notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, by fax, telecopy
or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt
requested) at the respective addresses of the parties set forth in
the Consolidation Agreement.   18. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maine, without regard
to the conflict of law principles thereof.   19. This Agreement may be
executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.  
20. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each of the parties hereto
shall bear and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder, including fees and
expenses of its own financial consultants, investment bankers, accountants
and counsel.   21. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in
the Consolidation Agreement, this Agreement contains the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder
and supersedes all prior arrangements or understandings with respect
thereof, written or oral. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the
parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns any
rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this
Agreement, except as expressly provided herein.   22. Capitalized terms
used in this Agreement and not defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned thereto in the Consolidation Agreement.    16  71   IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be executed on its
behalf by its officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first
above written.   METROWEST BANK     By: 
-----------------------------------------  Name: John J. McArdle III  Title:
Chief Executive Officer    BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.    By: 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Peter J. Verrill  Title:
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating  Officer and Chief Executive
Officer     17   '

