<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.1
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1








                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER





                                  BY AND AMONG

                                  XTRANA, INC.,

                             AIC MERGER CORPORATION

                                       AND

                           ALPHA INNOTECH CORPORATION





                          DATED AS OF DECEMBER 14, 2004





<PAGE>


                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

         This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  ("AGREEMENT")  made this 14th day of
December, 2004 is entered into by and among Xtrana, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("XTRANA"),  AIC Merger Corporation,  a California  corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Xtrana ("MERGERCO"),  and Alpha Innotech Corporation, a California
corporation ("AIC").  Xtrana,  MergerCo and AIC are sometimes referred to herein
individually as a "PARTY" and collectively as the "PARTIES."

                                    RECITALS:

         A. The  Parties  intend  to  effect  the  acquisition  of AIC by Xtrana
through the statutory  merger of MergerCo  with and into AIC in accordance  with
this Agreement and the CGCL, upon the  consummation of which MergerCo will cease
to exist as a separate entity and AIC will survive as a wholly-owned  subsidiary
of Xtrana.

         B. The  respective  Boards of Directors of each of the Parties have (i)
determined  that  this  Agreement  and  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,
including the Merger (as defined below), are advisable and in the best interests
of  their  respective  stockholders  and (ii)  adopted  this  Agreement  and the
transactions contemplated hereby.

         C. In connection  with the  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement,
Xtrana has agreed to make a loan to AIC in the amount of  $500,000  pursuant  to
the terms of the Promissory Note (as defined below), upon completion of the Note
Conversion.

         D. It its  contemplated  that prior to the  Effective  Time Xtrana will
effect a one-for-ten reverse split of its Common Stock.

         E. The  Parties  desire to make  certain  representations,  warranties,
covenants and  agreements  in  connection  with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.

                                   AGREEMENT:

         NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the  representations,  warranties,
covenants and  agreements  contained in this  Agreement,  and for other good and
valuable  consideration,   the  receipt  and  sufficient  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.       DEFINITIONS.

         1.1      CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.  The following terms used herein, as used
in this Agreement, shall have the following meanings:

                  "AFFILIATE"  of any  specified  Person  means any other Person
directly or indirectly  Controlling or Controlled by or under direct or indirect
common Control with such specified Person.

                  "AIC COMMON  EXCHANGE RATIO" means  0.1136072,  as adjusted to
reflect  appropriately the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend (including any


                                       2
<PAGE>


dividend or  distribution of securities  convertible  into Xtrana Common Stock),
reorganization,  recapitalization,  reclassification  or other like  change with
respect to Xtrana  Common Stock  occurring on or after the date hereof and prior
to the Effective Time, other than the Reverse Stock Split.

                  "AIC COMMON STOCK" means the Common Stock of AIC.

                  "AIC  INDEMNIFICATION  SHARES" means 500,000 additional shares
of Xtrana Common Stock (as adjusted to reflect  appropriately  the effect of any
stock split,  reverse stock split,  stock  dividend  (including  any dividend or
distribution   of   securities    convertible   into   Xtrana   Common   Stock),
reorganization,  recapitalization,  reclassification  or other like  change with
respect to Xtrana  Common Stock  occurring on or after the date hereof and prior
to the Effective Time except for the Reverse Stock Split), which shares shall be
deposited at Closing in escrow,  to be held pursuant to the terms and conditions
of this  Agreement  and the  Escrow  Agreement  for the  purpose  of  satisfying
Xtrana's  indemnification  obligations,  if any,  set forth in SECTION 9 of this
Agreement.  For avoidance of doubt,  the  foregoing  number has been adjusted to
reflect to the anticipated Reverse Stock Split.

                  "AIC  INDEMNIFIED  PARTIES" means AIC and its Affiliates,  and
each of their respective  officers,  directors,  agents and  representatives and
each of the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing.

                  "AIC POST-MERGER  REPRESENTATIVE" means William Snider or such
other individual as may be selected by the AIC Shareholders immediately prior to
the  Effective  Time,  and who  shall  act as the  agent of the AIC  Indemnified
Parties for purposes of representing  and protecting  their interests under this
SECTION 9.

                  "AIC SERIES A PREFERRED  EXCHANGE RATIO" means  0.2868318,  as
adjusted to reflect  appropriately the effect of any stock split,  reverse stock
split,  stock  dividend  (including any dividend or  distribution  of securities
convertible  into  Xtrana  Common  Stock),   reorganization,   recapitalization,
reclassification  or other  like  change  with  respect to Xtrana  Common  Stock
occurring  on or after the date hereof and prior to the  Effective  Time,  other
than the Reverse Stock Split.

                  "AIC SERIES A-1 PREFERRED EXCHANGE RATIO" means 0.2868318,  as
adjusted to reflect  appropriately the effect of any stock split,  reverse stock
split,  stock  dividend  (including any dividend or  distribution  of securities
convertible  into  Xtrana  Common  Stock),   reorganization,   recapitalization,
reclassification  or other  like  change  with  respect to Xtrana  Common  Stock
occurring  on or after the date hereof and prior to the  Effective  Time,  other
than the Reverse Stock Split.

                  "AIC  SERIES A PREFERRED  STOCK"  means the Series A Preferred
Stock of AIC.

                  "AIC  SERIES  A-1  PREFERRED   STOCK"  means  the  Series  A-1
Preferred Stock of AIC.

                  "AIC SHARES" means,  collectively,  the AIC Common Stock,  AIC
Series A Preferred Stock and AIC Series A-1 Preferred Stock.


                                       3
<PAGE>


                  "AIC SHAREHOLDERS" means, collectively, the holders of the AIC
Common Stock, AIC Series A Preferred Stock and AIC Series A-1 Preferred Stock.

                  "BENEFIT  PLAN" means any collective  bargaining  agreement or
any  bonus,   pension,   profit  sharing,   deferred   compensation,   incentive
compensation,  stock  ownership,  stock  purchase,  phantom  stock,  retirement,
vacation,  severance,  disability,  death benefit,  hospitalization,  medical or
other plan,  arrangement or understanding (whether or not legally binding) under
which a Party to this Agreement  currently has an obligation to provide benefits
to any current or former employee, officer or director of such Party.

                  "CGCL" means the California General Corporation Law.

                  "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

                  "CONTROL,"  when used with  respect to any  specified  Person,
means the power to direct the management  and policies of such Person,  directly
or indirectly,  whether through the ownership of voting securities,  by contract
or otherwise.

                  "EFFECTIVE  TIME"  means the date and time the Merger  becomes
effective as specified in the Certificate of Merger or as otherwise  provided in
accordance with the CGCL.

                  "ENVIRONMENTAL  LAWS"  means all  applicable  laws,  statutes,
by-laws and regulations of any Governmental Entity relating to protection of the
environment, pollution control, product registration and Hazardous Materials.

                  "ESCROW  AGREEMENT"  means the Escrow  Agreement to be entered
into  by and  among  Xtrana,  the AIC  Post-Merger  Representative,  the  Xtrana
Post-Merger Representative and a mutually acceptable escrow agent, substantially
in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT B.

                  "ESCROW SHARES" means,  collectively,  the Holdback Shares and
the AIC Indemnification Shares.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

                  "GAAP"  means  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  as
applied in the United States of America.

                  "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY" means any national, state, municipal, or
other government or any court, administrative or regulatory agency or commission
or other governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign.

                  "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means any waste, pollutant, contaminant,
hazardous  substance,   toxic,  ignitable,   reactive  or  corrosive  substance,
hazardous  waste,  special  waste,  industrial  substance,  by-product,  process
intermediate  product or waste,  petroleum  or  petroleum-derived  substance  or
waste,   chemical  liquids  or  solids,  liquid  or  gaseous  products,  or  any
constituent  of any such  substance or waste,  the use,  handling or disposal of
which by the  Company is in any way  governed  by or  subject to any  applicable
Environmental Law.


                                       4
<PAGE>


                  "HOLDBACK   SHARES"   means,   out  of  Xtrana   Common  Stock
constituting the Merger Consideration, 500,000 shares of Xtrana Common Stock (as
adjusted to reflect  appropriately the effect of any stock split,  reverse stock
split,  stock  dividend  (including any dividend or  distribution  of securities
convertible  into  Xtrana  Common  Stock),   reorganization,   recapitalization,
reclassification  or other  like  change  with  respect to Xtrana  Common  Stock
occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time except for
the Reverse Stock Split),  which shares shall be deposited at Closing in escrow,
to be held pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Escrow
Agreement for the purpose of satisfying AIC's  indemnification  obligations,  if
any,  set forth in SECTION 9 of this  Agreement.  For  avoidance  of doubt,  the
foregoing  number has been adjusted to reflect to the anticipated  Reverse Stock
Split.

                  "INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY"  means any and all United  States and
foreign:  (i)  patent  registrations  and  patent  applications  (including  all
reissues,  divisions,  continuations,   continuations-in-part,   extensions  and
reexaminations)  and all rights therein and all  improvements  to the inventions
disclosed in each such  registration or application,  (ii)  trademarks,  service
marks, trade dress, trade names and corporate names,  whether or not registered,
including  but not  limited to all  common law  rights,  and  registrations  and
applications  for  registration  thereof,  (iii)  copyrights  (including but not
limited to copyrights on designs)  (registered or otherwise)  and  registrations
and applications for registration  thereof,  (iv) computer software,  including,
without limitation,  source code,  operating systems and  specifications,  data,
data bases, files,  documentation and other materials related thereto,  data and
documentation,  (v)  trade  secrets  and  confidential  technical  and  business
information (including but not limited to formulas, compositions, and inventions
reduced to practice,  whether or not patentable),  (vi) confidential  technology
(including  know-how and show-how),  manufacturing and production  processes and
techniques,  research and  development  information,  drawings,  specifications,
designs,  plans,  proposals,  technical data,  copyrightable  works,  financial,
marketing  and  business  data,  pricing  and  cost  information,  business  and
marketing plans and customer and supplier lists and information, (vii) any right
arising  under any law providing  protection  to  industrial  or other  designs,
(viii) all rights to obtain and  rights to apply for  patents,  and to  register
trademarks  and  copyrights,  and (ix) all rights to sue or  recover  and retain
damages and costs and attorneys fees for present and past infringement of any of
the foregoing.

                  "LICENSES"   means  all   notifications,   licenses,   permits
(including,  without  limitation,  environmental,   construction  and  operation
permits),  franchises,  certificates,  approvals,  exemptions,  classifications,
registrations  and  other  similar  documents  and  authorizations  issued  by a
Governmental Entity, and applications therefor.

                  "LIENS"  mean  all   mortgages,   liens,   pledges,   security
interests,   charges,  claims,  restrictions  and  encumbrances  of  any  nature
whatsoever, other than Permitted Liens.

                  "MARKET  PRICE" means the average of the closing bid and asked
prices for the Xtrana Common Stock, as reported on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin
Board, for the ten (10) trading day period commencing on the Closing Date and as
adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split.

                  "MATERIAL  ADVERSE CHANGE" or "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means,
when used in  connection  with AIC or Xtrana,  any change or effect  that either
individually  or in the  aggregate  with all other  such  changes  or effects is
materially adverse to the business, assets, properties,


                                       5
<PAGE>


condition  (financial  or  otherwise) or results of operations of such Party and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

                  "MERGER"  means  the  merger  of  MergerCo  with  and into AIC
pursuant to this Agreement and the CGCL.

                  "MERGERCO COMMON STOCK" means the Common Stock of MergerCo.

                  "MERGER  CONSIDERATION"  means that number of shares of Xtrana
Common Stock computed using the following formula:

                       MC =     (OS/0.17) - OS

                       WHERE: MC =  the number of shares of  Xtrana Common Stock
                                    constituting the Merger Consideration.
                              OS =  the number of shares of  Xtrana Common Stock
                                    issued  and outstanding immediately prior to
                                    the Effective Time.


                  "MINIMUM   CLOSING   DATE  CASH"  means  an  amount  equal  to
$2,950,000 LESS (i) the Audit Fees, and (ii) all other  out-of-pocket  costs and
expenses  incurred by Xtrana on or after January 1, 2005 and through the Closing
Date which  would not have  otherwise  been  incurred by Xtrana but for delay in
consummation of the Merger resulting from the necessity of such audit of the AIC
financial  statements,  including,  but not limited to, the  consulting  fees of
$5,000  per month  payable to James  Chamberlain  for  serving as interim  Chief
Executive  Officer and interim Chief Financial  Officer of Xtrana,  the director
fees incurred by Xtrana  (consistent with past practice and policy),  consulting
fees for the services of Dennis  Lineberry,  and similar  direct costs  incurred
after  January 1, 2005 and through the Closing  Date,  but not  exceeding in the
aggregate $15,000 per month,  unless otherwise agreed in writing between AIC and
Xtrana.

                  "PERMITTED  LIENS"  means (i) liens  for  taxes,  assessments,
governmental  charges,  or claims  that are  being  contested  in good  faith by
appropriate  proceedings  and  only  to the  extent  that  a  reserve  or  other
appropriate  provision,  if any, has been made on the face of the AIC  Financial
Statements  in an amount equal to the  liability for which the lien is asserted,
(ii) statutory  liens of landlords and  warehousemen's,  carriers',  mechanics',
suppliers',   materialmen's,   repairmen's,   or  other  like  liens  (including
contractual  landlords'  liens)  arising in the ordinary  course of business and
with respect to amounts not yet  delinquent or being  contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings,  only to the extent that a reserve or other appropriate
provision,  if any, has been made on the face of the AIC Financial Statements in
an amount equal to the liability for which the lien is asserted; and (iii) liens
incurred or deposits made in the ordinary  course of business in connection with
workers' compensation,  unemployment insurance and other similar types of social
security.


                                       6
<PAGE>


                  "PERSON"  means  any  individual,  corporation,   partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture,  trust,  unincorporated  organization,
government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or other entity.

                  "POST-MERGER   REPRESENTATIVES"   means  the  AIC  Post-Merger
Representative and the Xtrana Post-Merger Representative.

                  "PROMISSORY  NOTE" means that certain Secured  Promissory Note
in the principal amount of $500,000 to be made by AIC in favor of Xtrana, in the
form attached hereto as EXHIBIT A.

                  "SEC"  means  the  United  States   Securities   and  Exchange
Commission.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                  "SUBSIDIARY" of any Person means another Person,  an amount of
the voting securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership interests of
another Person,  which are sufficient to elect at least a majority of such other
Person's  board of directors or other  governing  body (or, if there are no such
voting  interests,  fifty  percent (50%) or more of such other  Person's  equity
interests).

                  "TAXES" means all taxes,  assessments,  charges, duties, fees,
levies or other governmental charges (including interest, penalties or additions
associated  therewith),   including  income,  franchise,   capital  stock,  real
property, personal property, tangible, withholding,  employment, payroll, social
security, social contribution,  unemployment compensation, disability, transfer,
sales, use, excise, gross receipts,  value-added and all other taxes of any kind
for which a Person may have any liability  imposed by any  Governmental  Entity,
whether disputed or not, and any charges,  interest or penalties  imposed by any
Governmental Entity.

                  "TAX RETURN" means any report,  return,  declaration  or other
information  required to be supplied to a Governmental Entity in connection with
Taxes,  including  estimated  returns and reports of every kind with  respect to
Taxes.

                  "XTRANA COMMON STOCK" means the Common Stock,  par value $0.01
per share, of Xtrana.

                  "XTRANA INDEMNIFIED  PARTIES" means Xtrana and its Affiliates,
and each of their respective officers, directors, agents and representatives and
each of the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing.

                  "XTRANA POST-MERGER REPRESENTATIVE" means James H. Chamberlain
or such other  individual  as may be selected  by the  holders of Xtrana  Common
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time, and who shall act as the agent of
the Xtrana Indemnified Parties for purposes of representing and protecting their
interests under this SECTION 9.

         1.2      OTHER  DEFINITIONS.  The  following  terms are  defined in the
following sections of this Agreement:


                                       7
<PAGE>


         DEFINED TERM                                                    SECTION
         ------------                                                    -------
         ABI.......................................................       4.17
         ABI Agreements............................................       4.17
         AIC.......................................................     Preamble
         AIC Audited Financial Statements..........................        6.2
         AIC Contracts.............................................       3.17
         AIC Disclosure Schedule...................................         3
         AIC Financial Statements..................................        3.6
         AIC Intellectual Property.................................       3.21
         AIC Shareholders' Approval................................       3.33
         AIC Subsidiaries..........................................        3.2
         Agreement.................................................     Preamble
         Assumed Options and Warrants..............................       2.9.8
         Audit Fees................................................        6.2
         Certificate of Merger.....................................        2.3
         Certificates..............................................      2.10.1
         Claims Deadline...........................................        9.2
         Closing...................................................        2.2
         Closing Date..............................................        2.2
         Damages...................................................       9.3.1
         Deferred Compensation.....................................       6.11
         Hearing Notice............................................        6.3
         Hearing Request...........................................        6.3
         Indemnification Termination Period........................        9.4
         Indemnitee................................................        9.4
         Independent Accountants...................................        6.2
         Letter of Transmittal.....................................      2.10.1
         MergerCo..................................................     Preamble
         Merger Share Certificate..................................      2.10.2
         NIST Agreement............................................       4.17
         Note Conversion...........................................        3.3
         Notice Materials..........................................        6.3
         Party(ies)................................................     Preamble
         Permit....................................................        6.3
         Proxy Statement...........................................        4.8
         Reverse Stock Split.......................................       6.4.2
         Secretary of State........................................        2.3
         Surviving Corporation.....................................        2.1
         Terminated Xtrana Contracts...............................       4.18
         Notice Materials..........................................        6.3
         US Army Agreement.........................................       4.17
         Xtrana Contracts..........................................       4.18
         Xtrana Disclosure Schedule................................         4
         Xtrana SEC Documents......................................       4.6.1
         Xtrana Stockholders' Approval.............................       4.15
         Xtrana Stockholders' Meeting..............................       6.4.2


                                       8
<PAGE>


2.       THE MERGER.

         2.1      THE MERGER.  Upon the terms and subject to the  conditions set
forth in this  Agreement,  and in accordance  with the CGCL,  MergerCo  shall be
merged with and into AIC at the  Effective  Time.  At the  Effective  Time,  the
separate  existence  of  MergerCo  shall  cease,  and AIC shall  continue as the
surviving  corporation following the Merger (the "SURVIVING  CORPORATION").  The
corporate  existence  of  AIC,  with  all  its  purposes,   rights,  privileges,
franchises,  powers and objects, shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the
Merger and, as the  Surviving  Corporation,  it shall be governed by the laws of
the State of California.  As a result of the Merger,  the outstanding  shares of
capital stock of AIC and MergerCo  shall be converted or cancelled in the manner
provided in SECTION 2.9.

         2.2      CLOSING.  Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated and
the  transactions  herein  contemplated  shall have been  abandoned  pursuant to
SECTION 8.1 and subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where  applicable) of the
conditions  set forth in SECTION 7, the  closing of the Merger  (the  "CLOSING")
will take place at 10:00 a.m. on the first  business day after  satisfaction  of
the  conditions  set forth in  SECTION 7 (or as soon as  practicable  thereafter
following  satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in SECTION 7) (the
"CLOSING  DATE"),  at the  offices of Stubbs  Alderton & Markiles,  LLP,  unless
another date, time or place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

         2.3      ACTIONS AND  DELIVERIES AT CLOSING.  An agreement of merger in
the form attached  hereto as EXHIBIT C (the  "CERTIFICATE  OF MERGER")  shall be
duly  prepared and  executed,  and shall be filed with the Secretary of State of
the State of California  (the  "SECRETARY OF STATE") in accordance with the CGCL
on the Closing Date.  The Merger shall become  effective  upon the filing of the
Certificate  of Merger with the Secretary of State,  or at such other time as is
permissible in accordance with the CGCL and as Xtrana and AIC shall agree should
be specified in the Certificate of Merger. In addition, at the Closing,

                  2.3.1    AIC will deliver to Xtrana:

                           (a)      An officers'  certificate,  substantially in
the form of  EXHIBIT  D, duly  executed  on AIC's  behalf,  as to  whether  each
condition  specified in SECTIONS  7.2.1 through 7.2.7 has been  satisfied in all
respects.

                           (b)      A Secretary's certificate,  substantially in
the form of EXHIBIT E, duly executed on AIC's behalf.

                           (c)      The Escrow  Agreement,  duly executed by the
AIC Post-Merger Representative.

                           (d)      A  legal   opinion   of   counsel   to  AIC,
substantially in the form of EXHIBIT F hereto.


                                       9
<PAGE>


                  2.3.2    Xtrana will deliver to AIC:

                           (a)      An officers'  certificate,  substantially in
the form of EXHIBIT G, duly  executed  on Xtrana and  MergerCo's  behalf,  as to
whether  each  condition  specified  in SECTIONS  7.3.1  through  7.3.5 has been
satisfied in all respects.

                           (b)      A Secretary's certificate,  substantially in
the form of EXHIBIT H, duly executed on each of Xtrana's and MergerCo's behalf.

                           (c)      The  Escrow  Agreement,   duly  executed  by
Xtrana and the Xtrana Post-Merger Representative.

                           (d)      A  legal   opinion  of  counsel  to  Xtrana,
substantially in the form of EXHIBIT I hereto.

                  2.3.3    Xtrana will  deliver the Escrow  Shares to the escrow
agent pursuant to the Escrow Agreement.

         2.4      EFFECTS OF THE MERGER.  Subject to the foregoing,  the effects
of the Merger shall be as provided in the applicable  provisions of the CGCL. At
the Effective Time all MergerCo's  property,  rights,  privileges,  powers,  and
franchises will vest in the Surviving Corporation,  and all debts,  liabilities,
and  duties  of  MergerCo  will  become  the  Surviving   Corporation's   debts,
liabilities, and duties.

         2.5      GOVERNING  DOCUMENTS OF THE SURVIVING  CORPORATION.  As of the
Effective  Time,  by virtue of the Merger and  without any action on the part of
Parties:

                  2.5.1    ARTICLES   OF   INCORPORATION.    The   Articles   of
Incorporation of the Surviving  Corporation shall be amended and restated in its
entirety to read as set forth on EXHIBIT J hereto; and

                  2.5.2    BYLAWS.  The Bylaws of AIC, as in effect  immediately
prior to the Effective  Time, will be the Surviving  Corporation's  Bylaws until
thereafter amended.

         2.6      DIRECTORS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION. At the Effective Time,
the Board of  Directors of the  Surviving  Corporation  shall  consist of Haseeb
Chaudhry  and Darryl Ray,  who shall  serve as the  directors  of the  Surviving
Corporation,  each of such  directors to hold office,  subject to the applicable
provisions  of the  Articles  of  Incorporation  and  Bylaws  of  the  Surviving
Corporation,  in each case,  until their  respective  successors shall have been
elected and qualified or until otherwise provided by law. All other directors of
MergerCo  immediately prior to the Effective Time shall resign,  effective as of
the Effective Time.

         2.7      OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING  CORPORATION.  At the Effective Time
the officers of MergerCo  immediately  prior to the Effective Time shall resign,
effective  as of the  Effective  Time,  and shall be replaced  by the  following
individuals:

                  Haseeb Chaudhry........  President and Chief Executive Officer
                  Darryl Ray, Ph.D.......  Chief Financial Officer and Secretary


                                       10
<PAGE>


who  shall  serve  as  officers  of the  Surviving  Corporation  subject  to the
applicable  provisions  of the  Articles  of  Incorporation  and  Bylaws  of the
Surviving  Corporation,  in each case, until their  respective  successors shall
have been duly appointed or until otherwise provided by law.

         2.8      EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK OF MERGERCO. At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without  any action on the part of the holder  thereof,
each share of MergerCo Common Stock issued and outstanding  immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall  automatically be converted into and become one validly
issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable  share of Common  Stock of the  Surviving
Corporation.

         2.9      EFFECT ON CAPITAL  STOCK OF AIC.  At the  Effective  Time,  by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof:

                  2.9.1    AGGREGATE   CONSIDERATION   TO  BE  RECEIVED  BY  AIC
SHAREHOLDERS  AND  ESCROW.  The  aggregate  merger  consideration  issued at the
Effective  Time  to  AIC  Shareholders  will  be  that  number  of  fully  paid,
nonassessable   shares  of  Xtrana   Common   Stock   constituting   the  Merger
Consideration,  which  number  includes  the  Holdback  Shares).  To the  extent
necessary,  the  Parties  shall make  appropriate  adjustment  to the AIC Common
Exchange  Ratios,  AIC  Series A  Preferred  Exchange  Ratio and AIC  Series A-1
Preferred  Ratio,  as  applicable,  to  ensure  that the  shares  issued  at the
Effective Time to the AIC Shareholders (including the Holdback Shares) shall not
exceed the Merger Consideration. Of the total Merger Consideration,  that number
of shares of Xtrana  Common  Stock  constituting  the  Holdback  Shares shall be
deposited at Closing in escrow, along with the AIC Indemnification  Shares which
shall be  deposited in escrow at Closing by Xtrana,  to be held  pursuant to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Escrow  Agreement  until released
for distribution to the AIC Shareholders or for cancellation.

                  2.9.2    CONVERSION  OF AIC  COMMON  STOCK.  Each  issued  and
outstanding share of AIC Common Stock (other than shares of AIC Common Stock, if
any, that are held by Xtrana or MergerCo)  shall be converted  into the right to
receive  that  number of fully paid and  nonassessable  shares of Xtrana  Common
Stock equal to the AIC Common Exchange Ratio, subject in all respects to SECTION
2.9.1 and the Escrow Agreement.

                  2.9.3    CONVERSION  OF AIC  SERIES A  PREFERRED  STOCK.  Each
issued and outstanding  share of AIC Series A Preferred Stock (other than shares
of AIC Series A Preferred  Stock,  if any,  that are held by Xtrana or MergerCo)
shall be  converted  into the right to  receive  that  number of fully  paid and
nonassessable  shares of Xtrana Common Stock equal to the AIC Series A Preferred
Exchange  Ratio,  subject  in all  respects  to  SECTION  2.9.1  and the  Escrow
Agreement.

                  2.9.4    CONVERSION  OF AIC SERIES A-1 PREFERRED  STOCK.  Each
issued and  outstanding  share of AIC Series A-1  Preferred  Stock  (other  than
shares of AIC Series A-1  Preferred  Stock,  if any,  that are held by Xtrana or
MergerCo) shall be converted into the right to receive that number of fully paid
and  nonassessable  shares of Xtrana  Common  Stock  equal to the AIC Series A-1
Preferred  Exchange  Ratio,  subject in all  respects  to SECTION  2.9.1 and the
Escrow Agreement.


                                       11
<PAGE>


                  2.9.5    CANCELLATION  OF  TREASURY  SHARES AND SHARES HELD BY
XTRANA.  Any and all AIC  Shares  owned by  Xtrana  or  MergerCo  or held in the
treasury of AIC shall be cancelled and cease to exist at the Effective Time, and
no consideration shall be paid with respect thereto.

                  2.9.6    NO FRACTIONAL  SHARES. No fractional shares of Xtrana
Common Stock shall be issued in the Merger.  If the number of shares a holder of
AIC Shares holds immediately  prior to the Closing  multiplied by the applicable
exchange  ratio would  result in the  issuance of a  fractional  share of Xtrana
Common  Stock,  that product will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of
shares of Xtrana  Common Stock if it is less than the fraction of one-half  (.5)
of one share of Xtrana  Common Stock or round up to the nearest  whole number of
shares of Xtrana  Common  Stock if the said  product is equal to or greater than
the fraction of one-half (.5) of one share of Xtrana Common Stock.

                  2.9.7    CANCELLATION AND RETIREMENT OF AIC SHARES.  As of the
Effective Time, all AIC Shares issued and outstanding  immediately  prior to the
Effective  Time  shall no  longer be  outstanding  and  shall  automatically  be
cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate
representing  any such AIC Shares  shall cease to have any rights  with  respect
thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration per share upon the
surrender of such  certificate  in  accordance  with SECTION  2.10,  without any
interest thereon, subject to any applicable withholding tax.

                  2.9.8    STOCK  OPTIONS AND WARRANTS.  At the Effective  Time,
all  options to purchase  shares of AIC Common  Stock then  outstanding  and all
warrants  to purchase  shares of AIC Common  Stock or AIC  Preferred  Stock then
outstanding, in each case whether vested or unvested, shall be assumed by Xtrana
or replaced with Xtrana options and warrants on  substantially  identical  terms
(the "ASSUMED  OPTIONS AND  WARRANTS") in  accordance  with this SECTION  2.9.8,
provided  that  warrants  to  purchase  shares of AIC  Preferred  Stock  will be
exercisable  into shares of Xtrana  Common Stock based on the relevant  Exchange
Ratio. Each Assumed Option and Warrant will continue to have, and be subject to,
the same terms and conditions of such options immediately prior to the Effective
Time (including, without limitation, any repurchase rights or vesting provisions
and provisions  regarding the acceleration of vesting on certain  transactions),
except that (i) each  Assumed  Option and Warrant will be  exercisable  (or will
become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number of whole shares
of Xtrana  Common  Stock  equal to the  product  of the  number of shares of AIC
Common  Stock that were  issuable  upon  exercise  of such AIC option or warrant
immediately  prior to the Effective Time  multiplied by the AIC Common  Exchange
Ratio,  and (ii) the per share  exercise  price for the shares of Xtrana  Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of each Assumed Option and Warrant will be equal to
the quotient  determined by dividing the exercise  price per share of AIC Common
Stock at which such AIC option or warrant was exercisable  immediately  prior to
the Effective Time by the AIC Common Exchange Ratio.

         2.10     EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.

                  2.10.1   EXCHANGE   PROCEDURES.    As   soon   as   reasonably
practicable  after the  Effective  Time,  Xtrana shall deliver to each holder of
record  of a  certificate  or  certificates  which,  immediately  prior  to  the
Effective Time represented outstanding shares of AIC Shares (the


                                       12
<PAGE>


"CERTIFICATES")  whose  shares are  converted  pursuant  to SECTION 2.9 into the
right to receive Merger Consideration:  (i) a letter of transmittal (the "LETTER
OF TRANSMITTAL") (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,  and risk
of loss and title to the  Certificates  shall  pass,  only upon  delivery of the
Certificates  to  Xtrana or its  designated  agent and shall be in such form and
have such other customary  provisions as Xtrana may reasonably specify) and (ii)
instructions  for use in effecting the surrender of the  Certificate in exchange
for the Merger  Consideration  allocable to the AIC Shares formerly  represented
thereby.

                  2.10.2   MERGER  SHARE  CERTIFICATES.   Upon  surrender  of  a
Certificate  for  cancellation  to  Xtrana,  or to any agent or agents as may be
appointed by Xtrana, together with the Letter of Transmittal, duly completed and
executed in accordance  with its terms and such other documents as Xtrana or its
agent or agents,  the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in
exchange therefore, a certificate ("MERGER SHARE CERTIFICATE")  representing the
number of shares of Xtrana  Common  Stock  which  such  holder  has the right to
receive  pursuant to the  provisions  of SECTION 2.9 less such holder's pro rata
portion of the  Holdback  Shares  (calculated  as that  percentage  of the total
number of shares issuable as Merger Consideration that such holder has the right
to receive  pursuant to SECTION 2.9) and the  Certificate so  surrendered  shall
forthwith be cancelled. If any certificate for such Xtrana Common Stock is to be
issued  in a name  other  than  that in which  the  certificate  for AIC  Shares
surrendered for exchange is registered, it shall be a condition of such exchange
that the certificate so surrendered shall be properly  endorsed,  with signature
guaranteed,  or  otherwise  in  proper  form for  transfer  and that the  Person
requesting  such exchange shall pay to Xtrana or its transfer agent any transfer
or other taxes or other costs required by reason of the issuance of certificates
for such Xtrana Common Stock in a name other than that of the registered  holder
of the certificate  surrendered,  or establish to the  satisfaction of Xtrana or
its  transfer  agent  that all  taxes  have  been  paid.  Until  surrendered  as
contemplated by this SECTION  2.10.2,  each  Certificate  shall be deemed at any
time after the Effective  Time to represent  only the right to receive upon such
surrender the Merger Consideration as contemplated by SECTION 2.9.

                  2.10.3   LOST CERTIFICATES.  If any Certificate has been lost,
stolen or destroyed,  upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person
claiming such  Certificate  to be lost,  stolen or destroyed and, if required by
Xtrana, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as Xtrana
may  direct as  indemnity  against  any claim  that may be made  against it with
respect to such  Certificate,  Xtrana  shall  issue in  exchange  for such lost,
stolen or destroyed  Certificate,  the Merger Consideration due to such Person a
provided in SECTION 2.9.

                  2.10.4   DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED  SHARES. No
dividends  or other  distributions  with  respect to Xtrana  Common Stock with a
record  date  after  the  Effective  Time  shall  be paid to the  holder  of any
unsurrendered  certificate  for AIC Shares with  respect to the shares of Xtrana
Common  Stock,  the right to receive  which is  represented  thereby,  until the
surrender of such certificate in accordance with this SECTION 2.10.

                  2.10.5   NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN AIC SHARES. All shares
of  Xtrana  Common  Stock  issued  upon the  surrender  of the  Certificates  in
accordance  with the terms of this  SECTION 2 and placed in escrow  pursuant  to
SECTION  2.9.1,  shall  be  deemed  to  have  been  issued  (and  paid)  in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to AIC Shares  theretofore  represented by
such certificates.


                                       13
<PAGE>


                  2.10.6   NO LIABILITY.  None of the Parties shall be liable to
any  Person in respect of any shares of Xtrana  Common  Stock (or  dividends  or
distributions  with respect thereto)  delivered to a public official pursuant to
any applicable  abandoned property,  escheat or similar law. If any certificates
representing AIC Shares shall not have been surrendered prior to the first (1st)
anniversary  of the Closing,  any such shares,  dividends  or  distributions  in
respect of such  certificate  shall, to the extent  permitted by applicable law,
become the property of Xtrana,  free and clear of all claims or interests of any
Person previously entitled thereto.

3.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF AIC.

         Except  as set forth in the  disclosure  schedule  delivered  by AIC to
Xtrana at the time of execution of this Agreement and attached  hereto (the "AIC
DISCLOSURE  SCHEDULE")  and  arranged in section  corresponding  to the numbered
subsections  contained in this SECTION 3, AIC  represents and warrants to Xtrana
as follows:

         3.1      ORGANIZATION,   STANDING  AND  CORPORATE   POWER.   AIC  is  a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of California and has the requisite  corporate  power and authority
to carry on its business as now being conducted and currently contemplated to be
conducted.  AIC is duly  qualified  or licensed  to do  business  and is in good
standing  in each  jurisdiction  in which  the  nature  of its  business  or the
ownership or leasing of its  properties  makes such  qualification  or licensing
necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified
or licensed (individually or in the aggregate) would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on AIC.

         3.2      SUBSIDIARIES.  The only direct or indirect Subsidiaries of AIC
are listed in the AIC  Disclosure  Schedule  (the "AIC  SUBSIDIARIES").  All the
outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of  each  AIC  Subsidiary  which  is  a
corporation have been validly issued and are fully paid and  nonassessable  and,
except as set forth in the AIC  Disclosure  Schedule,  are owned (of  record and
beneficially) by AIC, free and clear of all Liens.  Except for the capital stock
of the AIC Subsidiaries,  which are corporations,  AIC does not own, directly or
indirectly,  any capital stock or other ownership  interest in any  corporation,
partnership, business association, joint venture or other entity.

         3.3      CAPITAL  STRUCTURE.   The  authorized  capital  stock  of  AIC
consists of  70,000,000  shares of AIC Common  Stock,  14,000,000  shares of AIC
Series A  Preferred  Stock and  10,000,000  shares of AIC Series  A-1  Preferred
Stock, of which 23,177,526 shares of AIC Common Stock,  10,533,334 shares of AIC
Series A  Preferred  Stock and no shares of AIC Series A-1  Preferred  Stock are
issued and outstanding. In addition, the AIC Board of Directors has approved the
issuance of approximately  7,343,418 shares of AIC Series A-1 Preferred Stock in
exchange for the conversion of all outstanding  principal,  accrued  interest or
other  obligations  under  all  convertible  notes  or  other  convertible  debt
obligations of AIC  outstanding  as of the date hereof (the "NOTE  CONVERSION").
Except as set forth  above,  no shares  or other  equity  securities  of AIC are
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding.  All outstanding shares of AIC are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to
preemptive rights.  There are no outstanding bonds,  debentures,  notes or other
indebtedness or other securities of AIC having the right to vote (or convertible
into, or exchangeable  for,  securities having the right to vote) on any matters
on which  shareholders  of AIC may vote. The AIC Disclosure  Schedule


                                       14
<PAGE>


sets  forth  the  outstanding  capitalization  of AIC,  including  a list of all
holders of AIC Shares and their respective holdings.  Except as set forth on the
AIC Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding securities, options, warrants,
calls, rights, commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind
to which AIC is a party or by which it is bound obligating AIC to issue, deliver
or sell, or cause to be issued,  delivered or sold,  additional  shares or other
equity or voting securities of AIC or obligating AIC to issue,  grant, extend or
enter  into  any  such  security,  option,  warrant,  call,  right,  commitment,
agreement,  arrangement or  undertaking.  There are no  outstanding  contractual
obligations,  commitments,  understandings  or  arrangements  of AIC or any  AIC
Subsidiaries to repurchase,  redeem or otherwise  acquire or make any payment in
respect  of any  securities  of AIC.  There are no  agreements  or  arrangements
pursuant to which AIC is or could be required  to register  AIC Common  Stock or
other  securities  under the Securities Act, or other agreements or arrangements
with or among any security holders of AIC with respect to securities of AIC.

         3.4      AUTHORITY. AIC has the requisite corporate and other power and
authority  to enter  into this  Agreement  and,  subject  to  obtaining  the AIC
Shareholders'  Approval (as defined in SECTION 3.33), to perform its obligations
hereunder and to consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby. The execution
and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  by AIC and  the  consummation  by AIC of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  have  been duly  authorized  by the Board of
Directors  of AIC;  the Board of  Directors  has  recommended  adoption  of this
Agreement by the shareholders of AIC; and no other corporate  proceedings on the
part of AIC or its  shareholders  are  necessary  to  authorize  the  execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by AIC and the consummation by AIC of
the transaction  contemplated hereby, other than obtaining the AIC Shareholders'
Approval.  This  Agreement  has been  duly  executed  and  delivered  by AIC and
constitutes a valid and binding  obligation of AIC,  enforceable  against AIC in
accordance  with its terms,  subject to applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency  and
other similar laws affecting the  enforceability of creditors' rights generally,
general equitable  principles and the discretion of courts in granting equitable
remedies.

         3.5      NON-CONTRAVENTION.   The   execution   and  delivery  of  this
Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement and compliance with the provisions  hereof will not, conflict with, or
result in any  breach or  violation  of, or default  (with or without  notice or
lapse  of  time,  or  both)  under,  or give  rise to a  right  of  termination,
cancellation or acceleration of or "put" right with respect to any obligation or
to loss of a material  benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon
any of the properties or assets of AIC under,  (i) the Articles of Incorporation
or  Bylaws of AIC,  (ii) any loan or credit  agreement,  note,  bond,  mortgage,
indenture, lease or other agreement,  instrument, permit, concession,  franchise
or license  applicable to AIC, its properties or assets, or (iii) subject to the
governmental  filings and other matters  referred to in the following  sentence,
any judgment,  order,  decree,  statute,  law,  ordinance,  rule,  regulation or
arbitration  award  applicable to AIC, its properties or assets,  other than, in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),  any such conflicts,  breaches,  violations,
defaults,  rights,  losses or Liens that  individually or in the aggregate would
not have either a Material Adverse Effect on AIC or would not prevent, hinder or
delay the ability of AIC to consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement.  No consent,  approval,  order or authorization  of, or registration,
declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Entity is required by
or with respect to AIC in  connection  with the  execution  and delivery of this
Agreement by AIC or the  consummation  by AIC of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby,


                                       15
<PAGE>


except,  with respect to this  Agreement,  for the filing of the  Certificate of
Merger and other  appropriate  merger  documents  required  by the CGCL with the
Secretary of State and  appropriate  documents with the relevant  authorities of
other states in which AIC is qualified to do business.

         3.6      FINANCIALS  STATEMENTS.   Set  forth  on  the  AIC  Disclosure
Schedule are the following financial statements (collectively the "AIC FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS"):  (a)  unaudited  consolidated  balance  sheets and  statements  of
income,  changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flow as of and for the fiscal
years ended  December 31, 2002 and 2003 for AIC and (b)  unaudited  consolidated
balance sheets and statements of income,  changes in shareholders'  equity,  and
cash flow as of and for the ten months  ended  October 31, 2004 for AIC. The AIC
Financial  Statements  have been prepared in  accordance  with GAAP applied on a
consistent  basis  throughout the periods  covered  thereby,  present fairly the
financial condition of AIC as of such dates and the results of operations of AIC
for such periods,  are correct and complete,  and are consistent  with the books
and records of AIC;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that the unaudited  interim  financial
statements  are  subject  to  normal  year-end  adjustments  (which  will not be
material  individually  or in  the  aggregate)  and  lack  footnotes  and  other
presentation items. Since September 30, 2004, AIC has not effected any change in
any method of  accounting  or  accounting  practice,  except for any such change
required because of a concurrent change in GAAP.

         3.7      NO UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.  AIC does not have any liabilities
or  obligations  (whether  absolute,  contingent  or  otherwise),  which are not
adequately reflected or provided for in the AIC Financial Statements, except for
liabilities  and  obligations  (i) that have been incurred since the date of the
most recent  balance  sheet  included  in the AIC  Financial  Statements  in the
ordinary course of business and are not (singly or in the aggregate) material to
AIC's  business,  and (ii) not due and payable or to be  performed  or satisfied
after the date hereof under AIC  Contracts in  accordance  with their terms,  in
each case which are not (singly or in the aggregate) material to AIC's business.

         3.8      ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS.  Since October 31, 2004,
AIC has conducted its business only in the ordinary course  consistent with past
practice,  and there is not and has not been:  (i) any Material  Adverse  Change
with respect to AIC; (ii) any condition,  event or occurrence which individually
or in the  aggregate  could  reasonably  be expected to have a Material  Adverse
Effect or give rise to a Material  Adverse Change with respect to AIC; (iii) any
event which,  if it had taken place  following the execution of this  Agreement,
would not have been permitted by SECTION 5.1 without prior consent of Xtrana; or
(iv) any condition,  event or occurrence  which could  reasonably be expected to
prevent,  hinder  or  materially  delay the  ability  of AIC to  consummate  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         3.9      LEGAL   PROCEEDINGS.   There  is  no  suit,   action,   claim,
arbitration,  proceeding or  investigation  pending or, to the knowledge of AIC,
threatened  against,  relating to or involving AIC, or real or personal property
of AIC, before any Governmental Entity or other third party. To the knowledge of
AIC, there is no basis for any such suit, action, proceeding or investigation.

         3.10     COMPLIANCE  WITH  LAW.  AIC  is  compliance  in  all  material
respects with all applicable laws  (including,  without  limitation,  applicable
laws  relating  to zoning,  environmental  matters  and the safety and health of
employees), ordinances, regulations and orders of all


                                       16
<PAGE>


Governmental  Entities.  AIC has not been charged with and, to the  knowledge of
AIC,  is not now  under  investigation  with  respect  to,  a  violation  of any
applicable  law,  regulation,   ordinance,  order  or  other  requirement  of  a
Governmental  Entity.  AIC is not a party to or bound  by any  order,  judgment,
decree or injunction of any Governmental  Entity.  AIC has filed all reports and
has all Licenses required to be filed with any Governmental  Entity on or before
the date  hereof  the  failure to file or to obtain  would  result in a Material
Adverse Effect on AIC.

         3.11     OFFICERS  AND  EMPLOYEES.  AIC has made  available to Xtrana a
schedule  containing a true and complete list of all of the  employees  (whether
full-time,  part-time or otherwise) and independent contractors of AIC as of the
date  hereof,  specifying  with  respect  to  each  such  individual  his or her
position,  status, annual salary and hourly wages, including consulting or other
independent  contractor  fees.  AIC is not a party to or bound by any employment
agreement.  AIC has not  made  any  verbal  commitments  to any  such  officers,
employees or former  employees,  consultants  or  independent  contractors  with
respect to compensation, promotion, retention, termination, severance or similar
matters in connection  with the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement or
otherwise.

         3.12     EMPLOYEE RELATIONS. To the knowledge of AIC, no executive, key
employee,  or group of employees has any plans to terminate employment with AIC.
AIC is not a party to or bound by any collective bargaining  agreement,  nor has
AIC  experienced  any strikes,  grievances,  claims of unfair labor practices or
other  collective  bargaining  disputes.  AIC has not committed any unfair labor
practice (as determined under any applicable  law).  There is no  organizational
effort  currently  being made or  threatened  by or on behalf of any labor union
with respect to any of AIC's employees.

         3.13     BENEFIT PLANS. The AIC Disclosure Schedule contains a true and
complete  list  of  each  Benefit  Plan  currently   sponsored,   maintained  or
contributed  to by AIC. Any special tax status  enjoyed by such plan is noted on
such schedule.  With respect to each Benefit Plan  identified the AIC Disclosure
Schedule,  AIC has  heretofore  delivered  or made  available to Xtrana true and
complete  copies of the plan  documents and any  amendments  thereto (or, if the
plan is not written, a written  description  thereof).  AIC's records accurately
reflect its employees' employment  histories,  including their hours of service,
and all such data is maintained in a usable form.

         3.14     CERTAIN  EMPLOYEE  PAYMENTS.   AIC  is  not  a  party  to  any
employment agreement which could result in the payment to any current, former or
future  director or employee of AIC of any money or other  property or rights or
accelerate  or provide  any other  rights or  benefits  to any such  employee or
director as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether
or not (i) such payment, acceleration or provision would constitute a "parachute
payment"  (within the meaning of Section  280G of the Code),  or (ii) some other
subsequent action or event would be required to cause such payment, acceleration
or provision to be triggered.

         3.15     TAX  RETURNS  AND  TAX  PAYMENTS.  AIC is not  subject  to any
liabilities  or claims for Taxes,  including  Taxes  relating to prior  periods,
other than those set forth or adequately  reserved  against in the AIC Financial
Statements  or those  incurred  since the date of the most recent  balance sheet
included in the AIC Financial Statements in the ordinary course of


                                       17
<PAGE>


business.  AIC has duly filed when due all Tax Returns in connection with and in
respect  of its  business,  assets  and  employees,  and  has  timely  paid  and
discharged  all amounts shown as due thereon.  AIC has made  available to Xtrana
accurate and complete  copies of all of its Tax Returns for all periods,  except
those periods for which returns are not yet due. AIC has not received any notice
of any Tax deficiency outstanding,  proposed or assessed against or allocable to
it,  and has not  executed  any  waiver of any  statute  of  limitations  on the
assessment or  collection of any Tax or executed or filed with any  Governmental
Entity any contract or other  agreement  now in effect  extending the period for
assessment  or  collection of any Taxes against it. There are no Liens for Taxes
upon,  pending  against  or  threatened  against,  any asset of AIC.  AIC is not
subject to any Tax allocation or sharing agreement.

         3.16     ENVIRONMENTAL  MATTERS.   Except  as  set  forth  on  the  AIC
Disclosure  Schedule,  (i) AIC is in compliance with all  Environmental  Laws in
connection with owning, using,  maintaining or operating its business or assets;
(ii) each  location at which AIC operates,  or has operated,  its business is in
compliance  with all  Environmental  Laws; and (iii) there are no pending or, to
AIC's knowledge,  threatened  allegations by any Person that AIC's properties or
assets is not, or that its businesses has not been conducted, in compliance with
all  Environmental  Laws.  No material  expenditures  are or will be required in
order for AIC to  comply  with any  applicable  Environmental  Law.  AIC has not
received any written or oral notice,  report or other information  regarding any
actual or alleged violation of Environmental Laws or any liabilities,  including
any investigatory,  remedial or corrective liabilities,  relating to AIC, or its
facilities  arising  under  Environmental  Laws.  Neither  AIC  nor  any  of its
predecessors or Affiliates has, either expressly or by operation of law, assumed
or undertaken any liability, including any obligation for corrective or remedial
action, of any other Person relating to Environmental Laws.

         3.17     CONTRACTS  AND  COMMITMENTS.   The  AIC  Disclosure   Schedule
contains a true,  complete and accurate list of each of the  following  written,
and to AIC's knowledge,  oral,  contracts,  agreements,  understandings or other
obligations  to which AIC is a party or by which any of its assets or properties
are bound (together the "AIC CONTRACTS"):

                  3.17.1   all bonds,  debentures,  notes, loans, credit or loan
agreements  or loan  commitments,  mortgages,  indentures,  guarantees  or other
contracts  relating to the borrowing of money or binding upon any  properties or
assets (real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible) of AIC;

                  3.17.2   all rental or use agreements, contracts, covenants or
obligations which may involve the payment by or to AIC of more than $25,000;

                  3.17.3   any contract, agreement,  commitment or obligation to
make any capital expenditures in excess of $25,000;

                  3.17.4   contracts,    agreements,    commitments   or   other
obligations  with any Person  containing any provision or covenant  limiting the
ability of AIC to engage in any line of business or to compete with or to obtain
products  or services  from any Person or limiting  the ability of any Person to
compete  with or to provide  products  or  services  to, or obtain  products  or
services from, AIC, or covering  indemnification of another Person other than in
the ordinary course of business;


                                       18
<PAGE>


                  3.17.5   any  profit-sharing or similar  contract,  agreement,
understanding or obligation with any Person;

                  3.17.6   contracts,    agreements,    commitments   or   other
obligations  with  respect to the  purchase or sale by or to AIC of any product,
equipment,  facility,  or  similar  item that by their  respective  terms do not
expire or terminate or are not terminable by AIC,  without  penalty,  premium or
other  liability  within 30 days or may involve the payment by or to AIC of more
than $25,000;

                  3.17.7   contracts,    agreements,    commitments   or   other
obligations  to provide  services or facilities by or to AIC or to or by another
Person which is not terminable by AIC within 30 days without penalty, premium or
other  liability  or  involving  payment by AIC or the other Person of more than
$25,000;

                  3.17.8   any contract that  provides for an increased  payment
or benefit, or accelerated  vesting,  upon the execution of this Agreement or in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby;

                  3.17.9   any contract or agreement  granting any Person a Lien
on all or any part of any asset of AIC;

                  3.17.10  any contract  providing  for the  indemnification  or
holding  harmless  by  AIC of any  of  its  shareholders,  officers,  directors,
employees or representatives;

                  3.17.11  all other contracts, agreements, commitments or other
obligations  whether or not made in the  ordinary  course of business  which may
involve the  expenditure by AIC of funds in excess of $25,000 per commitment (or
under a group of similar commitments), or are otherwise material to AIC; or

                  3.17.12  all  other  contracts,  agreements,  commitments,  or
other  obligations  of any kind that  involve or relate to any AIC  Shareholder,
officer,  director,  employee or  consultant of AIC or any Affiliate or relative
thereof.

True,  correct and complete copies of all AIC Contracts have been made available
to Xtrana. To the knowledge of AIC, the AIC Contracts are legal, valid,  binding
and  enforceable in accordance with their  respective  terms with respect to AIC
and each other party to such AIC  Contracts.  There are no existing  defaults or
breaches of AIC under any AIC  Contract  (or events or  conditions  which,  with
notice or lapse of time or both would  constitute  a default or breach)  and, to
the knowledge of AIC, there are no such defaults (or events or conditions which,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default or breach) with
respect to any third party to any AIC  Contract.  Except as set forth on the AIC
Disclosure Schedule, AIC is not participating in any discussions or negotiations
regarding  modification  of or amendment to any AIC Contract or entry in any new
material contract applicable to AIC or the real or personal property of AIC. The
AIC  Disclosure  Schedule  specifically  identifies  each AIC Contract set forth
therein  that  requires  the consent of or notice to the other party  thereto to
avoid any breach,  default or  violation  of such  contract,  agreement or other
instrument in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


                                       19
<PAGE>


         3.18     RECEIVABLES.  All of the  receivables of AIC are  enforceable,
represent BONA FIDE  transactions,  and arose in the ordinary course of business
of AIC,  and are  reflected  properly  in its  books and  records.  All of AIC's
receivables are reasonably  believed by AIC to be collectible in accordance with
past  practice  and  the  terms  of  such   receivables,   without  set  off  or
counterclaims  except to the extent of reserves  therefor  set forth in the most
recent  balance  sheet  included  in  the  AIC  Financial   Statements  or,  for
receivables  arising subsequent to September 30, 2004, as reflected on the books
and records of AIC. No customer or supplier of AIC has any  reasonable  basis to
believe  that it has or would be entitled to any payment  terms other than terms
in the ordinary course of business, including any prior course of conduct.

         3.19     PERSONAL PROPERTY. AIC has good, clear and marketable title to
all the  tangible  properties  and  tangible  assets  reflected  in AIC's latest
balance  sheet as being owned by AIC or acquired  after the date  thereof  which
are,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  material  to AIC's  business  (except
properties sold or otherwise  disposed of since the date thereof in the ordinary
course of business),  free and clear of all Liens. All equipment and other items
of  tangible  personal  property  and  assets  of AIC (a) are in good  operating
condition and in a state of good maintenance and repair,  ordinary wear and tear
excepted,  and (b) are  usable  in the  regular  and  ordinary  course  of AIC's
business.

         3.20     REAL  PROPERTY.  AIC does not own any real  property.  The AIC
Disclosure Schedule sets forth all real property leases to which AIC is a party.
AIC has a valid leasehold interest in such leased real property, and such leases
are in full  force  and  effect.  The  improvements  and  fixtures  on such real
property  leased by AIC are in good  operating  condition and in a state of good
maintenance and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted.

         3.21     INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY  RIGHTS.  AIC owns,  or is  licensed or
otherwise  has the valid rights to use, all  Intellectual  Property  used in the
conduct of its business (the "AIC  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY").  The AIC Disclosure
Schedule  contains  an  accurate  and  complete  list of all:  (a)  Intellectual
Property owned by AIC, (b) Intellectual  Property  licensed to AIC,  including a
list of all  agreements  related  thereto,  and (c)  licenses  granted by AIC to
others to use AIC's  Intellectual  Property,  including a list of all agreements
related  thereto (in each case excluding  licenses  available in consumer retail
stores or subject to "shrink-wrap" license agreements), in each case that is the
subject  of  an  application,   certificate,   filing  or  registration  with  a
Governmental  Entity.  AIC owns all  right,  title  and  interest  in and to the
Intellectual Property owned by it, free and clear of any Liens. AIC has the sole
and exclusive  right to use AIC  Intellectual  Property  licensed to it, and the
consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby will not alter or impair any
such  rights.  No  claims  have  been  asserted  by any  Person  challenging  or
questioning the validity or effectiveness of any licenses or agreements  related
to the  Intellectual  Property  licensed  by, or licensed  to,  AIC,  and to the
knowledge of AIC,  there is no valid basis for any such claim.  To the knowledge
of AIC, the use by AIC of any Intellectual Property owned or licensed to it does
not  violate or  infringe  the rights of any Person.  To the  knowledge  of AIC,
neither  AIC nor any other  Person is in  default  under  any  license  or other
agreement relating to any AIC Intellectual  Property,  and all such licenses and
agreements are valid,  in full force and effect and  enforceable.  AIC has taken
reasonable steps to safeguard and maintain the secrecy and  confidentiality  of,
and its proprietary rights in, AIC Intellectual  Property.  No present or former
employee or  consultant of AIC owns or has any  proprietary,


                                       20
<PAGE>


financial or other interest, direct or indirect (other than through ownership of
AIC Common Stock), in whole or in part, in any AIC Intellectual Property.

         3.22     TRANSACTIONS  WITH RELATED PARTIES.  AIC is not a party to any
contract,  lease,  license,  commitment or arrangement,  written or oral, which,
were  AIC a  "registrant"  under  the  Exchange  Act,  would be  required  to be
disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) or (c) of Regulation S-B as promulgated by the
SEC, and there are no loans  outstanding to or from any Person specified in Item
404(a) of Regulation S-B from or to AIC.

         3.23     NO GUARANTIES.  None of the  obligations or liabilities of AIC
incurred in  connection  with the  operation of its business is guaranteed by or
subject to a similar  contingent  obligation  of any other  Person.  AIC has not
guaranteed or become  subject to a similar  contingent  obligation in respect of
the  obligations or  liabilities  of any other Person.  There are no outstanding
letters of credit,  surety  bonds or  similar  instruments  of AIC or any of its
Affiliates.

         3.24     INSURANCE. The AIC Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and
correct list of all insurance policies carried by or for the benefit of AIC. AIC
delivered to Xtrana  schedules  specifying the insurer,  amount of and nature of
coverage,  the risk insured against, the deductible amount (if any) and the date
through which coverage will continue by virtue of premiums  already paid of each
such  insurance  policies.  AIC is insured by insurers of  recognized  financial
responsibility  against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent
and customary in the  businesses in which AIC is engaged.  AIC does not have any
reason  to  believe  that it will not be able to renew  its  existing  insurance
coverage as and when such coverage  expires or to obtain  similar  coverage from
similar  insurers  as may be  necessary  to  continue  its  business  without  a
significant increase in cost.

         3.25     CUSTOMER  RELATIONS.  The AIC Disclosure  Schedule  contains a
complete and accurate  list of the names and  addresses  of each  customer  that
generated  more than  $40,000 in revenue for AIC during  since  January 1, 2003.
Except as set forth in the AIC  Disclosure  Schedule no such customer (or former
customer) during the last twelve (12) months has canceled, terminated or, to the
knowledge of AIC, made any threat to cancel or otherwise  terminate its contract
or to decrease its usage of AIC's services or products. AIC has not received any
notice or has any knowledge to the effect that any current  customer or supplier
may terminate or materially  alter its business  relations with AIC, either as a
result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise.

         3.26     PRODUCT OR SERVICE DEFECTS; LIABILITY. AIC is not aware of any
material defects in any of its products or the design thereof, nor in any of the
services it provides.  AIC has not received  any  customer  complaints  or third
party reports concerning alleged defects in its products,  the design thereof or
its services that, if true, could have a Material Adverse Effect on AIC, nor has
AIC had any of its  products  returned  by a  purchaser  thereof  other than for
minor,  nonrecurring  warranty  problems.  AIC has no  liabilities  (and, to the
knowledge of AIC, there is no basis for any present or future action against AIC
giving  rise to any  liability)  arising  out of any  injury to  individuals  or
property as a result of ownership,  possession  or use of any product  designed,
manufactured, sold, leased or delivered by AIC.


                                       21
<PAGE>


         3.27     PRODUCT WARRANTY.  Each product manufactured,  sold, leased or
delivered by AIC has been manufactured,  sold, leased or delivered,  as the case
may be, in conformity  in all material  respects  with all  applicable  law, all
contracts to which AIC is a party, and all express and implied  warranties,  and
AIC does not have any liability (and, to the knowledge of AIC, there is no basis
for any present or future actions against AIC giving rise to any such liability)
for  replacement  or repair  thereof or other damages in  connection  therewith,
subject only to the reserve for product warranty claims set forth on the face of
the Financial  Statements (rather than in any notes thereto) as adjusted for the
passage of time through the Effective Time in accordance  AIC's ordinary  course
of business,  consistent  with GAAP. No product  designed,  manufactured,  sold,
leased  or  delivered  by AIC is  subject  to any  guaranty,  warranty  or other
indemnity  or  similar  liability  beyond  the  applicable  standard  terms  and
conditions of sale or lease.

         3.28     LICENSES.  AIC owns or possesses all of the material  Licenses
which  are  necessary  to  enable  it to  carry  on its  business  as  presently
conducted.  All such Licenses are valid,  binding, and in full force and effect.
The execution,  delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the consummation
of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  will not  adversely  affect any such
License.

         3.29     RECORDS.  The books of account,  corporate  records and minute
books of AIC are  complete and correct in all  material  respects.  Complete and
accurate copies of all such books of account, corporate records and minute books
and of the stock register of AIC have been provided to Xtrana.

         3.30     NO  BROKERS  OR  FINDERS.  AIC has  not,  and its  Affiliates,
officers,  directors  or  employees  have not,  employed any broker or finder or
incurred any  liability  for any  brokerage or finder's  fee or  commissions  or
similar payment in connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

         3.31     BOARD  RECOMMENDATION.  The  Board  of  Directors  of AIC  has
unanimously  determined that the terms of the Merger are fair to and in the best
interests of the AIC  Shareholders  and  recommended  that the AIC  Shareholders
approve the Merger.

         3.32     DISCLOSURE.  AIC has disclosed to Xtrana all facts material to
AIC's  business,   operations,  assets,  liabilities,   prospects,   properties,
condition  (financial  or  otherwise)  and results of  operations.  Neither this
Agreement,  nor any  Schedule  or  Exhibit  to  this  Agreement,  nor any  other
statements,  documents or certificates made or delivered in connection  herewith
or therewith  contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state
a material fact  necessary to make the statements  contained  herein and therein
not misleading in light of the  circumstances  under which such  statements were
made.  None  of  the  information   supplied  by  AIC  in  connection  with  the
solicitation by Xtrana of the Xtrana Stockholders' Approval contained any untrue
statement of a material  fact or omitted to state any material  fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

         3.33     REQUIRED AIC VOTE. The affirmative votes of (a) the holders of
a  majority  of the  shares of AIC  Shares  voting  together  as one class on an
as-converted  basis and (b) the


                                       22
<PAGE>


holders of AIC Series A  Preferred  Stock and AIC  Series A-1  Preferred  Stock,
voting together as one class,  are the only votes of the holders of any class or
series  of  AIC's   securities   necessary  to  approve  the  Merger  (the  "AIC
SHAREHOLDERS' APPROVAL").

4.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF XTRANA AND MERGERCO.

         Except as set forth in the disclosure  schedule  delivered by Xtrana to
AIC at the time of execution of this Agreement and attached  hereto (the "XTRANA
DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE"), Xtrana and MergerCo, jointly and severally, represent and
warrant to AIC as follows:

         4.1      ORGANIZATION,  STANDING AND  CORPORATE  POWER.  Xtrana is duly
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware,  and has the requisite  corporate  power and authority to carry on its
business as now being  conducted.  MergerCo is duly organized,  validly existing
and in good  standing  under  the laws of the State of  California,  and has the
requisite  corporate  power and  authority to carry on its business as now being
conducted.

         4.2      NO  SUBSIDIARIES.   Other  than  MergerCo,   Xtrana  does  not
currently  own,  directly or  indirectly,  any capital stock or other  equities,
securities  or interests in any other  corporation  or in any limited  liability
company, partnership, joint venture or other association.

         4.3      CAPITAL STRUCTURE.

                  4.3.1    The  authorized  capital stock of Xtrana  consists of
50,000,000  shares of Xtrana Common Stock,  $0.01 par value, of which 16,533,269
shares of Xtrana Common Stock are issued and  outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement. All outstanding shares of capital stock of Xtrana are, and all shares
which may be issued  pursuant  to this  Agreement  will be,  when  issued,  duly
authorized,  validly issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable  and, not subject to
preemptive  rights,  and  issued in  compliance  with all  applicable  state and
federal laws  concerning  the issuance of  securities.  There are no outstanding
bonds,  debentures,  notes or other  indebtedness or other  securities of Xtrana
having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable  for,  securities
having the right to vote) on any matters on which holders of Xtrana Common Stock
may vote.  Except as set forth on the Xtrana Disclosure  Schedule,  there are no
outstanding  securities,   options,   warrants,   calls,  rights,   commitments,
agreements,  arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which Xtrana is a party
or by which any of them is bound obligating Xtrana to issue, deliver or sell, or
cause to be issued,  delivered or sold,  additional  shares of capital  stock or
other equity  securities  of Xtrana or  obligating  Xtrana to issue,  deliver or
sell,  or cause to be issued,  delivered or sold,  additional  shares of capital
stock or other equity securities of Xtrana or obligating Xtrana to issue, grant,
extend  or  enter  into  any  such  security,   option,  warrant,  call,  right,
commitment,  agreement,  arrangement  or  undertaking.  There are no outstanding
contractual obligations,  commitments,  understandings or arrangements of Xtrana
to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or make any payment in respect of any
shares of  capital  stock of Xtrana.  There are no  agreements  or  arrangements
pursuant to which  Xtrana is or could be  required to register  shares of Xtrana
Common Stock or other securities under the Securities Act or other agreements or
arrangements  with or among any  holder of Xtrana  securities  with  respect  to
securities of Xtrana.


                                       23
<PAGE>


                  4.3.2    The authorized  capital stock of MergerCo consists of
1,000 shares of Common Stock,  all of which are issued and outstanding as of the
date of this  Agreement and held by Xtrana.  All  outstanding  shares of capital
stock  of  MergerCo  are  duly  authorized,   validly  issued,  fully  paid  and
nonassessable.  There  are no  outstanding  bonds,  debentures,  notes  or other
indebtedness  or other  securities  of  MergerCo  having  the  right to vote (or
convertible into, or exchangeable  for,  securities having the right to vote) on
any matters on which  holders of MergerCo  Common Stock may vote.  Other than as
provided  in this  Agreement,  there  are no  outstanding  securities,  options,
warrants, calls, rights, commitments,  agreements,  arrangements or undertakings
of any  kind to  which  MergerCo  is a party  or by  which  any of them is bound
obligating MergerCo to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,  delivered
or sold,  additional  shares of  capital  stock or other  equity  securities  of
MergerCo  or  obligating  MergerCo  to issue,  deliver  or sell,  or cause to be
issued,  delivered or sold,  additional  shares of capital stock or other equity
securities of MergerCo or obligating  MergerCo to issue,  grant, extend or enter
into any such security,  option,  warrant, call, right,  commitment,  agreement,
arrangement or undertaking.

         4.4      AUTHORITY.  Each of  Xtrana  and  MergerCo  has the  requisite
corporate  and other  power and  authority  to enter  into this  Agreement  and,
subject to obtaining  the Xtrana  Stockholders'  Approval (as defined in SECTION
4.15), to perform its obligations  hereunder and to consummate the  transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Xtrana
and MergerCo  and the  consummation  by Xtrana and MergerCo of the  transactions
contemplated  hereby  have been duly  authorized  by the Board of  Directors  of
Xtrana; the Board of Directors has recommended adoption of this Agreement by the
stockholders of Xtrana; and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Xtrana
or its  stockholders  are  necessary to  authorize  the  execution,  deliver and
performance  of this Agreement by Xtrana and the  consummation  by Xtrana of the
transaction  contemplated  hereby, other than obtaining the Xtrana Stockholders'
Approval.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Xtrana
and MergerCo and  constitutes  a valid and binding  obligation of each of Xtrana
and  MergerCo,  enforceable  against  such Party in  accordance  with its terms,
subject to applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency  and other similar laws affecting
the enforceability of creditors' rights generally,  general equitable principles
and the discretion of courts in granting equitable remedies.

         4.5      NON-CONTRAVENTION.   The   execution   and  delivery  of  this
Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement and compliance with the provisions  hereof will not, conflict with, or
result in any  breach or  violation  of, or default  (with or without  notice or
lapse  of  time,  or  both)  under,  or give  rise to a  right  of  termination,
cancellation or acceleration of or "put" right with respect to any obligation or
to loss of a material  benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon
any of the  properties  or assets of either  Xtrana or MergerCo  under,  (i) the
Certificate or Articles of Incorporation  or Bylaws of Xtrana or MergerCo,  (ii)
any loan or credit agreement,  note, bond, mortgage,  indenture,  lease or other
agreement,  instrument,  permit, concession,  franchise or license applicable to
Xtrana or MergerCo,  their respective  properties or assets, or (iii) subject to
the  governmental  filings  and  other  matters  referred  to in  the  following
sentence, any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation
or  arbitration  award  applicable  to  Xtrana  or  MergerCo,  their  respective
properties  or assets,  other than,  in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),  any
such conflicts,  breaches,  violations,  defaults,  rights, losses or Liens that
individually or in the aggregate could not have either a Material Adverse Effect
on Xtrana or  MergerCo  or could not  prevent,  hinder or


                                       24
<PAGE>


delay  the  ability  of  Xtrana  or  MergerCo  to  consummate  the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
or  registration,  declaration  or filing with,  or notice to, any  Governmental
Entity is required by or with respect to Xtrana or MergerCo in  connection  with
the  execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  by Xtrana or  MergerCo or the
consummation  by Xtrana and MergerCo of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,
except,  with respect to this  Agreement,  for the filing of the  Certificate of
Merger and other  appropriate  merger  documents  required  by the CGCL with the
Secretary of State and  appropriate  documents with the relevant  authorities of
other states in which Xtrana is qualified to do business.

         4.6      SEC DOCUMENTS; UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.

                  4.6.1    For all periods subsequent to January 1, 2000, Xtrana
has filed all  reports,  schedules,  forms,  statements  and other  documents as
required by the SEC in a timely basis (or has received a valid extension of such
time of filing and has filed any such  reports or other  documents  prior to the
expiration of any such extension), and Xtrana has delivered or made available to
AIC all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents filed with the
SEC during such period  (collectively,  and in each case  including all exhibits
and  schedules  thereto and documents  incorporated  by reference  therein,  the
"XTRANA  SEC  DOCUMENTS").  As  of  their  respective  dates  (or,  if  amended,
supplemented or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof,  then as of the
date of such  amendment,  supplement  or  superseding  filing)  the  Xtrana  SEC
Documents  complied  in all  material  respects  with  the  requirements  of the
Securities  Act or the  Exchange  Act,  as the case may be,  and the  rules  and
regulations  of the SEC  promulgated  thereunder  applicable  to such Xtrana SEC
Documents,  and  none  of the  Xtrana  SEC  Documents  (including  any  and  all
consolidated  financial  statements  included therein) as of such date contained
any  untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omitted to state a material  fact
required  to be stated  therein  or  necessary  in order to make the  statements
therein,  in  light  of the  circumstances  under  which  they  were  made,  not
misleading.  The  consolidated  financial  statements of Xtrana included in such
Xtrana SEC Documents comply as to form in all material  respects with applicable
accounting  requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with
respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case
of unaudited consolidated  quarterly statements,  as permitted by Form 10-QSB of
the SEC) applied on a consistent  basis during the periods  involved  (except as
may be indicated in the notes  thereto)  and fairly and  accurately  present the
consolidated  financial  position  of  Xtrana as of the  dates  thereof  and the
consolidated  results of  operations  and  changes in cash flows for the periods
covered thereby  (subject,  in the case of unaudited  quarterly  statements,  to
normal  year-end  audit  adjustments  as  determined  by  Xtrana's   independent
accountants).  Except as set forth in the Xtrana SEC  Documents,  at the date of
the most  recent  financial  statements  of Xtrana  included  in the  Xtrana SEC
Documents, Xtrana did not have, and since such date Xtrana has not incurred, any
liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,  contingent
or otherwise)  except for liabilities  and  obligations  that have been incurred
since the date of the most recent balance sheet included in the Xtrana Financial
Statements  in the  ordinary  course of  business  and are not (singly or in the
aggregate) material to Xtrana's business.

                  4.6.2    The Xtrana SEC Documents  include all  certifications
and  statements  required of it, if any, by (i) Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14  under the
Exchange Act, and (ii) 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of  2002),  and  each of  such  certifications  and  statements  contain  no
qualifications or exceptions to the matters certified


                                       25
<PAGE>


therein other than a knowledge  qualification,  permitted  under such provision,
and have not been  modified  or  withdrawn  and  neither  Xtrana  nor any of its
officers has received any notice from the SEC or any other  Governmental  Entity
questioning or challenging the accuracy,  completeness, form or manner of filing
or submission of such certifications or statements.

                  4.6.3    Xtrana is in compliance in all material respects with
all of the provisions of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002, and the provisions of
the Exchange Act and the Securities  Act relating  thereto which under the terms
of such  provisions  (including the dates by which such  compliance is required)
have become applicable to Xtrana.

         4.7      ABSENCE OF CERTAIN  CHANGES OR EVENTS.  Except as disclosed in
the Xtrana SEC Documents, since the date of the most recent financial statements
included in the Xtrana SEC Documents,  Xtrana has conducted its business only in
the  ordinary  course  consistent  with past  practice  in light of its  current
business  circumstances,  and  there is not and has not been:  (i) any  Material
Adverse Change with respect to Xtrana;  (ii) any condition,  event or occurrence
which, individually or in the aggregate,  could reasonably be expected to have a
Material  Adverse Effect or give rise to a Material  Adverse Change with respect
to Xtrana;  (iii) any event which, if it had taken place following the execution
of this  Agreement,  would not have been  permitted  by SECTION  5.1 without the
prior consent of AIC; or (iv) any  condition,  event or  occurrence  which could
reasonably  be expected to prevent,  hinder or  materially  delay the ability of
Xtrana to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         4.8      INFORMATION  SUPPLIED.  None of the  information  included  or
incorporated  by  reference  in the  proxy  statement  relating  to  the  Xtrana
Stockholders'  Meeting (as defined in SECTION 6.4.2), as amended or supplemented
from time to time (as so amended and supplemented,  the "PROXY STATEMENT"),  and
any other documents to be filed by Xtrana with the SEC or any other Governmental
Entity in  connection  with the Merger and the other  transactions  contemplated
hereby will,  on the date of its filing or, in the case of the Proxy  Statement,
at the date it is mailed to stockholders of Xtrana and at the time of the Xtrana
Stockholders'  Meeting,  contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary in order
to make the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances under which they
are made,  not  misleading  or necessary to correct any statement in any earlier
communication  with  respect  to any  solicitation  of  proxies  for the  Xtrana
Stockholders'  Meeting which shall have become false or misleading,  except that
no  representation  is made by Xtrana with  respect to  information  supplied in
writing by or on behalf of AIC for inclusion therein.  The Proxy Statement filed
by  Xtrana  with  the  SEC  under  the  Exchange  Act  relating  to  the  Xtrana
Stockholders'  Meeting,  and any  other  documents  to be filed  with the SEC in
connection with the Merger, will comply as to form in all material respects with
the Exchange Act.

         4.9      CERTAIN  EMPLOYEE  PAYMENTS.  Xtrana  is  not a  party  to any
employment agreement which could result in the payment to any current, former or
future  director or employee of Xtrana of any money or other  property or rights
or  accelerate  or provide any other rights or benefits to any such  employee or
director as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether
or not (i) such payment, acceleration or provision would constitute a "parachute
payment"  (within the meaning of Section  280G of the Code),  or (ii) some other
subsequent action or event would be required to cause such payment, acceleration
or provision to be triggered.


                                       26
<PAGE>


         4.10     TAX  RETURNS  AND TAX  PAYMENTS.  Xtrana is not subject to any
liabilities  or claims for Taxes,  including  Taxes  relating to prior  periods,
other  than those set forth or  adequately  reserved  against  in the  financial
statements included in the Xtrana SEC Documents or those incurred since the date
of the most recent  balance  sheet  included in the Xtrana SEC  Documents in the
ordinary  course of business.  Xtrana has duly filed when due all Tax Returns in
connection  with and in respect of its business,  assets and employees,  and has
timely paid and  discharged  all amounts  shown as due thereon.  Xtrana has made
available to AIC accurate and complete  copies of all of its Tax Returns for all
periods,  except those periods for which returns are not yet due. Xtrana has not
received  any notice of any Tax  deficiency  outstanding,  proposed  or assessed
against or  allocable  to it, and has not  executed any waiver of any statute of
limitations on the assessment or collection of any Tax or executed or filed with
any Governmental  Entity any contract or other agreement now in effect extending
the period for  assessment  or  collection of any Taxes against it. There are no
Liens for Taxes  upon,  pending  against  or  threatened  against,  any asset of
Xtrana. Xtrana is not subject to any Tax allocation or sharing agreement.

         4.11     RECORDS.  The books of accounts,  corporate records and minute
books of Xtrana and MergerCo are complete and correct in all material  respects.
Complete and accurate copies of all such books of account, corporate records and
minute books of Xtrana and MergerCo have been provided to AIC.

         4.12     MERGERCO.  MergerCo  has been  formed for the sole  purpose of
effecting the Merger and, except as contemplated by this Agreement, MergerCo has
not  conducted  any  business   activities   and  does  not  have  any  material
liabilities.

         4.13     NO BROKERS OR FINDERS.  Neither  Xtrana,  MergerCo,  nor their
respective  Affiliates,  officers,  directors  or employees  have,  employed any
broker or finder or incurred any  liability for any brokerage or finder's fee or
commissions  or  similar  payment  in  connection  with any of the  transactions
contemplated hereby.

         4.14     BOARD  RECOMMENDATION.  The Board of  Directors  of Xtrana has
unanimously  determined that the terms of the Merger are fair to and in the best
interests  of the  Stockholders  of Xtrana and  recommended  that the holders of
Xtrana Common Stock approve the Merger.

         4.15     REQUIRED XTRANA VOTE. The affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of shares of Xtrana Common Stock is the only vote of the holders of any
class or series of  Xtrana's  securities  necessary  to approve  the Merger (the
"XTRANA STOCKHOLDERS' APPROVAL").

         4.16     LEGAL   PROCEEDINGS.   There  is  no  suit,   action,   claim,
arbitration, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of Xtrana,
threatened  against,  relating  to or  involving  Xtrana,  or real  or  personal
property of Xtrana,  before any Governmental Entity or other third party. To the
knowledge of Xtrana, there is no basis for any such suit, action,  proceeding or
investigation.

         4.17     TRANSACTIONS WITH APPLERA CORPORATION.  Xtrana provided to AIC
true and complete copies of all agreements, instruments,  certificates and other
documents entered or


                                       27
<PAGE>


delivered in connection  with the Assignment  Agreement  dated as of January 26,
2004  by and  between  Xtrana  and  Applera  Corporation,  through  its  Applied
Biosystems  Group  ("ABI"),  as amended  by the First  Amendment  to  Assignment
Agreement  dated as of March 31, 2004,  between Xtrana and ABI (as amended,  the
"ASSIGNMENT  AGREEMENT"),  including all amendments,  supplements,  exhibits and
ancillary agreements related thereto (collectively, the "ABI AGREEMENTS"). Other
than breaches or potential breaches that have been waived,  all  representations
warranties  made by Xtrana in the Assignment  Agreement were true and correct on
the date of the  Assignment  Agreement  and on the  closing of the  transactions
under the Assignment Agreement. Xtrana is in compliance in all material respects
with and has not breached,  violated or defaulted under in any material respect,
or received notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the
terms or conditions of the ABI  Agreements,  nor has there occurred any event or
condition that could reasonably  constitute such a breach,  violation or default
with the lapse of time, giving of notice or both, and Xtrana is not aware of any
legitimate  basis for any  indemnification  claim  against  Xtrana under the ABI
Agreements.  The  ABI  Agreements  and  the  consummation  of  the  transactions
contemplated  thereby did not breach or caused a default  under the  Cooperation
Agreement  No.  70NANB5H1109  between  Xtrana  and the  National  Institutes  of
Standards  and  Technology  (the  "NIST   AGREEMENT")  or  under  Contract  DAMB
17-00-C-001  between Xtrana and the U.S. Army (the "US ARMY AGREEMENT").  Xtrana
has at all times  complied with all terms and  conditions of the NIST  Agreement
and the US Army  Agreement,  and except  pursuant to the  Confirmatory  Licenses
dated February 18, 2004 and February 20, 2004, true and complete copies of which
were delivered to AIC, Xtrana has no obligations under the NIST Agreement or the
US Army Agreement required to be performed after the date of this Agreement.

         4.18     CONTRACTS  AND  COMMITMENTS.  The Xtrana  Disclosure  Schedule
contains a true,  complete and accurate list of each of the  following  written,
and to Xtrana's knowledge, oral, contracts, agreements,  understandings or other
obligations  to  which  Xtrana  is a party  or by  which  any of its  assets  or
properties are bound (together the "XTRANA CONTRACTS"):

                  4.18.1   all bonds,  debentures,  notes, loans, credit or loan
agreements  or loan  commitments,  mortgages,  indentures,  guarantees  or other
contracts  relating to the borrowing of money or binding upon any  properties or
assets (real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible) of Xtrana;

                  4.18.2   all rental or use agreements, contracts, covenants or
obligations which may involve the payment by or to Xtrana of more than $25,000;

                  4.18.3   any contract, agreement,  commitment or obligation to
make any capital expenditures in excess of $25,000;

                  4.18.4   contracts,    agreements,    commitments   or   other
obligations  with any Person  containing any provision or covenant  limiting the
ability of Xtrana to engage in any line of  business  or to  compete  with or to
obtain  products  or  services  from any Person or  limiting  the ability of any
Person to compete with or to provide products or services to, or obtain products
or services from,  Xtrana, or covering  indemnification  of another Person other
than in the ordinary course of business;


                                       28
<PAGE>


                  4.18.5   any  profit-sharing or similar  contract,  agreement,
understanding or obligation with any Person;

                  4.18.6   contracts,    agreements,    commitments   or   other
obligations with respect to the purchase or sale by or to Xtrana of any product,
equipment,  facility,  or  similar  item that by their  respective  terms do not
expire or terminate or are not terminable by Xtrana, without penalty, premium or
other  liability  within 30 days or may  involve  the payment by or to Xtrana of
more than $25,000;

                  4.18.7   contracts,    agreements,    commitments   or   other
obligations  to  provide  services  or  facilities  by or to  Xtrana or to or by
another Person which is not terminable by Xtrana within 30 days without penalty,
premium or other liability or involving payment by Xtrana or the other Person of
more than $25,000;

                  4.18.8   any contract that  provides for an increased  payment
or benefit, or accelerated  vesting,  upon the execution of this Agreement or in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby;

                  4.18.9   any contract or agreement  granting any Person a Lien
on all or any part of any asset of Xtrana;

                  4.18.10  any contract  providing  for the  indemnification  or
holding  harmless  by Xtrana of any of its  shareholders,  officers,  directors,
employees or representatives;

                  4.18.11  all other contracts, agreements, commitments or other
obligations  whether or not made in the  ordinary  course of business  which may
involve the  expenditure  by Xtrana of funds in excess of $25,000 per commitment
(or under a group of similar commitments),  or are otherwise material to Xtrana;
or

                  4.18.12  all  other  contracts,  agreements,  commitments,  or
other  obligations  of any kind that  involve  or relate to any holder of Xtrana
Common  Stock,  officer,  director,  employee  or  consultant  of  Xtrana or any
Affiliate or relative thereof.

True,  correct  and  complete  copies  of all  Xtrana  Contracts  have been made
available to AIC. To the  knowledge of Xtrana,  the Xtrana  Contracts are legal,
valid,  binding and enforceable in accordance with their  respective  terms with
respect to Xtrana and each other  party to such Xtrana  Contracts.  There are no
existing  defaults or breaches of Xtrana under any Xtrana Contract (or events or
conditions  which,  with  notice  or lapse of time or both  would  constitute  a
default or breach) and, to the  knowledge of Xtrana,  there are no such defaults
(or events or  conditions  which,  with  notice or lapse of time or both,  would
constitute  a default or breach)  with  respect to any third party to any Xtrana
Contract.  Except as set forth on the Xtrana Disclosure Schedule,  Xtrana is not
participating  in any discussions or negotiations  regarding  modification of or
amendment  to any  Xtrana  Contract  or  entry  in  any  new  material  contract
applicable  to Xtrana or the real or  personal  property  of Xtrana.  The Xtrana
Disclosure  Schedule  specifically  identifies  each Xtrana  Contract  set forth
therein  that  requires  the consent of or notice to the other party  thereto to
avoid any breach,  default or  violation  of such  contract,  agreement or other
instrument in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


                                       29
<PAGE>


         The Xtrana Disclosure  Schedule contains a true,  complete and accurate
list of each written contract,  agreement,  understanding or other obligation to
which Xtrana was a party or by which any of its assets or  properties  was bound
that was  terminated  by Xtrana  since May 14, 2004  (together  the  "TERMINATED
XTRANA  Contracts").  True, correct and complete copies of all Terminated Xtrana
Contracts  have  been  made  available  to AIC.  Each of the  Terminated  Xtrana
Contracts was terminated in full  compliance  with its terms or with the written
consent of the other  party to such  Terminated  Xtrana  Contract,  in each case
without any liability to Xtrana.

         4.19     INSURANCE.  The Xtrana Disclosure Schedule contains a complete
and  correct  list of all  insurance  policies  carried by or for the benefit of
Xtrana,  specifying  the  insurer,  amount of and nature of  coverage,  the risk
insured  against,  the  deductible  amount (if any) and the date  through  which
coverage will continue by virtue of premiums already paid.

         4.20     PRODUCT OR SERVICE DEFECTS;  LIABILITY. Xtrana is not aware of
any material defects in any of its products  (including  products  developed and
sold prior to completion of the  transactions  under the ABI  Agreements) or the
design thereof, nor in any of the services it provides.  Xtrana has not received
any customer complaints or third party reports concerning alleged defects in its
products,  the  design  thereof  or its  services  that,  if true,  could have a
Material  Adverse  Effect on  Xtrana,  nor has  Xtrana  had any of its  products
returned  by a purchaser  thereof  other than for minor,  nonrecurring  warranty
problems.  Xtrana has no liabilities (and, to the knowledge of Xtrana,  there is
no basis for any  present or future  action  against  Xtrana  giving rise to any
liability)  arising out of any injury to  individuals or property as a result of
ownership, possession or use of any product designed, manufactured, sold, leased
or delivered by Xtrana.

         4.21     PRODUCT WARRANTY.  Each product manufactured,  sold, leased or
delivered by Xtrana has been  manufactured,  sold,  leased or delivered,  as the
case may be, in conformity in all material respects with all applicable law, all
contracts  to which Xtrana is a party,  and all express and implied  warranties,
and Xtrana does not have any liability  (and, to the knowledge of Xtrana,  there
is no basis for any present or future actions  against Xtrana giving rise to any
such liability) for replacement or repair thereof or other damages in connection
therewith,  subject only to the reserve for product warranty claims set forth on
the face of the  financial  statements  included  in the  Xtrana  SEC  Documents
(rather  than in any notes  thereto) as adjusted for the passage of time through
the  Effective  Time  in  accordance   Xtrana's  ordinary  course  of  business,
consistent  with  GAAP.  No  product  designed,  manufactured,  sold,  leased or
delivered by Xtrana is subject to any guaranty,  warranty or other  indemnity or
similar liability beyond the applicable standard terms and conditions of sale or
lease.

         4.22     BENEFIT PLANS. The Xtrana Disclosure  Schedule contains a true
and complete  list of each  Benefit  Plan  currently  sponsored,  maintained  or
contributed  to by Xtrana as well as any  "employee  benefit plan" as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA of Xtrana.  Any special tax status enjoyed by such plan is
noted on such schedule.  With respect to each Benefit Plan and "employee benefit
plan"  identified  on the Xtrana  Disclosure  Schedule,  Xtrana  has  heretofore
delivered  or made  available  to AIC  true  and  complete  copies  of the  plan
documents and any amendments  thereto (or, if the plan is not written, a written
description  thereof).  Xtrana  has  performed  in  all  material  respects  all
obligations required to be performed by it under each Benefit Plan and "employee
benefit  plan"  identified  on the  Xtrana  Disclosure  Schedule,  and each


                                       30
<PAGE>


such Benefit Plan has been  established and maintained in all material  respects
in  accordance  with its  terms  and in  compliance  with all  applicable  laws,
statutes,  orders, rules and regulations,  including but not limited to ERISA or
the  Code.  Xtrana's  records  accurately  reflect  its  employees'   employment
histories,  including their hours of service, and all such data is maintained in
a usable form.  Xtrana has taken all actions  required to terminate  the Xtrana,
Inc. 401(k) Plan.

         4.23     DISCLOSURE.  None of the  information  supplied  by  Xtrana in
connection  with  the  solicitation  by AIC of the  AIC  Shareholders'  Approval
contained  any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or  omitted to state any
material  fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading.

5.       COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIOR TO MERGER.

         5.1      CONDUCT  OF AIC,  XTRANA  AND  MERGERCO.  Except as  expressly
permitted  by  this  Agreement,  between  the  date of  this  Agreement  and the
Effective  Time,  each of Xtrana and AIC shall  conduct its business only in the
ordinary course in substantially  the same manner as heretofore  conducted,  and
use  all  its  reasonable  efforts  to  preserve  intact  its  present  business
organization and employees and to preserve the goodwill of Persons with which it
has business relations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except
as  otherwise  expressly  provided in this  Agreement,  between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective  Time, (i) each of Xtrana and AIC shall pay accounts
payable and pay and perform other  obligations  of its business when they become
due and  payable  in the  ordinary  course  of  business  consistent  with  past
practice, or when required to be performed, as the case may be, and (ii) each of
Xtrana, MergerCo and AIC shall (unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing):

                  5.1.1    not amend or alter its  certificate  or  articles  of
incorporation,  bylaws,  or similar  charter  documents  (except as  required to
effect the Reverse  Stock Split (as defined in SECTION 6.4.2 below) and the Note
Conversion);

                  5.1.2    not engage in any  transaction,  except in the normal
and ordinary course of business,  or create or suffer to exist any Lien or other
encumbrance upon any of its assets or which will not be discharged in full prior
to the Effective Time;

                  5.1.3    not  sell,  exchange,   lease,  assign  or  otherwise
transfer any of its assets, or cancel or compromise any debts or claims relating
to their assets,  other than for fair value, in the ordinary course of business,
and consistent with past practice;

                  5.1.4    not, other than in connection  with the Reverse Stock
Split, with respect to Xtrana, and the Note Conversion, with respect to AIC, (i)
declare,  set  aside or pay any  dividends  on or make  other  distributions  in
respect of any of its capital shares,  (ii) split,  combine,  reclassify or take
similar  action with respect to any of its capital  shares or issue or authorize
or propose the issuance of any other  securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
substitution for its capital shares (other than the Reverse Stock Split),  (iii)
adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions  providing for or
authorizing such liquidation or a dissolution, merger,


                                       31
<PAGE>


consolidation, restructuring,  recapitalization or other reorganization, or (iv)
directly or  indirectly  redeem,  repurchase  or  otherwise  acquire any capital
shares or any option with respect thereto,  except for repurchases in connection
with an  existing  option  plan that  result  from a  participant's  use of such
Party's Common Stock to exercise options or pay withholding  taxes in connection
with such exercise;

                  5.1.5    not sell,  issue,  grant or authorize the issuance or
grant of any capital  stock,  other security  (including  the sale,  transfer or
grant of any treasury shares) or any obligation  convertible or exchangeable for
capital  stock  or any  other  security,  except  that  (i) AIC may  issue up to
7,343,418  shares  of AIC  Series  A-1  Preferred  Stock  pursuant  to the  Note
Conversion, (ii) AIC may issue AIC Common Stock upon the valid exercise of stock
options and warrants  outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and (iii) AIC
may grant options to purchase shares of AIC Common Stock at fair market value in
the ordinary course of business  consistent with past practice to its employees,
officers, directors and consultants;

                  5.1.6    not fail to use reasonable efforts to preserve intact
its present business organizations, keep available the services of its employees
(except as expressly  provided  herein) and preserve its material  relationships
with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others, to the
end that its  good  will and  on-going  business  not be  impaired  prior to the
Effective Time;

                  5.1.7    not  organize any  subsidiary  or acquire any capital
stock or other  equity  securities  of any  Person or any  equity  or  ownership
interest in any business;

                  5.1.8    not enter into any instrument  which would constitute
an AIC Contract, as applicable, or enter into any material amendment, supplement
or waiver in respect of any AIC  Contract,  in each case except in the  ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice;

                  5.1.9    not incur any severance  pay  obligation by reason of
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby;

                  5.1.10   not grant or extend any power of attorney  other than
in the ordinary  course of business which does not affect a material part of its
business;

                  5.1.11   keep in full force and effect insurance comparable in
amount and scope of coverage to insurance now carried by it;

                  5.1.12   not make any  material  change with  respect to their
business in accounting or bookkeeping methods,  principles or practices,  except
as required by GAAP;

                  5.1.13   promptly  advise  the other  Party in  writing of any
Material Adverse Effect with respect to it;

                  5.1.14   not agree or otherwise commit,  whether in writing or
otherwise,  to do, or take any  action  or omit to take any  action  that  would
result in, any of the foregoing;


                                       32
<PAGE>


                  5.1.15   not  acquire  or  agree to  acquire,  by  merging  or
consolidating  with,  by  purchasing  an equity  interest in or a portion of the
assets of, by licensing or by any other manner, any business or any corporation,
partnership,  association or other business organization or division thereof, or
otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets of any other Person, except for
the  purchase  of assets from  suppliers  or vendors in the  ordinary  course of
business; or

                  5.1.16   not make any expenditure or enter into any commitment
or transaction  exceeding $30,000 other than purchases in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices.

         5.2      ADVICE OF CHANGES.  Each Party shall promptly advise the other
Party in  writing  of (a) any  event  occurring  subsequent  to the date of this
Agreement that would render any  representation  or warranty of AIC contained in
SECTION 3 or Xtrana  contained in SECTION 4 untrue or  inaccurate  such that the
condition  set forth in  SECTIONS  7.2 or 7.3 would  not be  satisfied,  (b) any
breach of any covenant or obligation of AIC or Xtrana pursuant to this Agreement
such  that  the  condition  set  forth  in  SECTIONS  7.2 and 7.3  would  not be
satisfied,  (c) any Material  Adverse Change or Effect in AIC or Xtrana,  or (d)
any change,  event,  circumstance,  condition or effect that would reasonably be
expected  to result in a Material  Adverse  Change or Effect on AIC or Xtrana or
cause  any of  the  conditions  set  forth  in  SECTIONS  7.2  or 7.3  not to be
satisfied, including any communication related to the ABI Agreements;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this SECTION 5.2 shall not
be deemed to amend or supplement the AIC or Xtrana Disclosure Schedule.

         5.3      SEC REPORTS.  Xtrana shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to (a) cause the  forms,  reports,  schedules,  statements  and other  documents
required to be filed with the SEC by Xtrana  between the date of this  Agreement
and the  Effective  Time to be  filed  in a  timely  manner  and  (b)  remain  a
"reporting person" for purposes of the Exchange Act.

6.       ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.

         6.1      PROMISSORY NOTE. As soon as reasonably practicable, but in any
event within two (2) business days,  following the completion by AIC of the Note
Conversion and delivery of evidence  satisfactory to Xtrana and its counsel that
all obligations under all convertible  promissory notes of AIC outstanding as of
the date hereof have been satisfied in full,  Xtrana shall make a loan to AIC in
the amount of $500,000, in exchange for execution and delivery of the Promissory
Note and the Security  Agreement (as defined in the  Promissory  Note) by AIC to
Xtrana.  The  issuance of the  Promissory  Note,  the  borrowing  of the amounts
thereunder and the grant of the liens  contemplated  by the Promissory  Note and
the Security Agreement by AIC are expressly consented to by the Parties an shall
not constitute a breach of SECTION 5.1 of this Agreement.

         6.2      AIC AUDIT. As soon as practicable  following the execution and
delivery of this Agreement but in no event later March 31, 2005, AIC shall cause
its  consolidated  financial  statements for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2004 and 2003 to be audited (the "AIC AUDITED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS") by a firm
of independent certified public accountants (the "INDEPENDENT  ACCOUNTANTS") and
the  Independent  Accountants  shall have  consented to the inclusion of the AIC
Audited  Financial  Statements,  including the Independent  Accountants'


                                       33
<PAGE>


report  thereon,  in the Proxy  Statement to be filed by Xtrana with the SEC and
delivered to the Xtrana stockholders. The AIC Audited Financial Statements shall
comply with all  applicable  requirements  of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations  of the SEC so that  they may be  included  by  Xtrana  in the Proxy
Statement  and any other  filings  required  to be made by Xtrana  with the SEC.
Xtrana will pay the fees and  expenses of the  Independent  Accountants  for the
audit of the AIC Audited  Financial  Statements and providing  their consent for
inclusion of the AIC Audited  Financial  Statements in the Proxy  Statement (the
"AUDIT FEES") upon submission of invoices by AIC.

         6.3      FAIRNESS HEARING.  Promptly after execution of this Agreement,
the Parties will use  commercially  reasonable  efforts to take,  or cause to be
taken,  all  actions  and to do,  or  cause to be done,  all  things,  including
preparation  and filing with the California  Commissioner of Corporations of the
documents  required  by the  California  Corporations  Code,  including  but not
limited to any  required  Permit  Application,  request for a hearing  ("HEARING
REQUEST") or notice of a hearing  ("HEARING  NOTICE") pursuant to Sections 25121
and  25142  of  the  California  Corporations  Code  (collectively  the  "NOTICE
MATERIALS"),  in  connection  with the  Merger  and the  issuance  of the Merger
Consideration  and the  assumption  or  replacement  of the Assumed  Options and
Warrants,  in order to perfect  the  exemption  from  registration  provided  by
Section  3(a)(10)  of the  Securities  Act.  Each  Party  will use  commercially
reasonable efforts to have the Permit  Application,  Hearing Request and Hearing
Notice   declared   effective  and  to  obtain  the  permit  of  the  California
Commissioner  of  Corporation  under  the  California   Corporations  Code  (the
"PERMIT") as promptly as practicable after such filing. Each of the Parties will
promptly  provide all  information  relating to their  respective  business  and
operations  necessary  for  inclusion  in the Notice  Materials  to satisfy  all
requirements  of  applicable  state and  federal  securities  laws.  Each of the
Parties will be solely responsible for any statement, information or omission in
the  Notice  Materials  relating  to it  or  its  Affiliates  upon  the  written
information furnished by it or its representatives.

         6.4      STOCKHOLDER APPROVALS.

                  6.4.1    AIC SHAREHOLDERS' APPROVAL. AIC shall, as promptly as
practicable  following  obtaining the Permit, duly submit this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement to the AIC Shareholders for approval
and  adoption.  In  connection  with the Merger,  this  Agreement  and the other
transactions  contemplated  hereby,  the  Board of  Directors  of AIC  shall (i)
recommend to the AIC Shareholders that they consent to, and use all commercially
reasonable  efforts  to obtain the  approvals  by the AIC  Shareholders,  of the
Merger, this Agreement and the other transactions  contemplated hereby, and (ii)
otherwise  comply with all  requirements of applicable law and AIC's Articles of
Incorporation  and Bylaws in connection  with  obtaining  the AIC  Shareholders'
Approval.  AIC shall prepare and  distribute to the AIC  Shareholders  a consent
solicitation  disclosure  statement  in  connection  with  the  solicitation  of
consents to obtain the AIC  Shareholders'  Approval,  and shall provide Xtrana a
reasonable  period  of time to  review  the  disclosure  statement  prepared  in
connection  with  such  consent  solicitation  prior  to the  delivery  of  such
disclosure statement to the AIC Shareholders.

                  6.4.2    XTRANA  STOCKHOLDERS'   MEETING.   Xtrana  shall,  as
promptly as  practicable  following  the  delivery of the AIC Audited  Financial
Statements,  duly  call,  give  notice  of,  convene  and hold a meeting  of its
stockholders (the "XTRANA  STOCKHOLDERS'  MEETING")


                                       34
<PAGE>


for the purpose of approving (a) the Merger  pursuant to this  Agreement and the
other  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  (b) the  change  of its
corporate  name  to  Alpha  Innotech  Corp.,  and  (c)  the  authorization  of a
one-for-ten  reverse  split of the Xtrana  Common Stock to effected  immediately
prior the Effective  Time (the "REVERSE STOCK  SPLIT").  In connection  with the
Merger, this Agreement and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the Board
of Directors of Xtrana shall (i)  recommend to the  stockholders  of Xtrana that
they  consent  to,  and use all  commercially  reasonable  efforts to obtain the
approvals by the stockholders of Xtrana,  of the Merger,  this Agreement and the
other  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  and (ii)  otherwise  comply with all
requirements  of applicable law and Xtrana's  Certificate of  Incorporation  and
Bylaws in connection with obtaining the Xtrana Shareholders' Approval.

         6.5      BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS FOLLOWING CLOSING.

                  6.5.1    BOARD OF  DIRECTORS.  Xtrana  covenants and agrees to
take all actions  necessary such that,  immediately  following the Closing,  the
Board of Directors of Xtrana shall consist of the following individuals:

                  Nagesh Mhatre, Ph.D.               William Snider
                  Haseeb Chaudhry                    Michael Bick, Ph.D.
                  Darryl Ray, Ph.D.                  James Chamberlain

who shall  serve as the  directors  of Xtrana,  each of such  directors  to hold
office, subject to the applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws of Xtrana, in each case, until their respective successors shall have
been  elected  and  qualified  or until  otherwise  provided  by law.  All other
directors  of Xtrana  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time  shall  resign,
effective as of the Effective Time.

                  6.5.2    OFFICERS. Each of the Parties covenants and agrees to
take all actions  necessary such that,  immediately  following the Closing,  the
officers of Xtrana  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time shall  resign and
shall be replaced by the following individuals:

                  Haseeb Chaudhry..................  Chief Executive Officer
                  Darryl Ray, Ph.D.................  President, Chief  Financing
                                                     Officer and Chief Operating
                                                     Officer

who shall serve as officers of Xtrana  subject to the  applicable  provisions of
the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Xtrana, in each case, until their
respective successors shall have been duly appointed or until otherwise provided
by law.

         6.6      ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY.

                  6.6.1    ACCESS.  Each of Xtrana and AIC shall,  and shall (a)
cause  its  officers,   employees,   counsel,   financial   advisors  and  other
representatives to, afford to the other Party and its representatives reasonable
access  during  normal  business  hours during the period prior to the Effective
Time to its properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records and
(b) during such period,  cause its officers,  employees and  representatives to,
furnish


                                       35
<PAGE>


promptly to the other Party all information concerning its business, properties,
financial condition,  operations and personnel as such other Party may from time
to time  reasonably  request.  Except as required by law, each of AIC and Xtrana
will  hold,  and will  cause  its  respective  directors,  officers,  employees,
accountants,   counsel,   financial  advisors  and  other   representatives  and
Affiliates  to hold,  any  nonpublic  information  in strict  confidence  and in
accordance with the provisions of the  Nondisclosure  Agreement dated August 30,
2004 between AIC and Xtrana.

                  6.6.2    LIMITATIONS.   No  investigation   pursuant  to  this
SECTION 6.6 shall affect any representations or warranties of the parties herein
or the conditions to the obligations of the parties hereto.

         6.7      COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS. Upon the terms and subject to
the  conditions set forth in this  Agreement,  each of the parties agrees to use
its commercially  reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions,
and to do,  or cause to be done,  and to  assist  and  cooperate  with the other
parties in doing,  all things  necessary,  proper or advisable to consummate and
make effective,  in the most expeditious manner practicable,  the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Xtrana and AIC will use their
commercially  reasonable  efforts and cooperate with one another (i) in promptly
determining whether any filings are required to be made or consents,  approvals,
waivers, permits or authorizations are required to be obtained (or, which if not
obtained,  would result in an event of default,  termination or  acceleration of
any agreement or any put right under any agreement)  under any applicable law or
regulation or from any Governmental Entities or third parties, including parties
to loan  agreements  or other debt  instruments  and  including  such  consents,
approvals, waivers, permits or authorizations as may be required to transfer the
assets  and  related  liabilities  of AIC to the  Surviving  Corporation  in the
Merger, in connection with the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, and
(ii) in promptly making any such filings, in furnishing  information required in
connection  therewith  and in  timely  seeking  to  obtain  any  such  consents,
approvals, permits or authorizations.

         6.8      PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. No party will issue any press release or
other statements to any third party (other than to their respective agents) with
respect to the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement  without the express
written  consent  of the other  parties,  except as may be advised by counsel is
necessary under applicable securities laws.

         6.9      PREPARATION OF PROXY STATEMENT.  Xtrana shall prepare and file
with the SEC promptly after receiving the AIC Audited Financial  Statement,  the
Proxy Statement with such assistance from AIC as may be required. If at any time
prior to the  Effective  Time of the Merger any event shall occur that should be
set forth in an amendment or a supplement to the Proxy  Statement,  Xtrana shall
prepare and file with the SEC such amendment or supplement as soon thereafter as
is reasonably practicable. Xtrana and AIC shall cooperate with each other in the
preparation of the Proxy  Statement,  and Xtrana shall notify AIC of the receipt
of any  comments  of the SEC with  respect  to the  Proxy  Statement  and of any
requests by the SEC for any  amendment or supplement  thereto or for  additional
information,  and shall  provide to AIC  promptly  copies of all  correspondence
between the Xtrana or any  representative  of Xtrana and the SEC with respect to
the  Proxy  Statement.   Xtrana  shall  give  AIC  and  its  counsel  reasonable
opportunity  to review the Proxy  Statement  and all  responses  to requests for
additional


                                       36
<PAGE>


information by and replies to comments of the SEC before their being filed with,
or  sent  to,  the  SEC.  Each of  Xtrana  and AIC  agrees  to use  commercially
reasonable efforts, after consultation with the other parties hereto, to respond
promptly to all such  comments of and requests by the SEC and to cause the Proxy
Statement to be mailed to the holders of Xtrana Common Stock entitled to vote at
the Xtrana Stockholders' Meeting at the earliest practicable time.

         6.10     AMENDING  SCHEDULES.  From time to time prior to the  Closing,
the Parties  shall  promptly  supplement  or amend AIC  Disclosure  Schedules or
Xtrana Disclosure  Schedules,  as applicable,  hereto with respect to any matter
arising after the date of this Agreement  which, if existing or occurring at the
date of this  Agreement,  would have been required to have been set forth in AIC
Disclosure  Schedules  or  Xtrana  Disclosure  Schedules,  as  applicable.  Such
supplement   or   amendment   shall  have  the  effect  of  curing  any  related
misrepresentation or breach of warranty made in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, each Party shall have a five
(5)  business  days  following  receipt  of  any  supplemented  or  amended  AIC
Disclosure  Schedules  or Xtrana  Disclosure  Schedules,  as  applicable,  which
supplement or amend the AIC Disclosure Schedules or Xtrana Disclosure Schedules,
as  applicable,  in a material  respect to elect (a) to terminate this Agreement
without  any further  liability  to any other  Party  hereunder,  or (b) in such
non-amending  Party's  sole  discretion,  to  elect  to waive  such  breach  and
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         6.11     DEFERRED   COMPENSATION.   At  the  Closing,  AIC's  aggregate
obligations for all deferred  compensation  shall be not more than $550,000 (the
"DEFERRED  COMPENSATION").  A  schedule  of the  Deferred  Compensation  will be
delivered  by AIC to  Xtrana  prior the  Closing  and will be  attached  to this
Agreement as SCHEDULE 6.11. At or promptly following the Closing,  the Surviving
Corporation  or  Xtrana  may  pay up to a  total  of  $100,000  of the  Deferred
Compensation.  Following the Closing, the Surviving Corporation and Xtrana shall
be  permitted  to pay up to a total  $30,000 of the  Deferred  Compensation  per
month; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that no payment of any Deferred Compensation shall be
permitted  to the extent such payment  would  result in Xtrana  having less than
$1.7 million in cash following the payment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  all
remaining  Deferred  Compensation  may be paid by the Surviving  Corporation  or
Xtrana at any time after June 30, 2006.

         6.12     EXPENSES.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, all
costs  and  expenses   incurred  in  connection  with  this  Agreement  and  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  shall be paid by the  Party  incurring  such
expenses.

         6.13     NO SOLICITATION.  Except as previously agreed to in writing by
the other Party,  neither AIC nor Xtrana nor any of their  respective  officers,
directors,  agents,  representatives,  or advisors  shall  solicit,  initiate or
encourage  or take  any  action  to  facilitate  the  submission  of  inquiries,
proposals  or offers  from any  Person  relating  to any matter  concerning  any
merger, consolidation,  business combination, acquisition of all or any material
part of the assets,  business or stock,  recapitalization or similar transaction
involving AIC or Xtrana,  respectively,  other than the transaction contemplated
by this Agreement or any other  transaction  the  consummation of which would or
could  reasonably be expected to impede,  interfere  with,  prevent or delay the
Merger or which would or could be expected to dilute the  benefits to AIC of the
transactions contemplated hereby. AIC or Xtrana will immediately cease and cause
to be


                                       37
<PAGE>


terminated  any  existing  activities,  discussions  and  negotiations  with any
parties conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing.

         6.14     DILUTIVE FINANCINGS.  From the Effective Date and for a period
of twelve (12) months  thereafter,  Xtrana  shall not,  directly or  indirectly,
without the unanimous  approval of the Xtrana Board of Directors,  offer or sell
any  shares of Xtrana  Common  Stock,  securities  convertible,  exercisable  or
exchangeable  for Xtrana Common Stock or other equity  securities of Xtrana at a
price per share of Xtrana  Common  Stock  issued  (or  issuable  upon  exercise,
conversion  or  exchange  of such other  securities)  less than one  hundred ten
percent  (110%) of the  Market  Price;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that the  foregoing
restriction  shall not apply to shares of Xtrana  Common  Stock (or  options  to
purchase such shares of Xtrana Common Stock) issued or issuable at not less than
fair market value to officers,  employees,  or directors of, or consultants  to,
Xtrana  pursuant to any stock  purchase or option plan or other  employee  stock
bonus  arrangement  or other  similar  agreement  as approved by Xtrana Board of
Directors  or  upon  exercise  or  conversion  of  any  securities  convertible,
exercisable or exchangeable  for Xtrana Common Stock  outstanding on the Closing
Date.

         6.15     TAX  REPORTING.  Consistent  with the  intent  of the  parties
hereto,  each of AIC and Xtrana  shall  treat,  and cause its  Affiliates  to so
treat, the Merger as a  reorganization  under Section 368(a) with respect to all
Tax Returns, to the extent consistent with law.

         6.16     FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  Each of Xtrana and AIC shall,  and shall
cause its  Subsidiaries  to,  execute such further  actions as may reasonably be
requested by the other in order to consummate  the Merger and other  transaction
contemplated  by this Agreement and to use  commercially  reasonable  efforts to
take or cause to be taken all actions, and to do or cause to be done all things,
necessary,  proper  or  advisable  under  applicable  laws  and  regulations  to
consummated   and  make   effective  the  Merger  and  the  other   transactions
contemplated  hereby,  including fully  cooperating  with the other in obtaining
required  statutory  approvals and  authorization of any  Governmental  Entities
necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

7.       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

         7.1      CONDITIONS  TO EACH PARTY'S  OBLIGATION  TO EFFECT THE MERGER.
The respective  obligations of each Party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction  or  waiver  on or  prior  to the  Closing  Date  of the  following
conditions:

                  7.1.1    STOCKHOLDER   APPROVAL.   The  Xtrana   Stockholders'
Approval shall have been obtained.

                  7.1.2    FAIRNESS  HEARING.  Xtrana  shall have been  issued a
permit  from the  California  Department  of  Corporations  with  respect to the
issuance of Xtrana  Common  Stock  pursuant to this  Agreement,  and such permit
shall be in full force and effect.

                  7.1.3    NO   INJUNCTIONS   OR   RESTRAINTS.    No   temporary
restraining order,  preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by
any court of competent  jurisdiction  or other legal  restraint  or  prohibition
preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect.


                                       38
<PAGE>


                  7.1.4    REVERSE  STOCK SPLIT.  Xtrana shall have effected the
Reverse Stock Split.

         7.2      CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF XTRANA. The obligations of Xtrana
to effect the Merger are further subject to the following conditions:

                  7.2.1    REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES.  The representations
and warranties of AIC set forth in this  Agreement  shall be true and correct in
all material  respects,  in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, unless made as of
another  date,  in which  case they shall be true and  correct  in all  material
respects as of such date.

                  7.2.2    PERFORMANCE  OF  OBLIGATIONS  OF AIC.  AIC shall have
performed in all material  respects all obligations  required to be performed by
it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.

                  7.2.3    NO  MATERIAL  ADVERSE  CHANGE.  Since the date hereof
there  must  have been no  event,  series  of  events or the lack of  occurrence
thereof which,  singularly or in the aggregate,  could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on AIC.

                  7.2.4    CONSENTS,  ETC. Xtrana shall have received  evidence,
in form  and  substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to it,  that  such  licenses,
permits,  consents,  approvals,  authorizations,  qualifications  and  orders of
Governmental  Entities and other third parties as necessary in  connection  with
the transactions contemplated hereby have been obtained.

                  7.2.5    SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL.  The AIC Shareholders' Approval
shall  have been  obtained  by a vote of  holders at least 90% of the issued and
outstanding AIC Shares.

                  7.2.6    NO  DISSENTERS.   No  AIC  Shareholders   shall  have
dissented  to the  Merger  or be  entitled  to  exercise  dissenters'  rights in
connection with the Merger.

                  7.2.7    NO   LITIGATION.   There  shall  not  be  pending  or
threatened by any Governmental  Entity any suit, action or proceeding (or by any
other Person any suit, action or proceeding which has a reasonable likelihood of
success)  challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the
Merger.

                  7.2.8    CONVERSION  OF  CONVERTIBLE  NOTES.  All  convertible
notes or other  convertible  debt  obligations  of AIC shall have been converted
into equity securities of AIC prior the Closing.

                  7.2.9    DEFERRED  COMPENSATION.  AIC's aggregate  obligations
for all deferred compensation shall be not more than $550,000.

                  7.2.10   LEGAL  OPINION.  Xtrana shall have received the legal
opinion of counsel to AIC, in substantially the form of EXHIBIT F hereto.

                  7.2.11   OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE.  Xtrana shall have received an
officer's certificate,  substantially in the form of EXHIBIT D, duly executed on
AIC's behalf.


                                       39
<PAGE>


                  7.2.12   SECRETARY'S CERTIFICATE. Xtrana shall have received a
Secretary's  certificate,  substantially in the form of EXHIBIT E, duly executed
on AIC's behalf.

                  7.2.13   TERMINATION OF AIC  SHAREHOLDER  AGREEMENTS.  Each of
(a) that certain Alpha Innotech Corporation Amended and Restated Information and
Registration  Rights  Agreement  among AIC and the  persons  listed on Exhibit A
thereto and (b) that certain  Alpha  Innotech  Corporation  Amended and Restated
Voting  Agreement  among AIC and the AIC  Shareholders  (in each  case,  as such
agreements may be amended in connection  with the Note Conversion or otherwise),
shall have been  terminated  or shall  automatically  terminate at the Effective
Time.

         7.3      CONDITIONS  TO  OBLIGATION  OF AIC. The  obligation  of AIC to
effect the Merger is further subject to the following conditions:

                  7.3.1    REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES.  The representations
and warranties of Xtrana set forth in this  Agreement  shall be true and correct
in all material  respects,  in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as
of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, unless made as
of another  date,  in which case they shall be true and correct in all  material
respects as of such date.

                  7.3.2    PERFORMANCE OF  OBLIGATIONS  OF XTRANA.  Xtrana shall
have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.

                  7.3.3    NO  MATERIAL  ADVERSE  CHANGE.  Since the date hereof
there  must  have been no  event,  series  of  events or the lack of  occurrence
thereof which,  singularly or in the aggregate,  could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Xtrana.

                  7.3.4    CONSENTS,  ETC. AIC shall have received evidence,  in
form and substance reasonably  satisfactory to it, that such licenses,  permits,
consents, approvals,  authorizations,  qualifications and orders of Governmental
Entities  and  other  third  parties  as  necessary  in   connection   with  the
transactions contemplated hereby have been obtained.

                  7.3.5    NO   LITIGATION.   There  shall  not  be  pending  or
threatened by any Governmental  Entity any suit, action or proceeding (or by any
other Person any suit, action or proceeding which has a reasonable likelihood of
success)  challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the
Merger.

                  7.3.6    RESIGNATIONS.  Xtrana  shall  deliver to AIC  written
resignations  of the members of the Xtrana Board of Directors not  continuing as
directors  following the Effective Time and of all of the officers of Xtrana, as
required by SECTION 6.5.

                  7.3.7    NAME CHANGE.  Xtrana shall have changed its corporate
name, as of the Closing, to "Alpha Innotech Corp.".

                  7.3.8    LEGAL  OPINION.  AIC shall  have  received  the legal
opinion of counsel to Xtrana, in substantially the form of EXHIBIT I hereto.


                                       40
<PAGE>


                  7.3.9    OFFICER'S  CERTIFICATE.  AIC shall have  received  an
officer's certificate,  substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G, duly executed on
Xtrana's behalf.

                  7.3.10   SECRETARY'S  CERTIFICATE.  AIC shall have  received a
Secretary's  certificate,  substantially in the form of EXHIBIT H, duly executed
on Xtrana's behalf.

                  7.3.11   CASH  AND  CASH   EQUIVALENTS.   The  cash  and  cash
equivalents less current  liabilities of Xtrana on the Closing Date shall be not
less  than  the  Minimum  Closing  Date  Cash  and AIC  shall  have  received  a
certificate from Xtrana to such effect signed by a duly authorized officer.

8.       TERMINATION.

         8.1      TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated and abandoned at
any time prior to the Effective Time:

                  8.1.1    by mutual written consent of Xtrana and AIC;

                  8.1.2    by either  Xtrana or AIC if any  Governmental  Entity
shall  have  issued  an order,  decree  or  ruling  or taken  any  other  action
permanently enjoining,  restraining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such
order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and nonappealable;

                  8.1.3    by either  Xtrana or AIC if the Merger shall not have
been  consummated  on or before  July 31,  2005  (other  than as a result of the
failure  of the Party  seeking  to  terminate  this  Agreement  to  perform  its
obligations  under this  Agreement  required to be  performed at or prior to the
Effective Time);

                  8.1.4    by Xtrana,  if a Material  Adverse  Change shall have
occurred relative to AIC;

                  8.1.5    by  Xtrana,  if AIC  materially  breaches  any of its
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or willfully fails to
perform in any  material  respect  any of its  material  obligations  under this
Agreement,  which  failure  or breach is not cured  within  ten (10) days  after
Xtrana has  notified  AIC of its or their  intent to  terminate  this  Agreement
pursuant to this SECTION 8.1.5;

                  8.1.6    by Xtrana, if the AIC Shareholders do not approve and
adopt the Merger and the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement under the
CGCL;

                  8.1.7    by AIC,  if a  Material  Adverse  Change  shall  have
occurred relative to Xtrana;

                  8.1.8    by AIC,  if  Xtrana  materially  breaches  any of its
representations  and warranties  contained in this Agreement  willfully fails to
perform in any  material  respect  any of its  material  obligations  under this
Agreement,  in each case,  which  failure or breach is not cured within ten (10)
days after AIC has  notified  Xtrana of its or their  intent to  terminate  this
Agreement pursuant to this SECTION 8.1.7; and


                                       41
<PAGE>


                  8.1.9    by AIC, if the  stockholders of Xtrana vote to reject
the  approval and adoption of the Merger and the  transactions  contemplated  by
this Agreement under the CGCL and the Delaware General Corporation Code.

         8.2      TERMINATION FEE.

                  8.2.1    If this  Agreement is terminated by: (i) AIC pursuant
to SECTIONS  8.1.3,  8.1.7,  8.1.8 or 8.1.9 or (ii)  Xtrana  pursuant to SECTION
8.1.3,  then Xtrana shall pay $100,000 to AIC by offset against the  obligations
of AIC to Xtrana pursuant to the Promissory Note, in each case to compensate AIC
for,  among other  things,  its  expenses  and  management  time in pursuing the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and for lost opportunity costs.

                  8.2.2    If this Agreement is terminated for any reason,  then
the Promissory  Note shall become due and payable on the date that is six months
from the date of such termination and in accordance with its terms.

         8.3      EFFECT OF  TERMINATION.  In the event of  termination  of this
Agreement  by either AIC or Xtrana as provided in SECTION  8.1,  this  Agreement
shall  forthwith  become  void and have no  effect,  without  any  liability  or
obligation on the part of Xtrana or AIC,  other than the  provisions of the last
sentence of SECTION 6.6.1, SECTION 8.2, SECTION 8.4, SECTION 10 and this SECTION
8.3. Nothing contained in this Section shall relieve any Party for any breach of
the  representations,  warranties,  covenants  or  agreements  set forth in this
Agreement.

         8.4      RETURN  OF  DOCUMENTS.  In the  event of  termination  of this
Agreement  for any reason,  Xtrana and AIC will return to the other Party all of
the other Party's documents, work papers, and other materials (including copies)
relating to the  transactions  contemplated in this Agreement,  whether obtained
before or after  execution  of this  Agreement.  Xtrana and AIC will not use any
information  so obtained  from the other Party for any purpose and will take all
reasonable steps to have such other Party's information kept confidential.

9.       INDEMNIFICATION AND RELATED MATTERS.

         9.1      SURVIVAL.  All  representations,   warranties,  covenants  and
agreements  of  contained  in this  Agreement  or in any  certificate  delivered
pursuant to this  Agreement  shall  survive  the Closing for a period  ending on
March 31, 2006.

         9.2      TIME  LIMITATIONS.  Neither  Xtrana  nor AIC  shall  have  any
liability (for  indemnification or otherwise) with respect to any representation
or  warranty,  or  agreement  to be  performed  and  complied  with prior to the
Effective Time, unless on or before March 31, 2006 (the "CLAIMS DEADLINE"),  the
indemnifying  party is given written notice of a claim with respect thereto,  in
accordance with SECTION 9.5, specifying the factual basis therefor in reasonable
detail to the extent then known by the party claiming indemnification hereunder.

         9.3      INDEMNIFICATION.

                  9.3.1    BY  XTRANA.  Subject  to SECTION  9.4,  Xtrana  shall
indemnify and hold harmless the AIC Indemnified Parties, and shall reimburse the
AIC  Indemnified  Parties  for,  any loss,  liability,  claim,  damage,  expense
(including, but not limited to, costs of investigation


                                       42
<PAGE>


and  defense  and   reasonable   attorneys'   fees)  or   diminution   of  value
(collectively, "DAMAGES") arising from or in connection with (a) any inaccuracy,
in any material respect,  in any of the representations and warranties of Xtrana
in this Agreement or in any  certificate  delivered by Xtrana to AIC pursuant to
this  Agreement,  (b) any failure by Xtrana to perform or comply in any material
respect with any  agreement in this  Agreement,  (c) any claim by any Person for
brokerage for finder's fees or  commissions  or similar  payments based upon any
agreement  or  understanding  alleged to have been made by any such  Person with
Xtrana (or any Person  acting on their  behalf)  in  connection  with any of the
transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement,  or (d) any  litigation,  action,
claim, proceeding or investigation by any third party relating to or arising out
of the business or operations of Xtrana, or the actions of Xtrana,  its officers
or directors or any holder of Xtrana capital stock prior to the Effective  Time,
including  any Damages  relating  to or arising  out of a claim by ABI,  against
Xtrana for indemnification pursuant to the Assignment Agreement to the extent is
relates to a breach  occurring prior to the Effective Time;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,
AIC shall not be  entitled to  indemnification  from  Xtrana  hereunder  for any
Damages  arising from or in  connection  with a claim by ABI against  Xtrana for
indemnification  under the  Assignment  Agreement  for a breach of any  covenant
contained in the Assignment  Agreement occurring after the Effective Time or for
recovery of any costs  incurred by ABI as a result of a any such  breach.  After
the Effective Time the Xtrana Post-Merger  Representative shall act as the agent
of the Xtrana  Indemnified  Parties for purposes of representing  and protecting
their  interests under this SECTION 9. The Parties shall cooperate with Xtrana's
Post-Merger  Representative in connection with the reasonable performance of its
responsibilities hereunder, including by providing it with access to information
about Xtrana and the Surviving  Corporation that is reasonably  necessary for it
to determine whether a claims for indemnification hereunder should be made.

                  9.3.2    BY AIC.  Subject to SECTION 9.4, AIC shall  indemnify
and hold harmless the Xtrana Indemnified Parties, and shall reimburse the Xtrana
Indemnified  Parties for, any Damages arising from or in connection with (a) any
inaccuracy,  in  any  material  respect,  in  any  of  the  representations  and
warranties of AIC in this  Agreement or in any  certificate  delivered by AIC to
Xtrana pursuant to this  Agreement,  (b) any failure by AIC to perform or comply
in any material  respect with any agreement in this Agreement,  (c) any claim by
any Person for brokerage for finder's fees or  commissions  or similar  payments
based upon any agreement or understanding  alleged to have been made by any such
Person with AIC (or any Person acting on their behalf) in connection with any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (d) any litigation,  action,
claim, proceeding or investigation by any third party relating to or arising out
of the  business or  operations  of AIC,  or the actions of AIC its  officers or
directors  or any  holder of AIC  capital  stock  prior to the  Effective  Time,
including without limitation any Damages relating to or arising out of any claim
for patent  infringement by or on behalf of Oxford Gene Technology  (relating to
U.S. Patents Nos. 5,436,327,  6,054,270, 5,700,637 and 6,307,039),  Perkin-Elmer
Life  Science  (relating  to U.S.  Patent  No.  4,874,492),  or  Clare  Chemical
Research, Inc. (relating to U.S. Patents No. 6,512,236 and 6,198,107). After the
Effective Time the AIC Post-Merger  Representative shall act as the agent of the
AIC  Indemnified  Parties for  purposes of  representing  and  protecting  their
interests  under  this  SECTION  9.  The  Parties  shall  cooperate  with  AIC's
Post-Merger  Representative in connection with the reasonable performance of its
responsibilities hereunder, including by providing it with access to information
about Xtrana or the Surviving Corporation that is reasonably necessary for it to
determine whether a claims for indemnification hereunder should be made.


                                       43
<PAGE>


         9.4      LIMITATION  ON CLAIMS.  No claims shall be payable  under this
SECTION 9 with  respect to any Damages  unless and until the  aggregate  Damages
owing  under this  SECTION 9 in respect of any  Indemnitee  (as  defined  below)
exceed   $100,000,   in  which  case  the   Indemnitee   shall  be  entitled  to
indemnification  from the  indemnifying  party for all Damages without regard to
such threshold.  As used herein,  an  "INDEMNITEE"  means one or more of the AIC
Indemnified  Parties or the Xtrana  Indemnified  Parties to the extent that such
parties  seek  indemnification  from the other  pursuant to this  SECTION 9. The
Xtrana Indemnified Parties' sole and exclusive remedy for indemnification claims
against  AIC under  this  Agreement  shall  consist  of its right to set off any
Damages against the Holdback  Shares and the AIC  Indemnified  Parties' sole and
exclusive remedy for indemnification  claims against Xtrana under this Agreement
shall consist of their right to receive additional shares of Xtrana Common Stock
out of the AIC Indemnification  Shares, in either case pursuant to the procedure
described in SECTION 9.5 hereof.  No claims shall be payable with respect to any
representation  or warranty  unless  such claim is  asserted  in writing  within
twelve (12)  months  after the Closing  Date (the  "INDEMNIFICATION  TERMINATION
PERIOD"). For the purposes of this SECTION 9.4 a month shall be deemed to elapse
at 5:00 p.m.  California  time on the day of the month on which the Closing Date
occurred.  (For  example,  if the Effective  Time occurs on March 15, 2005,  the
sixth month would be deemed to elapse at 5:00 p.m.  California time on September
15, 2005.) All Holdback Shares not then subject to indemnification  claims under
SECTION  9.3.2  hereof  shall be released to the AIC's  pre-Merger  shareholders
pursuant  to the  terms  of the  Escrow  Agreement  upon the  expiration  of the
Indemnification  Termination  Period.  All AIC  Indemnification  Shares not then
subject to  indemnification  claims under SECTION 9.3.1 hereof shall be released
from escrow and permanently  cancelled pursuant to the Escrow Agreement upon the
expiration of the Indemnification Termination Period.

         9.5      COMPENSATION FOR INDEMNIFIED LOSSES.

                  9.5.1    NOTICE OF CLAIM.  Losses  for which  Indemnitees  are
entitled to  indemnification  under this SECTION 9 shall,  after the Merger,  be
reimbursed as determined  pursuant to this SECTION 9.5. To initiate a claim, the
Indemnitee   shall  deliver  a  notice  of  claim  to  the  Xtrana   Post-Merger
Representative or the AIC Post-Merger Representative,  as applicable. The notice
shall include a description in reasonable detail of the amount and nature of any
Damages that the  Indemnitee  claims have been  suffered and the amount  thereof
sought to be  indemnified.  If the party  from which  indemnification  is sought
decides to dispute the claim, it shall, within thirty (30) days after receipt of
the notice or claim,  give  counter-notice  to the  Indemnitee  setting forth in
reasonable detail the basis for disputing the claim. If, within thirty (30) days
after the giving of a  counter-notice  by party form  which  indemnification  is
sought, the parties have not reached agreement as to the  indemnification  claim
in  question,  then the claim for  indemnification  shall be submitted to and be
settled by arbitration as provided below. If the AIC Post-Merger  Representative
submitted the claim, and no  counter-notice  is given, the AIC Indemnified Party
shall receive such number of AIC Indemnification  Shares that when multiplied by
the Market  Price is equal to the  amount of the  award,  up to a maximum of the
number of AIC  Indemnification  Shares not  previously  issued  pursuant to this
SECTION 9.5. If Xtrana's Post-Merger  Representative submitted the claim, and no
counter-notice  is given,  the number of Holdback  Shares  shall be  permanently
reduced by that number of shares,  that when  multiplied  by the Market Price is
equal to the amount of the award, up to a maximum of the


                                       44
<PAGE>


number of Holdback Shares not previously  cancelled and removed from escrow as a
result of indemnification awards pursuant to this SECTION 9.

                  9.5.2    INDEMNIFICATION  AWARDS.  If an AIC Indemnified Party
is entitled to an indemnification award, such party shall receive such number of
AIC Indemnification  Shares that when multiplied by the Market Price is equal to
the  amount of the award,  up to a maximum of the number of AIC  Indemnification
Shares  not  previously  issued  pursuant  to  this  SECTION  9.  If  an  Xtrana
Indemnified Party is entitled to an indemnification  award, it shall permanently
reduce the number of Holdback  Shares by that number of  Holdback  Shares,  that
when multiplied by the Market Price is equal to the amount of the award, up to a
maximum of the number of Holdback  Shares not  previously  cancelled and removed
from escrow as a result of indemnification awards pursuant to this SECTION 9.

         9.6      SOLE REMEDY.  Other than claims based on fraud or for specific
performance,  injunctive or other equitable  relief,  the indemnity  provided in
this SECTION 9 shall be the sole and exclusive  remedy of the parties  hereto at
law or equity for any matter covered by SECTION 9.3.

         9.7      INDEMNIFICATION  OF POST-MERGER  REPRESENTATIVES.  Each of the
Post-Merger Representatives shall be indemnified and held harmless by Xtrana and
the Surviving  Corporation for all actions taken in connection with this SECTION
9 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

10.      GENERAL PROVISIONS.

         10.1     POST-MERGER REPRESENTATIVES.

                  10.1.1   AIC POST-MERGER  REPRESENTATIVE.  By approval of this
Agreement,   each  of  the  AIC   Shareholders   appoints  the  AIC  Post-Merger
Representative as the true and lawful agent and  attorney-in-fact of such Person
with full  powers of  substitution  to act in the name,  place and stead of such
Person with respect to the  performance on behalf of such Person under terms and
provisions of this Agreement and the Escrow  Agreement,  as the same may be from
time to time amended,  and to do or refrain from doing all such further acts and
things, and to execute all such documents, as the AIC Post-Merger Representative
shall deem necessary or appropriate in connection  with any of the  transactions
contemplated under this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.

                  10.1.2   XTRANA  POST-MERGER  REPRESENTATIVE.  By  approval of
this Agreement,  each of the stockholders of Xtrana approving this Agreement and
the Merger appoints the Xtrana Post-Merger Representative as the true and lawful
agent and  attorney-in-fact  of such Person with full powers of  substitution to
act in the name,  place and stead of such Person with respect to the performance
on behalf of such Person under terms and  provisions  of this  Agreement and the
Escrow  Agreement,  as the same may be from time to time  amended,  and to do or
refrain  from doing all such  further  acts and things,  and to execute all such
documents,  as the Xtrana  Post-Merger  Representative  shall deem  necessary or
appropriate in connection with any of the transactions  contemplated  under this
Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.


                                       45
<PAGE>


                  10.1.3   RELIANCE ON EXPERTS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Each of
the  Post-Merger  Representative  shall act for the AIC  Shareholders  or Xtrana
stockholders,  as applicable,  on all of the matters set forth in this Agreement
and the Escrow Agreement in the manner such Post-Merger  Representative believes
to be in the best interest of such  Persons;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that (i) such
Post-Merger  Representative  shall be entitled to rely on the advice of counsel,
public  accountants or other  independent  experts  experienced in the matter at
issue,  and any error in judgment  or other act or omission of such  Post-Merger
Representative  pursuant  to such  advice  will  not  subject  such  Post-Merger
Representative  to  liability  to any such  Person,  and (ii)  such  Post-Merger
Representative  shall  not be  responsible  to any such  Person  for any loss or
damage  any  such  Person  may  suffer  by  reason  of the  performance  by such
Post-Merger  Representative  of such Person's duties under this Agreement or the
Escrow Agreement,  other than loss or damage arising from willful  misconduct in
the performance of such Post-Merger Representative's duties under this Agreement
or the Escrow Agreement.

         10.2     AMENDMENT.  This  Agreement  may not be  amended  except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the Parties.

         10.3     EXTENSION; WAIVER. The Parties may (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the  obligations  or other acts of the other Parties,  (b)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations  and warranties  contained in this
Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement,  or (c) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement.
Any  agreement  on the part of a Party to any such  extension or waiver shall be
valid only if set forth in an  instrument  in  writing  signed on behalf of such
Party. The failure of any Party to assert any of its rights under this Agreement
or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.

         10.4     NOTICES.  All  notices,  requests,  claims,  demands and other
communications  under this  Agreement  shall be in  writing  and shall be deemed
given  if  delivered  Personally  or  sent by  facsimile,  electronic  mail,  or
overnight courier  (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the following
addresses  (or at such other  address for a Party as shall be  specified by like
notice):

                  if to AIC, to:

                  Alpha Innotech Corporation
                  2401 Merced St.
                  San Leandro, CA 94577
                  Attn:  Chief Executive Officer
                  Fax: 510-483-3227

                  with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

                  Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP
                  4350 La Jolla Village Drive, 7th Floor
                  San Diego, CA 92122
                  Attn: Stephen Ferruolo, Esq.
                  Fax: (858) 450-8499


                                       46
<PAGE>


                  if to Xtrana or MergerCo, to:

                  Xtrana, Inc.
                  c/o James H. Chamberlain, CEO
                  733 Spruce Meadow Place
                  Thousand Oaks, CA 91362
                  Fax:  (805) 494-0832

                  with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

                  Stubbs Alderton & Markiles, LLP
                  15821 Ventura Blvd., Suite 525
                  Encino, CA 91436
                  Attn: Scott Alderton, Esq.
                  Fax:  (818) 444-4520

         10.5     INTERPRETATION.  When a reference is made in this Agreement to
a Section,  Exhibit or Schedule,  such reference shall be to a Section of, or an
Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.  The headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation  of this Agreement.  Whenever the words
"include",  "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement,  they shall be
deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation".

         10.6     ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement
and the other agreements referred to herein constitute the entire agreement, and
supersede all prior agreements and understandings,  both written and oral, among
the parties  with  respect to the subject  matter of this  Agreement.  Except as
expressly  provided  herein,  this  Agreement is not intended to confer upon any
Person other than the parties any rights or remedies.

         10.7     GOVERNING  LAW.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by,  and
construed in accordance  with, the laws of the State of Delaware,  regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of
laws thereof.

         10.8     ASSIGNMENT.  Neither  this  Agreement  nor any of the  rights,
interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned,  in whole or in
part,  by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties  without the prior
written consent of the other parties.  Subject to the preceding  sentence,  this
Agreement will be binding upon,  inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by,
the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

         10.9     ENFORCEMENT.  The parties  agree that  irreparable  damage may
occur  in the  event  that  any of the  provisions  of this  Agreement  were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It
is  accordingly  agreed that the parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any federal or state court located
in the State of  Delaware,  this being in addition to any other  remedy to which
they are entitled at law or in equity.  In addition,  each of the parties hereto
(a) consents to submit itself to the personal  jurisdiction of any court sitting
in the State of Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this


                                       47
<PAGE>


Agreement  or any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  to the
extent such courts would have subject matter  jurisdiction  with respect to such
dispute and (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such  personal
jurisdiction or venue by motion or other request for leave from any such court.

         10.10    SEVERABILITY.  Whenever possible, each provision or portion of
any  provision of this  Agreement  will be  interpreted  in such manner as to be
effective and valid under  applicable law but if any provision or portion of any
provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid,  illegal or  unenforceable in
any  respect  under  any  applicable  law  or  rule  in any  jurisdiction,  such
invalidity,  illegality or unenforceability  will not affect any other provision
or portion of any provision in such  jurisdiction,  and this  Agreement  will be
reformed,  construed  and  enforced  in such  jurisdiction  as if such  invalid,
illegal or  unenforceable  provision or portion of any  provision had never been
contained herein.

         10.11    SCHEDULES  AND  EXHIBITS.  The  Schedules and Exhibits to this
Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement and are hereby made a part
of this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement.

         10.12    COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement  may be executed in one or more
identical  counterparts,  all of  which  shall  be  considered  one and the same
instrument and shall become effective when one or more such  counterparts  shall
have been  executed by each of the parties and  delivered to the other  parties.
Delivery of a copy of this Agreement bearing an original  signature by facsimile
transmission, by electronic mail in "portable document format" (".pdf") form, or
by any other  electronic  means  intended to preserve the  original  graphic and
pictorial  appearance  of a  document,  will have the same  effect  as  physical
delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS.]


                                       48
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the undersigned have caused their duly authorized
officers to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written.



                                  ALPHA INNOTECH CORPORATION


                                  By:      /S/ HASEEB CHAUDHRY
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                           Name:    Haseeb Chaudhry
                                           Title:   Chief Executive Officer


                                  XTRANA, INC.


                                  By:      /S/ JAMES H. CHAMBERLAIN
                                      -------------------------------
                                           Name:    James H. Chamberlain
                                           Title:   Chief Executive Officer


                                  AIC MERGER CORPORATION


                                  By:      /S/ JAMES H. CHAMBERLAIN
                                      -------------------------------
                                           Name:    James H. Chamberlain
                                           Title:   President


                                       S-1
<PAGE>


                        INDEX OF SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS


SCHEDULES:

AIC Disclosure Schedule
Xtrana Disclosure Schedule
Schedule 6.11:      Deferred Compensation

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A:        Secured Promissory Note
Exhibit B:        Form of Escrow Agreement
Exhibit C:        Form of Certificate of Merger
Exhibit D:        Form of AIC Officer's Certificate
Exhibit E:        Form of AIC Secretary's Certificate
Exhibit F:        Form of Opinion of AIC Counsel
Exhibit G:        Form of Xtrana Officer's Certificate
Exhibit H:        Form of Xtrana Secretary's Certificate
Exhibit I:        Form of Opinion of Xtrana Counsel
Exhibit J:        Articles of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation



         ALL OF THE SCHEDULES,  EXHIBITS AND OTHER ATTACHMENTS HAVE BEEN OMITTED
PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(B)(2) OF REGULATION  S-B. THE  REGISTRANT  HEREBY AGREES TO
FURNISH  SUPPLEMENTALLY  A COPY OF ANY OMITTED  ATTACHMENT TO THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION UPON REQUEST.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
