 EX-2.2      EXHIBIT 2.2   Subsidiary
Agreement and Plan of Merger,  dated as of November 19, 2001,  between
UnitedTrust Bank and Vista Bank, N.A.       EXHIBIT A  SUBSIDIARY
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    This Subsidiary Agreement and Plan of
Merger (this "AGREEMENT") is dated as of November 19, 2001, among UnitedTrust
Bank (the "BANK"), a New Jersey state-chartered commercial banking
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of United National Bancorp ("UNB"),
a New Jersey corporation, Vista Bank, NA, a national banking association
("Vista Bank") and wholly-owned subsidiary of Vista Bancorp, Inc., a New
Jersey corporation ("VISTA"). The principal office of the Bank is located at
1130 Route 22 East, Bridgewater, New Jersey. The Bank has capital of $181.5
million, divided into 4,651,193 shares of common stock, par value $2.50 per
share (the "BANK COMMON STOCK"), capital surplus of $76.2 million and
undivided profits, including capital reserves, of $93.7 million, as of
September 30, 2001. The principal office of Vista Bank is located at 305
Roseberry Street, Phillipsburg, New Jersey 08865-5360. Vista Bank has capital
of $57.2 million divided into 2,267,797 shares of common stock, each of $5.00
par value (the "VISTA BANK COMMON STOCK"), capital surplus of $9.9 million
and undivided profits, including capital reserves, of $35.9 million, as of
September 30, 2001.   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of UNB,
Vista, the Bank and Vista Bank have approved, and deem it advisable and in
the best interests of their respective stockholders to consummate, the
business combination transaction between UNB and Vista set forth in the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 19, 2001 (the "UNB MERGER
AGREEMENT"), by and among UNB, Vista, the Bank and Vista Bank, pursuant to
which the Vista will merge with and into UNB (the "UNB MERGER"); and  
WHEREAS, not less than a majority of each of the Boards of Directors of the
Bank and Vista Bank have approved, and deem it advisable to consummate, the
subsidiary merger provided for herein (the "SUBSIDIARY MERGER") and in the
UNB Merger Agreement, in accordance with the provisions of
applicable law;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set
forth herein and in the UNB Merger Agreement, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  THE
MERGER   1.1 EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE SUBSIDIARY MERGER. Subject to the
provisions of this Agreement, the Subsidiary Merger shall become effective in
accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Merger which the Bank
shall prepare and execute pursuant to N.J.S.A. 17:9A-137 and Section 214a of
the National Bank Merger Act, as amended (the "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER") and
which shall be filed with the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance
(the "NEW JERSEY DEPARTMENT") and the Office of the Comptroller of the
CurrencY ("OCC"), and together with the New Jersey Department, the "BANKING
DEPARTMENTS" respectively, immediately following the Closing Date (as defined
below). The term "SUBSIDIARY MERGER EFFECTIVE TIME" shall be the date and
time when the Subsidiary Merger becomes effective, as set forth in the
Certificate of Merger.     1.2 CLOSING. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in the UNB Merger Agreement, the closing of the Subsidiary
Merger will take place immediately subsequent to the UNB Merger on the date
and at the location specified in the UNB Merger Agreement with respect to the
UNB Merger or at such other time, date or place as may be agreed to by the
parties hereto (the "CLOSING DATE").   1.3. EFFECT OF THE SUBSIDIARY
MERGER.   (a) At the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time:   (i) the separate
existence of Vista Bank shall cease  and Vista Bank shall be merged with and
into the Bank (the Bank is  sometimes referred to as herein as the "SURVIVING
BANK");   (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Bank as  in effect
immediately prior to the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time  shall be the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Bank until  duly amended in
accordance with applicable law, and the name of the  Surviving Bank shall be
UnitedTrust Bank;   (iii) the Bylaws of the Bank as in effect immediately 
prior to the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time shall be the Bylaws of  the
Surviving Bank;   (iv) the main office and branch offices of the Bank 
established and authorized immediately prior to the Subsidiary Merger 
Effective Time and listed on EXHIBIT A attached hereto, and the main  office
and branch offices of Vista Bank established and authorized  immediately
prior to the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time and listed on  EXHIBIT B
attached hereto shall become established and authorized  branch offices of
the Surviving Bank;   (v) the directors of the Bank immediately prior to 
the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time and Barbara Harding, Harold J.  Curry
and one other director of Vista to be chosen by the Bank shall be  the
directors of the Surviving Bank, each to hold office in accordance  with the
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Bank  until their
respective successors are duly elected or appointed and  qualified (the names
of the directors of the Surviving Bank are listed  on EXHIBIT C attached
hereto); and   (vi) the executive officers of the Bank immediately  prior
to the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time shall be the executive  officers of
the Surviving Bank, each to hold office in accordance with  the Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Bank until  their respective
successors are duly elected or appointed and  qualified, (the names of the
executive officers of the Surviving Bank  are listed on EXHIBIT D attached
hereto);   (b) At and after the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time, the
Subsidiary Merger shall have all the effects set forth in N.J.S.A. 17:9A-139
and Section 214b of the National Bank Merger Act, as amended and,
in connection therewith, all assets of the Bank and of Vista Bank as they
exist at the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time shall pass to and vest in the
Surviving Bank without any conveyance or other transfer. The Surviving Bank
shall be responsible for all liabilities and obligations   2   of every
kind and description of each of Vista Bank and the Bank existing as of the
Subsidiary Merger Effective Time, whether matured or unmatured,
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, and whether or not reflected or
reserved against on balance sheets, books of account or records of Vista Bank
or the Bank.   (c) The business of the Surviving Bank shall be that of a
New Jersey commercial banking corporation, which shall be conducted as its
headquarters or main office at 1130 Route 22 East, Bridgewater, New
Jersey and its established and authorized branch offices which are listed on
EXHIBITS A AND B.   ARTICLE II  EFFECT OF THE SUBSIDIARY MERGER ON THE
CAPITAL  OF THE CONSTITUENT BANKS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   2.1 EFFECT ON
VISTA BANK CAPITAL STOCK. At the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time, by virtue
of the Subsidiary Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of
any shares of Vista Bank Common Stock, all shares of Vista Bank Common Stock
(other than shares of Vista Bank Common Stock that are owned by Vista Bank as
treasury stock) shall be cancelled. All shares of Vista Bank Common Stock
that are owned by Vista Bank as treasury stock or that are owned by UNB or
the Bank shall be automatically cancelled and retired and shall cease to
exist and no stock of the Bank or other consideration shall be delivered in
exchange therefore.   2.2 THE BANK COMMON STOCK. The shares of the Bank
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Subsidiary
Merger Effective Time shall remain outstanding and unchanged after the
Subsidiary Merger.   2.3 CAPITAL OF SURVIVING BANK. The amount of
capital stock of the Surviving Bank immediately following the Subsidiary
Merger Effective Time shall be $181.5 million, divided into 4,651,193 shares
of common stock, par value $2.50 per share, and immediately following the
Subsidiary Merger Effective Time, the Surviving Bank shall have a surplus of
$143.3 million and undivided profits, including capital reserves, which, when
combined with the capital and surplus, will be equal to the combined capital
structures of Vista Bank and the Bank referred to in the preamble of this
Agreement, adjusted, however, for normal earnings and expenses between
September 30, 2001 and the Subsidiary Merger Effective Time and the
redemption of Vista Bank Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof.  
ARTICLE III  COVENANTS   3.1 COVENANTS OF THE BANK AND VISTA BANK. During
the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the
Subsidiary Merger Effective Time, each of the parties hereto agrees to
observe and perform all their agreements and covenants in the UNB Merger
Agreement. Each of the parties hereto agrees to use all reasonable efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all
things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations
to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, subject to and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
UNB Merger Agreement.   3    ARTICLE IV  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   4.1
CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE SUBSIDIARY MERGER. The
respective obligations of each party to effect the Subsidiary Merger shall be
subject to the satisfaction prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:   (a) SATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS. Each condition to
consummation of the UNB Merger contained in the UNB Merger Agreement
shall have been satisfied (or waived by the party or parties entitled to
assert such condition), and each party shall have received a certificate from
the other party to the effect that all of the conditions to its obligation to
consummate the UNB Merger contained in the UNB Merger Agreement have been
satisfied or waived.   (b) NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS; ILLEGALITY.
No order, injunction or decree issued by any court or agency of
competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the
consummation of the Subsidiary Merger shall be in effect. No statute, rule,
regulation, order, injunction or decree shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or enforced by any Governmental Entity which prohibits, restricts
or makes illegal the consummation of the Subsidiary Merger.   (c)
STOCKHOLDER APPROVALS. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been duly approved, ratified and confirmed in accordance
with applicable law and the respective articles of association or certificate
of incorporation and By-laws of Vista Bank and the Bank by the affirmative
vote of the stockholders of Vista Bank and the Bank, such vote adopted at a
meeting of each such sole stockholder or by each such stockholder\'s written
consent in lieu thereof.   (d) OTHER APPROVALS. Other than the filings
and approvals provided for by Section 1.1, all requisite regulatory
approvals relating to the Subsidiary Merger shall have been filed, occurred
or been obtained and shall continue to be in full force and effect. In
addition, all consents, approvals and permits of and notices to non-
governmental third parties that are necessary to consummate the Subsidiary
Merger shall have been filed, occurred or been obtained and shall continue to
be in full force and effect.   ARTICLE V  TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   5.1
TERMINATION. This Agreement shall be terminated immediately and without any
action on the part of Vista Bank or the Bank upon termination of the UNB
Merger Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Subsidiary Merger Effective Time by mutual consent of the Bank and Vista Bank
in a written instrument, if the Board of Directors of each so determines by a
vote of a majority of the members of its entire board.   5.2 EFFECT OF
TERMINATION. In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in
Section 5.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability or obligation   4   under this Agreement on the part of the
Bank, Vista Bank or their respective officers, directors or affiliates.  
5.3 AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action
taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors. This Agreement
may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of
each of the parties hereto.   ARTICLE VI  GENERAL PROVISIONS   6.1 NON-
SURVIVAL OF AGREEMENTS. None of the agreements in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective
Time, except to the extent set forth in the UNB Merger Agreement.   6.2
NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied (with
confirmation) or mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt
requested) to the Bank or to Vista Bank, respectively, at the addresses for
notices to UNB or Vista, respectively, as set forth in the UNB
Merger Agreement, with copies to the persons referred to therein.   6.3
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be adopted, certified and executed in
separate counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when all counterparts have been signed
by each of the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood
that both parties need not sign the same counterpart.   6.4 ENTIRE
AGREEMENT. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or the UNB Merger
Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to herein or
therein), this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof.   6.5 GOVERNING LAW. Except as to
matters governed by the National Bank Merger Act, as amended, this Agreement
shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New Jersey without regard to any applicable conflicts of law.   6.6 BINDING
EFFECT. This Agreement is intended to be binding on any successors of the
parties.   6.7 ASSIGNMENT. Except as provided herein, neither
this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder
shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by operation of law
or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party.   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank and Vista Bank have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their duly authorized officers, under the respective seal of such
entities, all as of the date first above written.   5      ~~
  ATTEST UNITEDTRUST BANK   By: By:  -----------------------------------
----------------------------------------  Ralph L. Straw, Jr., Secretary
Thomas C. Gregor, Chairman and CEO  ATTEST VISTA BANK, N.A.   By: By: 
---------------------------------------
----------------------------------------  Jill A. Pursell, Secretary to the
Board Barbara Harding, Chairman, President  and Chief Executive
Officer       6     EXHIBIT A    Locations of the Main Office and
Branch Offices of the Bank                      1    
EXHIBIT B   Names and Locations of the Main Office and Branch Offices of
Vista Bank                        2     EXHIBIT
C   NAMES OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE SURVIVING
BANK                     3     EXHIBIT D   NAMES OF
THE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING
BANK                     4    '

