<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>safe8k50401ex2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>

                                 PLAN OF MERGER

         THIS  AGREEMENT  made and entered into as of this 6th day of June 2001,
by and between Safetek  International,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation  ("SFII"),
with  offices  at 5509  11th  Avenue,  Brooklyn,  New York  11219,  and  Safetek
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Acquisition Corp."), with offices at
5509 11th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219.

         WHEREAS,  all the  authorized  and issued  capital stock of Acquisition
Corp. is owned by SFII; and

         WHEREAS,  the Parties agree that it would be in their  respective  best
interests to merge.

         NOW,   THEREFORE,   in   consideration   of  the   provisions  and  the
representations,  warranties  and  agreements  herein  and for  other  good  and
valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:.


                            N O W   T H E R E F O R E,

         In consideration of the provisions and the representations,  warranties
and agreements herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and  sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged,  the Parties hereby agree as
follows:


                                    ARTICLE I

                TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK EXCHANGE AND MERGER

         (a) On the  "Effective  Date",  as hereinafter  defined,  the following
shall be or shall have been done:

                  (i) SFII and Acquisition  Corp.  shall have obtained  approval
         for this  Agreement  and the  transactions  described  herein  by their
         respective  Boards of Directors and Owners,  if necessary,  pursuant to
         the applicable provisions of Delaware law;

                  (ii)  Acquisition  Corp.  shall  merge  into SFII and cease to
         exist;

                  (iii) SFII shall thereupon and thereafter possess,  and be the
         owner of, all the  rights,  privileges,  powers,  franchises,  patents,
         trademarks, licenses, and other assets and accounts receivable of every
         kind and description of Acquisition Corp., and SFII shall be subject to
         all the  restrictions,  disabilities,  and duties of Acquisition  Corp.
         with respect thereto;  and all property,  real,  personal or mixed, and
         all debts and obligation due to Acquisition  Corp.on  whatever  account
         shall be vested in SFII; and all rights of creditors and all liens upon
         any property of Acquisition  Corp. shall be preserved  unimpaired;  and
         all debts,  liabilities,  duties,  and obligations of Acquisition Corp.
         [including  obligations  of  Acquisition  Corp. on account of (A) Stock
         Subscriptions to which  Acquisition Corp. is a Party; (B) Debentures of
         Acquisition Corp.; and (C) Stock Conversion obligations with respect to
         Debentures of Acquisition Corp.],  shall henceforth attach to SFII, and
         may  enforced  against  SFII  to the  same  extent  as if  said  debts,
         liabilities, duties, and obligations had been incurred or contracted by
         SFII;

<PAGE>

                  (iv) If, at any time  after the  Effective  Date,  SFII  shall
         consider or be advised that any further  assignments  or assurances and
         law or any other acts are necessary or desirable  (A) to vest,  perfect
         or confirm, of record or otherwise, in SFII, title to and possession of
         any property or right of Acquisition  Corp.  acquired or to be acquired
         by reason of, or in connection  with, this Merger,  or (B) otherwise to
         carry  out the  purposes  of this  Merger,  Acquisition  Corp.  and its
         officers  and  directors  shall be  deemed to have  granted  to SFII an
         irrevocable  power of  attorney  to execute and deliver all such proper
         deeds, assignments, and assurances in law, and to do all acts necessary
         or proper to vest,  perfect or confirm title to and  possession of such
         property  or rights in SFII  addition  and  otherwise  to carry out the
         purposes of this Merger;  and the proper officers and directors of SFII
         are fully authorized in the name of Acquisition Corp. otherwise to take
         any and all such action(s);

                  (v)  Acquisition  Corp.'s  8%  Series A  $1,000,000.00  Senior
         Subordinated  Convertible Redeemable Debentures (the "Acquisition Corp.
         Debentures"),  together with authorized but unissued  underlying shares
         of Acquisition  Corp.'s Common stock,  Par Value $0.0001 per share (the
         "Acquisition  Corp.  Common Stock"),  into which the Acquisition  Corp.
         Debentures are convertible  from time to time,  shall be converted into
         identical  SFII  debentures  (the  "SFII  Debentures"),  together  with
         authorized but unissued  underlying  shares of Common Stock,  Par Value
         $0.0001 per share,  of SFII into which the new SFII  Debentures  may be
         converted (the "SFII Common Stock");

                  (vi) All of the  issued and  outstanding  shares of the Common
         Stock,  Par Value $0.0001 per share,  i.e., 10 shares,  of  Acquisition
         Corp. held by SFII prior to this Merger, may, by virtue of this Merger,
         and without any further action of SFII, be canceled simultaneously with
         the effectiveness of this Merger.

                  (vii) Until surrendered and exchanged as herein provided, each
         outstanding certificate which, prior to the Effective Date, represented
         a  Acquisition  Corp.  security,  shall  be  deemed  for all  corporate
         purposes to evidence  ownership of the appropriate number of securities
         of SFII  into  which  Acquisition  Corp.  security  shall  have been so
         converted;

                  (viii) Subject to Sub-section  (vi),  above,  each holder of a
         certificate   representing   issued  and   outstanding   securities  of
         Acquisition  Corp.  immediately  prior  to the  Effective  Date  of the
         Merger,  shall,  upon  surrender of such  certificate to SFII after the
         Effective Date, be entitled to receive a certificate  representing  the
         appropriate number of shares of securities of SFII as described above;

<PAGE>

                  (ix) If any certificate  representing a SFII security is to be
         issued in a name other than that in which the  certificate  surrendered
         is  registered,  it  shall be a  condition  of such  issuance  that the
         certificate so surrendered  shall be properly  endorsed or otherwise in
         proper form for transfer and that the person  requesting  such issuance
         shall  either pay to SFII or its  transfer  agent any transfer or other
         taxes required by reason of the issuance of certificates representing a
         SFII security in a name other than that of the registered holder of the
         certificate  surrendered,  or establish to the  satisfaction of SFII or
         its  transfer  agent that such tax has been paid or is not  applicable;
         and

                  (x) The officers  and  directors of  Acquisition  Corp.  shall
         resign their positions.

         (b) The right to transfer restricted securities may be permitted if, in
the opinion of counsel  satisfactory  to SFII, the securities may be transferred
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act.

         (c) This merger shall become  effective  ("Effective  Date") on the day
set forth in the  Certificate  of  Ownership  to be filed with the  Secretary of
State of  Delaware  by the  Parties as soon as  practicable  after the date this
Agreement is signed.


                                   ARTICLE II

               REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ACQUISITION CORP.

         (a)  Organization and Authority.  Acquisition  Corp. is duly organized,
validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation,  with full corporate  power and authority to own its property and
assets and to conduct  its  business in the manner and in the places in which it
is now  conducted.  Acquisition  Corp. is qualified to do business as a domestic
corporation in the State of Delaware,  and the character of the properties owned
or leased by Acquisition  Corp.  and the nature of the business  conducted by it
does not require such qualification in any other jurisdiction,  except where the
failure to so qualify would not have a material  adverse  affect on  Acquisition
Corp. or its business.

         (b) Corporate  Action.  All corporate  action  necessary on the part of
Acquisition  Corp. to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the performance or satisfaction of Acquisition Corp.'s obligations hereunder and
thereunder  has been or will have been duly taken prior to the  Effective  Date.
This  Agreement  and the  Articles  of  Incorporation  constitute  the valid and
binding  obligations of Acquisition  Corp.  enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms.

         (c)  Capitalization.  As at the  Effective  Date,  Acquisition  Corp.'s
entire capitalization shall consist of:

<PAGE>

                  (i) 10,000,000  shares of Common Stock,  Par Value $0.0001 per
         share, of which 10 shares shall be issued and outstanding; and

                  (ii) 8% Series A $1,000,000.00 Senior Subordinated Convertible
         Redeemable Debentures,  convertible, from time to time, into authorized
         but  unissued  shares of Class A Common  Stock,  Par Value  $0.0001 per
         share,  upon conversion into which no shares of said underlying  shares
         of Common Stock shall have been issued.

         As of the date of this  Agreement and as at Effective  Date, all of the
outstanding  capital  stock of  Acquisition  Corp. is and will be duly issued in
accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, is and will be fully
paid and  non-assessable.  As of the date of this  Agreement and as at Effective
Date,  there  are and will be no  outstanding  subscriptions,  rights,  options,
warrants or other  agreements  obligating  Acquisition  Corp. to issue,  sell or
transfer any stock or other securities of Acquisition Corp., except as otherwise
described in this Agreement.

         (d) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Articles of Incorporation
and bylaws of Acquisition Corp. are true, correct and complete. The minute books
of  Acquisition  Corp.  contain  true and  complete  records of all meetings and
consents in lieu of meetings of its Board of Directors and owners since the date
of incorporation and accurately reflect all transactions referred to therein.

         (e) No  Material  Adverse  Changes.  As of the date of this  Agreement,
there shall be no material adverse change in the assets, operations,  conditions
(financial of otherwise) or  prospective  business of Acquisition  Corp.;  there
shall  be no  damage,  destruction  or loss  materially  affecting  the  assets,
prospective  business,  operations  or condition  (financial  or  otherwise)  of
Acquisition  Corp.,  whether or not  covered  by  insurance;  there  shall be no
declaration,  setting  aside or payment of any  dividend  or  distribution  with
respect to any  redemption or repurchase of Acquisition  Corp.'s  capital stock;
there shall no sale of an asset (other than in the  ordinary  course of business
or otherwise approved by SFII) or mortgage or pledge by Acquisition Corp. of any
properties or assets.

         (f) Taxes.  Acquisition  Corp.  has prepared and filed all  appropriate
federal,  state and local tax  returns  of every kind and  category  (including,
without  limitation,  income taxes,  estimated taxes, excise taxes, sales taxes,
inventory  taxes, use taxes,  gross receipt taxes,  franchise taxes and property
taxes) for all  periods  prior to and through the date hereof for which any such
returns have been  required to be filed by it and has paid all taxes shown to be
due by said returns or on any  assessments  received by it, or has made adequate
provisions for the payment thereof.

         (g) Compliance with Laws.  Acquisition Corp. and all business conducted
by it has complied with all federal,  state, county and local laws,  ordinances,
regulation,  inspections,  orders,  judgments,  injunctions,  awards or  decrees
applicable to it or its business which, if not complied with,  would  materially
and adversely affect its business.

         (h)  Compliance  with Other  Instruments.  Neither  the  execution  nor
delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will result in any  violation  of or be in conflict  with any term of any
contract or other  instrument  to which  Acquisition  Corp. is a party or of any
judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to Acquisition Corp., or result
in the creation of any lien,  charge or  encumbrance on any of its properties or
assets,  or result in the  acceleration  of any obligation of Acquisition  Corp.
under any deed of trust, mortgage, lease, or similar instrument to which it is a
party.

<PAGE>

         (i)  No  Breach.  The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of  this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not:

                  (i) violate any provisions of the Articles of Incorporation or
         By-laws of Acquisition Corp.;

                  (ii) violate,  conflict with or result in the breach of any of
         the terms of, result in a material  modification  of, or otherwise give
         any other contracting party the right to terminate, or which constitute
         a default under,  any contract or other agreement to which  Acquisition
         Corp.  is a  party  or by or to  which  it or  any  of  its  assets  or
         properties may be bound or subject;

                  (iii) violate any order, judgment, injunction, award or decree
         of any court, arbitrator or governmental or regulatory body against, or
         binding upon,  Acquisition  Corp. or upon the properties or business of
         Acquisition Corp.; or

                  (iv)  violate  any   statute,   law  or   regulation   of  any
         jurisdiction applicable to the transactions contemplated herein.

         (j) Litigation.  There is no outstanding order,  judgment,  injunction,
award or decree of any  court,  government  or  regulatory  body or  arbitration
tribunal  against or involving  Acquisition  Corp.  There is no action,  suit or
claim or legal,  administrative  or  arbitral  proceeding  or any  investigation
(whether  or not the  defense  thereof or  liabilities  in respect  thereof  are
covered by  insurance)  pending or threatened  against or involving  Acquisition
Corp. or any of its respective  properties or assets. There is no fact, event or
circumstances  that may give rise to any suit, action,  claim,  investigation or
proceeding  except as  disclosed  in the  letter  described  above.  There is no
action, suit or claim or legal, administrative or arbitral proceeding pending or
threatened that would give rise to any right of  indemnification  on the part of
any  director  of  Acquisition  Corp.  or its  respective  heirs,  executors  or
administrators of such directors or officers.

         (k) Labor Relations. Acquisition Corp. is not a party to any collective
bargaining agreement governing its employees.  There is no pending or threatened
election for union representation of Acquisition Corp.'s employees.

         (l) Leases. All of the leases to which Acquisition Corp. is a party are
in full force and effect and constitutes a legal,  valid, and binding obligation
of the respective  parties  thereto  enforceable  in accordance  with its terms,
subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium, or other similar
laws  relating to the  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights  generally and to the
availability  of equitable  remedies  which are subject to the discretion of the
Court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

<PAGE>

         (m)  Agreements.  The document  titled  "Acquisition  Corp.'s  Material
Contracts"  which shall be  incorporated  by reference  into this Agreement sets
forth any material contract or arrangement to which Acquisition Corp. is a party
or by or to which it or its assets,  properties or business are bound or subject
whether oral or written.  All of the  agreements  set forth in said document are
valid, binding  enforceable,  subsisting  agreements,  in full force and effect.
Acquisition Corp. is not in default under any of them (nor is any other party to
any of such agreements,  nor does any condition exist which with notice or lapse
of time or both would constitute default thereunder).

         (n) Accounts Receivable.  All of Acquisition Corp.'s accounts and other
receivables or thereafter  acquired are  collectible in full,  less any reserves
set up for doubtful receivables on its books.

         (o) Inventories.  Acquisition Corp.'s  inventories,  as applicable,  or
thereafter  acquired are valued at cost or market and consist of items which are
of a quality and  quantity  usable  and/or  saleable in the  ordinary  course of
Acquisition Corp.'s business.

         (p) Liabilities. Acquisition Corp.'s Liabilities as of the date of this
Agreement are as set forth in that  document  entitled  Financial  Statements of
Acquisition Corp., which shall be incorporated herein by reference.

         (q) Conduct of Business.  Acquisition  Corp. shall conduct its business
only in the ordinary course thereof  consistent with prudent  business  judgment
and past practice and in such a manner that the  representations  and warranties
contained in this Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of the Effective
Date (except for changes contemplated,  permitted or required by this Agreement)
and so that the conditions to be satisfied by Acquisition Corp. at the Effective
Date shall have been satisfied.  Acquisition  Corp.  shall not incur expenses or
liabilities  between the date this  Agreement is signed and the  Effective  Date
other than in the normal course of business.

         (r) Unusual Events.  Until the Effective Date,  Acquisition Corp. shall
supplement or amend all relevant  documents  incorporated  by reference and made
part  of this  Agreement  with  respect  to any  matter  thereafter  arising  or
discovered which, if existing or known at the date of this Agreement, would have
been set forth or described in such documents;  provided,  however, that for the
purpose  of the  rights  and  obligations  of the  parties  hereunder,  any such
material  supplemental  disclosure shall not be deemed to have been disclosed to
SFII until the date Acquisition  Corp.  delivers it to SFII, unless agreed to in
writing by SFII.

         (s) Changes in Business Relationship. Acquisition Corp. is not aware of
any  material   changes  or  threatened   changes  in  its  business  or  client
relationships, including any discontinuance of contractual relationships.

         (t) Full Disclosure. No representation or warranty of Acquisition Corp.
and no statement  contained in any document  incorporated  by reference and made
part of this Agreement furnished by Acquisition Corp. to SFII pursuant hereto or
in  connection  with the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  contain  or at the
Effective  Date will contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit or
will omit to state a material fact necessary to make such fact not misleading or
necessary to provide SFII with full information as to Acquisition  Corp. and its
affairs.

<PAGE>

         (u) Status of Representations  and Warranties as at Effective Date. The
representations  and  warranties  contained  in this Section 2 shall be true and
complete  on the  Effective  Date with the same force and effect as though  such
representations and warranties had been made on and as at the Effective Date.


                                   ARTICLE III

                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SFII

         (a) Reporting  Company.  SFII is required to and does file reports with
the Securities and Exchange  Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Section 13 (a) or 15
(d) of The Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, and SFII is current with respect to
all reports required to be filed with the SEC.

         (b)   Capitalization.   As  at  the  Effective   Date,   SFII's  entire
capitalization shall consist of:

                  (i) 6,000,000  shares of Common  Stock,  Par Value $0.0001 per
         share,  with each holder  thereof  being  entitled to cast one vote for
         each share held on all matters  properly  submitted to the Shareholders
         for their vote; and

                  (ii) 1,000,000  shares of Preferred  Stock, Par Value $0. 0001
         per share,  with each  holder  thereof  having the right to convert two
         shares of the Preferred into one share of the Common.

         As of the date of this  Agreement and as at Effective  Date, all of the
outstanding  capital stock of SFII is and will be duly issued in accordance with
all applicable laws,  rules and regulations,  is and will be fully paid and non-
assessable.  As of the date of this  Agreement  and as at  Effective  Date,  all
outstanding  subscriptions,   rights,  options,  warrants  or  other  agreements
obligating  SFII to issue,  sell or transfer  any stock or other  securities  of
SFII, are as is set forth in the Financial Statements of SFII attached hereto.

         (c) Organization  and Authority.  SFII is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing,  and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
with full  corporate  power and  authority to own its property and assets and to
conduct its business in the manner and the places in which it is now conducted.

         (d) Corporate  Action.  All corporate  action  necessary on the part of
SFII to authorize the  execution and delivery to SFII of this  Agreement and the
Certificate and the  performance of its obligations  thereunder has been or will
have been  duly  taken  prior to the  Effective  Date.  This  Agreement  and the
Articles of Incorporation  constitute the valid and binding  obligations of SFII
enforceable  in  accordance  with their  respective  terms.  The  execution  and
delivery  of and  the  consummation  of the  transactions  provided  for in this
Agreement  and the Articles of  Incorporation  will not violate any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation,  Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of SFII,
as  applicable,  any provision of law, or any  judgment,  order or decree of any
court or agency or  government,  applicable  to SFII,  or result in a breach of,
default  under,  or  acceleration  of any  obligation  under  any  indenture  or
agreement to which SFII is a party.

         (e)  Compliance  with Other  Instruments.  Neither  the  execution  nor
delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will result in any  violation  of or be in conflict  with any term or any
contract  or  other  instrument  to which  SFII is a party  or of any  judgment,
decree,  order, statute, rule or regulation applicable to SFII, or result in the
creation of any lien,  charge or encumbrance on any of its properties or assets,
or result in the acceleration of any obligation of SFII under any deed of trust,
mortgage, lease, or similar instrument to which it is a party.

         (f) Compliance  with Laws.  SFII has complied with all federal,  state,
county, local laws, ordinances,  regulations,  inspections,  orders,  judgments,
injunctions,  awards or decrees  applicable to it or its business  which, if not
complied  with,  would  materially  and adversely  affect its status as a public
company.

         (g)  Articles  of   Incorporation   and  Bylaws.   SFII's  Articles  of
Incorporate  and  By-laws  and any  amendments  to each,  are true,  correct and
complete.  The minute books of SFII  contain  true and  complete  records of all
meetings and consents in lieu of meetings of their respective Board of Directors
and  owners  since  the  date  of  incorporation  and  accurately   reflect  all
transactions; referred to therein.

         (h) Financial  Statements and Liabilities.  SFII's Financial Statements
set forth in its most  recent Form 10-QSB are true and  correct,  and,  together
with the disclosure made in said Report, fully disclose all of SFII's assets and
liabilities.

         (i)  Disclosures.  No  representation  or  warranty  of  SFII  in  this
Agreement,  and no statement contained in any document incorporated by reference
and made a part of this Agreement or other document furnished or to be furnished
by  SFII  to  Acquisition  Corp.  pursuant  hereto  or in  connection  with  the
transactions  contemplated hereby contains or at the Effective Date will contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit or will omit to state a material
fact  necessary to make it not  misleading  or necessary to provide  Acquisition
Corp. with full information as to SFII and its affairs.

         (j) No  Material  Adverse  Changes.  As of the date of this  Agreement,
there shall be no material adverse change in the assets, operations,  conditions
(financial  of  otherwise) or  prospective  business of SFII;  there shall be no
damage,  destruction  or  loss  materially  affecting  the  assets,  prospective
business,  operations or condition  (financial or otherwise) of SFII, whether or
not  covered by  insurance;  there  shall be no  declaration,  setting  aside or
payment of any  dividend  or  distribution  with  respect to any  redemption  or
repurchase of SFII's capital stock;  there shall no sale of an asset (other than
in the ordinary course of business or otherwise  approved by Acquisition  Corp.)
or mortgage or pledge by SFII of any properties or assets.

<PAGE>

         (k) Taxes. SFII has prepared and filed all appropriate  federal,  state
and local tax returns of every kind and category (including, without limitation,
income taxes,  estimated taxes, excise taxes, sales taxes,  inventory taxes, use
taxes, gross receipt taxes,  franchise taxes and property taxes) for all periods
prior to and  through  the date  hereof  for  which any such  returns  have been
required  to be  filed  by it and has  paid  all  taxes  shown to be due by said
returns or on any  assessments  received by it, or has made adequate  provisions
for the payment thereof.

         (l) Agreements.  The document titled "SFII's Material  Contracts" which
shall be  incorporated  by reference into this Agreement sets forth any material
contract  or  arrangement  to which  SFII is a party or by or to which it or its
assets, properties or business are bound or subject whether oral or written. All
of the  agreements  set forth in said document are valid,  binding  enforceable,
subsisting  agreements,  in full force and effect.  SFII is not in default under
any of them  (nor is any  other  party to any of such  agreements,  nor does any
condition  exist  which with  notice or lapse of time or both  would  constitute
default thereunder).

         (m) Insurance Policies. The document titled "SFII's Insurance Policies"
which  shall  be  incorporated  by  reference  and made  part of this  Agreement
contains a complete and correct list and summary  description  of all  insurance
policies held by SFII and in force and effect at the date hereof,  including but
not limited to key-man insurance,  workers' compensation and employer liability,
automobile  insurance,   malpractice  insurance,  product  liability  and  title
insurance.

         (n) Labor Relations.  SFII is not a party to any collective  bargaining
agreement  governing its employees.  There is no pending or threatened  election
for union representation of SFII's employees.

         (o) Conduct of  Business.  Between the date of this  Agreement  and the
Effective  Date,  SFII shall  conduct its business  only in the ordinary  course
thereof  consistent with prudent business judgment and past practice and in such
a manner that the  representations  and  warranties  contained in this Section 3
shall be true and correct at and as of the  Effective  Date  (except for changes
contemplated,  permitted  or  required  by  this  Agreement)  and  so  that  the
conditions  to be  satisfied  by SFII at the  Effective  Date  shall  have  been
satisfied.  SFII shall not incur expenses or  liabilities  between the date this
Agreement is signed and the  Effective  Date other than in the normal  course of
business.

         (p) Unusual Events.  Until the Effective Date, SFII shall supplement or
amend all relevant  documents  incorporated  by reference  and made part of this
Agreement with respect to any matter thereafter  arising or discovered which, if
existing  or known at the date of this  Agreement,  would have been set forth or
described  in such  documents;  provided,  however,  that for the purpose of the
rights and obligations of the parties hereunder,  any such material supplemental
disclosure shall not be deemed to have been disclosed to Acquisition Corp. until
the date SFII delivers it to SFII,  unless  agreed to in writing by  Acquisition
Corp..

         (q) Changes in Business Relationship. SFII is not aware of any material
changes or threatened changes in its business or client relationships, including
any discontinuance of contractual relationships.

<PAGE>

         (r)   Representations   and  Warranties  as  at  Effective   Date.  The
representations  and  warranties  contained  in this Section 3 shall be true and
complete  on the  Effective  Date with the same force and effect as though  such
representations and warranties had been made on and as at the Effective Date.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                         COVENANTS OF ACQUISITION CORP.

         (a) Conduct of Business.  From the date of this  Agreement  through the
Effective  Date,  Acquisition  Corp.  shall conduct its business in the ordinary
course.

         (b)  Preservation  of  Business.  From  the  date  hereof  through  the
Effective  Date,  Acquisition  Corp.  shall use its best efforts to preserve its
business  organization  intact,  keep  available  the  services  of its  present
officers, employees,  consultants and agents, maintain its present suppliers and
customers and preserve its goodwill.

         (c) Insurance.  Acquisition  Corp. at all times will have in effect and
maintain  insurance now in force on or with respect to its properties and assets
and its  business  and will at all times have in effect and  maintain  insurance
coverage against all hazards, casualties,  liabilities, and losses in the amount
and of the  character  and kind normally  carried by  corporations  engaged in a
business similar to that conducted by it.

         (d)  Litigation.  Acquisition  Corp.  shall promptly notify SFII of any
lawsuits,  claims, proceedings or investigations which after the date hereof are
threatened  or  commenced  against  it or  any  of  their  respective  officers,
directors, employees,  consultants, agents, owners or other representatives with
respect to the affairs of SFII.

         (e) Compliance with Laws. Acquisition Corp. will comply in all material
respects with federal and state regulations necessary to effectuate the exchange
of all  outstanding  capital stock of  Acquisition  Corp.  for shares of capital
stock of Acquisition Corp., as contemplated by this Agreement.

         (f) Continued Effectiveness of Representations and Warranties. From the
date hereof  through the Effective  Date,  Acquisition  Corp.  shall conduct its
business in such a manner so that the representations  and warranties  contained
in Section 2 shall  continue to be true and  correct on and as of the  Effective
Date and as if made on the date of this Agreement, and shall:

                  (i)  promptly  give notice to SFII of any event,  condition or
         circumstances occurring from the date hereof through the Effective Date
         which would render any of the  representations  or  warranties  untrue,
         incomplete,  insufficient  or  constitute a violation or breach of this
         Agreement; and

<PAGE>

                  (ii) supplement the information contained herein in order that
         such information is kept current, complete and accurate.


                                    ARTICLE V

                                COVENANTS OF SFII

         (a) Conduct of Business.  From the date of this  Agreement  through the
Effective Date, SFII shall conduct its business in the ordinary course.

         (b)  Preservation  of  Business.  From  the  date  hereof  through  the
Effective  Date,  SFII  shall use its best  efforts  to  preserve  its  business
organization  intact,  keep  available  the  services of its  present  officers,
employees,  consultants and agents, maintain its present suppliers and customers
and preserve its goodwill.

         (c)  Insurance.  SFII at all times  will have in  effect  and  maintain
insurance now in force on or with respect to its  properties  and assets and its
business  and will at all times have in effect and maintain  insurance  coverage
against all hazards,  casualties,  liabilities,  and losses in the amount and of
the character and kind normally  carried by  corporations  engaged in a business
similar to that conducted by it.

         (d)  Compliance  with Laws.  SFII will comply in all material  respects
with federal and state  regulations  necessary to effectuate the exchange of all
outstanding  capital stock of  Acquisition  Corp. for shares of capital stock of
SFII, as contemplated by this Agreement

         (e)  Litigation.  SFII shall promptly notify  Acquisition  Corp. of any
lawsuits,  claims, proceedings or investigations which after the date hereof are
threatened or commenced against it or against any of their respective  officers,
directors, employees,  consultants, agents, owners or other representatives with
respect to the affairs of SFII.

         (f) Continued Effectiveness of Representations and Warranties. From the
date hereof to the  Effective  Date,  SFII shall  conduct its business in such a
manner so that the representations  and warranties  contained in Section 3 shall
continue to be true and correct on and as of the  Effective  Date and as if made
on the date of this Agreement, and shall:

                  (i) promptly  give notice to  Acquisition  Corp. of any event,
         condition or  circumstances  occurring from the date hereof through the
         Effective  Date  which  would  render  any  of the  representations  or
         warranties untrue,  incomplete,  insufficient or constitute a violation
         or breach of this Agreement; and

                  (ii) supplement the information contained herein in order that
         such information is kept current, complete and accurate.

<PAGE>

         (g)  Dissenter's  Rights.  SFII  understands  that, as a shareholder of
Acquisition  Corp., it may have Dissenter's  Rights under Delaware law. However,
as the sole  shareholder of Acquisition  Corp.,  SFII declares that  Dissenter's
Rights shall not be demanded  prior to or after the  Effective  Date pursuant to
the provisions of Delaware Law, if any, as to dissenters' rights, and by signing
this Agreement, SFII waives dissenters' rights, if any, under Delaware law.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                      CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF SFII

         The   obligations  of  SFII  to  consummate   this  Agreement  and  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby are subject to the  satisfaction at or before
the Effective Date of every one of the following  conditions,  any of which SFII
may in its sole discretion waive:

         (a) Representations and Warranties.  The representations and warranties
of Acquisition  Corp. set forth in Section 2 hereof shall be true and correct at
and as of the Effective Date with the same effect as though such representations
and  warranties had been made on and as of the date of this  Agreement,  and any
letter,  statement,  list, certificate or other written information furnished by
Acquisition  Corp.  pursuant  hereto or in connection  on with the  transactions
contemplated hereby shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as
of the date or dates stated therein.

         (b)  Performance of Acquisition  Corp..  Acquisition  Corp.  shall have
performed  and complied  with all  agreements  and  conditions  required by this
Agreement  to be  performed  or  complied  with by it either  prior to or at the
Effective Date.

         (c)  Governmental  Permits  and  Approvals.  Any  and all  permits  and
approvals  from any  governmental  or  regulatory  body  required for the lawful
consummation of the transaction contemplated shall have been obtained.

         (d) Third Party  Consents.  All consents,  permits and  approvals  from
parties to any contracts or other agreements which may be required in connection
with the  performance  by the  Parties  hereto of their  obligations  under such
contacts or other agreements shall have been obtained.

         (e)  Litigation.   No  action,  suit  or  proceeding  shall  have  been
instituted  before any court or governmental or regulatory body or instituted or
threatened by a governmental or regulatory  body to restrain,  modify or prevent
the carrying out of the transactions contemplated hereby or to seek damages or a
discovery order in connection with such transactions,  or which has or may have,
in the opinion of SFII, a materially  adverse effect on the assets,  properties,
business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of Acquisition Corp..

         (f) Absence of Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, there
shall have been no change in the financial condition, business, or properties of
Acquisition  Corp.  which  materially  and adversely  affects the conduct of its
business or its condition, financial or otherwise.

<PAGE>

         (g) No  Restraining  Order.  There  shall not have  been any  action or
proceeding  instituted or threatened before any court or governmental  agency to
restrain  or  prohibit,  or obtain  substantial  damages  in  respect  of,  this
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby, which in
the opinion of SFII make it inadvisable to consummate such transaction.


                                   ARTICLE VII

               CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF ACQUISITION CORP.

         The  obligations of Acquisition  Corp. to consummate this Agreement and
the  transactions  contemplated  hereby are  subject to the  satisfaction  at or
before the Effective Date of each and every one of the following conditions, any
of which Acquisition Corp. may in its sole discretion waive:

         (a) Representations and Warranties.  The representations and warranties
of SFII set forth in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct at and as of the
Effective  Date  with  the  same  effect  as  though  such  representations  and
warranties  had  been  made on and as of the  date of  this  Agreement,  and any
letter,  statement,  list, certificate or other written information furnished by
SFII  pursuant  hereto or in connection  on with the  transactions  contemplated
hereby shall be true and correct in all material  respects at and as of the date
or dates stated therein.

         (b)  Performance  of SFII.  SFII shall have performed and complied with
all  agreements  and  conditions  required by this  Agreement to be performed or
complied with by it either prior to or at the Effective Date.

         (c)  Governmental  Permits  and  Approvals.  Any  and all  permits  and
approvals  from any  governmental  or  regulatory  body  required for the lawful
consummation of the transaction contemplated shall have been obtained.

         (d) Third Party Consents. All consents, permits and approvals from
parties to any contracts or other agreements which may be required in connection
with the performance by the Parties hereto of their obligations under such
contacts or other agreements shall have been obtained.

         (e)  Litigation.   No  action,  Suit  or  proceeding  shall  have  been
instituted  before any court or governmental or regulatory body or instituted or
threatened by a governmental or regulatory  body to restrain,  modify or prevent
the carrying out of the transactions contemplated hereby or to seek damages or a
discovery order in connection with such transactions,  or which has or may have,
in the opinion of Acquisition  Corp., a materially adverse effect on the assets,
properties, business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of SFII.

         (f) Absence of Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, there
shall have been no change in the financial condition, business, or properties of
Acquisition  Corp.  which  materially  and adversely  affects the conduct of its
business or its condition, financial or otherwise.

<PAGE>

         (g) No  Restraining  Order.  There  shall not have  been any  action or
proceeding  instituted or threatened before any court or governmental  agency to
restrain  or  prohibit,  or obtain  substantial  damages  in  respect  of,  this
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby, which in
the  opinion  of  Acquisition  Corp.  make it  inadvisable  to  consummate  such
transaction.

         (h)  Securities  Certificates.  At the Effective  Date,  each owner and
Debenture   Holder  of  Acquisition   Corp.   shall  receive  a  certificate  or
certificates representing the number of shares of common stock and/or Debentures
of SFII to which they are entitled.


                                  ARTICLE VIII

                   SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         All representations, warranties, agreements, covenants, and obligations
herein made by or in any of the documents  incorporated  by reference and made a
part of this  Agreement  shall be deemed to have been relied upon by each of the
other  parties,  shall  survive  the  Effective  Date for a period  of two years
thereafter,  and shall not merge in the  performance  of any  obligation  by any
party hereto.


                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   TERMINATION

         (a) Events of Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time
prior to the  filing  of the  Certificate  of  Ownership  in the  office  of the
Secretary of the State of Delaware by:

                  (i)  Mutual consent of Acquisition Corp. and SFII;

                  (ii) SFII if, at the Effective Date, any of the conditions set
         forth in Section 6 shall not have been satisfied;

                  (iii)  Acquisition Corp. if, at the Effective Date, any of the
         conditions set forth in Section 7 shall not have been satisfied;

                  (iv) SFII,  if  Acquisition  Corp.  has  breached any material
         representation  warranty,  covenant  or  agreement  contained  in  this
         Agreement;

<PAGE>

                  (v)  Acquisition  Corp.,  if SFII has  breached  any  material
         representation,  warranty,  covenant  or  agreement  contained  in this
         Agreement;

                  (vi) SFII, if any legal  proceeding is commenced or threatened
         by any  governmental  or  regulatory  agency or other  person  directed
         against the  consummation of the  transaction or any other  transaction
         under this Agreement; and

                  (vi)  Acquisition  Corp., if any legal proceeding is commenced
         or threatened by any governmental or regulatory  agency or other person
         directed  against  the  consummation  of the  transaction  or any other
         transaction under this Agreement;

         (b) Effect of  Termination.  If this  Agreement  shall be terminated as
provided in Section 9 (a), the Articles of Incorporation shall be deemed to have
been abandoned and shall be void and of no further effect, without any liability
on the  part  of any of the  parties  thereto  or the  stockholders,  directors,
officers, employees or agents of any of them.


                                    ARTICLE X

                                 INDEMNIFICATION

         (a)  Obligation  of  Acquisition  Corp.  to  Indemnify.  Subject to the
limitations  on the  survival of  representations  and  warranties  contained in
Article  VIII,  Acquisition  Corp.,  its  respective  officers,   directors  and
employees  hereby agree to  indemnify,  defend and hold SFII  harmless  from and
against  any  losses,  liabilities,  damages,  deficiencies,  costs or  expenses
(including interest, penalties and reasonable attorney's fees and disbursements)
based upon, arising out of or otherwise due to any material inaccuracy in or any
breach of any  representation,  warranty,  covenant or agreement of  Acquisition
Corp.  contained in this Agreement or in any document or other writing delivered
pursuant to this Agreement.

         (b) Obligation of SFII to Indemnify.  Subject to the limitations on the
survival of representations and warranties  contained in Article VIII, SFII, its
respective officers,  directors and employees, hereby agree to indemnify, defend
and hold Acquisition  Corp.  harmless from and against any losses,  liabilities,
damages,  deficiencies,  costs or expenses  (including  interest,  penalties and
reasonable  attorneys  fees and  disbursements)  based  upon,  arising out of or
otherwise due to any material inaccuracy in or any breach of any representation,
warranty,  covenant or agreement of SFII  contained in this  Agreement or in any
document or other writing delivered pursuant to this Agreement.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         (a) Notice. Any notice, request, instruction or other document required
by the terms of this Agreement to be given to any other Party hereto shall be in
writing and shall be given either:

                  (i) by facsimile  transmission  to the facsimile  number given
         below,  provided that confirmation of successful receipt thereof by the
         receiving  Party  is  recorded  on  the  sending  Party's  transmission
         confirmation   receipt    simultaneously   with   the   completion   of
         transmission,  in which case notice  shall be  presumptively  deemed to
         have been given at the date and time  displayed on the sending  Party's
         transmission   confirmation  receipt  showing  the  successful  receipt
         thereof by the receiving Party;

                  (ii) by a nationally  recognized  overnight courier service in
         which the date of delivery is recorded by the courier service, in which
         case  notice  shall be  presumptively  deemed to have been given at the
         time that  records of the  courier  service  indicate  the  writing was
         delivered to the receiving Party;

                  (iii) by  prepaid  telegram,  in which  case  notice  shall be
         presumptively deemed to have been given at the time that the records of
         the  telegraphic  agency  indicate that the telegram was  telephoned or
         delivered to the receiving Party, as the case may be; or

                  (iv) by the  Express  Mail  service  maintained  by the United
         States Postal Service,  sent by registered or certified  mail,  postage
         prepaid,  with return receipt requested,  in which case notice shall be
         presumptively  deemed to have been given  forty-eight  (48) hours after
         the letter was deposited with the United States Postal Service.

         Notice shall be sent

                  (i)  If to Acquisition Corp., to:

                           Shmuel M. Shneibalg, President
                           Safetek International, Inc.
                           5509 11th Avenue
                           Brooklyn, New York 11219
                           Telephone Number: (718) 436  -  8246
                           Facsimile Telephone Number (718) 436  -  8256

                  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                           Guy K. Stewart, Jr., Esq.
                           536 Malaga Avenue
                           Coral Gables, Florida 33134
                           Office Telephone Number: (305) 441-0911
                           Facsimile Telephone Number: (305) 441-0911

<PAGE>

                  (ii)  If to SFII, to:

                           Shmuel M. Shneibalg, President
                           Safetek International, Inc.
                           5509 11th Avenue
                           Brooklyn, New York 11219
                           Telephone Number: (718) 436  -  8246
                           Facsimile Telephone Number (718) 436  -  8256

                  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                           Guy K. Stewart, Jr., Esq.
                           536 Malaga Avenue
                           Coral Gables, Florida 33134
                           Telephone Number: (305) 441-0911
                           Facsimile Telephone Number: (305) 441-0911


                  (iii) or to such other  address as a Party may have  specified
         in writing to the other Parties using the procedures specified above in
         this Section

         (b) Fees and Expenses.  Each of the Parties will bear its own costs and
expenses  in  connection  with  the  negotiation  and the  consummation  of this
Agreement.

         (c) Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by mutual agreement of the
Parties at any time  prior to the  Effective  Date.  All  amendments  must be in
writing equal in dignity to this Agreement.

         (d) Further  Assurances.  The Parties shall execute such  documents and
other  papers and take such  further  actions as may be  reasonably  required or
desirable to carry out the provisions  hereof and the transactions  contemplated
hereby.  Each such  Party  shall use it best  efforts  to  fulfill or obtain the
fulfillment of the conditions.

         (e) Law Governing.  This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered
into under the Laws of the State of New York and the rights and  obligations  of
the parties hereunder shall be governed and determined  according to the Laws of
New York without regard to applicable conflicts of laws.

         (f) Resolution of Disputes;  Arbitration.  All disputes concerning this
Agreement  or any claim or issue of any nature  (whether  brought by the Parties
hereto or by any other  person  whatsoever)  arising  from or  relating  to this
Agreement or to the corporate  steps taken to enter into it (including,  without
limitation,  claims for  alleged  fraud,  breach of  fiduciary  duty,  breach of
contract,  tort,  etc.) which cannot be resolved within  reasonable time through
discussions  between  the  opposing  entities,  shall  be  resolved  solely  and
exclusively  by means of arbitration to be conducted in the Borough of Brooklyn,
New York,  which  arbitration  will proceed in accordance  with the rules of the
American Arbitration Association (or any successor organization thereto) then in
force for resolution of commercial disputes.

<PAGE>

         The  Arbitrators  themselves  shall have the right to determine  and to
arbitrate  the  threshold  issue of  arbitrability  itself,  the decision of the
Arbitrators shall be final, conclusive,  and binding upon the opposing entities,
and a judgment  upon the award may be  obtained  and  entered in any  federal or
state court of competent jurisdiction.

         Each entity or Party  involved in  litigation or  arbitration  shall be
responsible  for its own costs and  expenses of any  litigation  or  arbitration
proceeding, including its own attorney's fees (for any litigation,  arbitration,
and any appeals).

         (g) Entire Agreement and Counterparts. This Agreement and the documents
incorporated  by reference and made a part of it and any other  instruments  and
agreements  to be  delivered  in  conjunction  herewith  constitute  the  entire
agreement  between the parties  with  respect to the  transactions  contemplated
herein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or
oral, of the Parties with respect thereto. This Agreement may be executed in one
or  more  counterparts,  all  of  which  taken  together  shall  constitute  one
instrument.

         (h)  Construction.  This Agreement  shall be construed  within the fair
meaning of each of its terms and not against the party drafting the document.

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Agreement  has been executed by the Parties
hereto under their respective seals, as of the day and year first above written.


                                      SFII:


WITNESSESS:                           SAFETEK INTERNATIONAL, INC.


_______________________               By:_____________________________________
                                             Shmuel M. Shneibalg, President



_______________________               Attest:_________________________________
                                             Russell Machover, Secretary



                                      ACQUISITON CORP.:


WITNESSESS:                           SAFETEK ACQUISITION CORP.


_______________________               By:_____________________________________
                                             Shmuel M. Shneibalg, President



_______________________               Attest:_________________________________
                                             Russell Machover, Secretary







</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
