 EXHIBIT 2.1     EXHIBIT 2.1   SHARE
PURCHASE AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT  between  1. Johanna 34
Vermogensverwaltungs GmbH (to be renamed NHL Acquisition Sub  GmbH), a German
limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrankter  Haftung) with its
registered seat at Johanna-Kinkel-Stra(beta)e 2-4, 53175  Bonn, Federal
Republic of Germany (to be relocated to Busumer Stra(beta)e  96, 24768
Rendsburg, Federal Republic of Germany),   - hereinafter also referred to as
"PURCHASER" -  and  2. Novellus Systems, Inc., a California corporation
with its principal place  of business at 4000 North First Street, San Jose,
California 95134, USA,   - hereinafter also referred to as "NOVELLUS"
-  on the one side  and  3. Peter Wolters Stiftung, a German trust
(Stiftung) with its registered seat  at Mettmann and its business address at
Busumer Stra(beta)e 96, 24768  Rendsburg, Federal Republic of Germany,   -
hereinafter also referred to as "SELLER 1" -  4. Eider
Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, a German limited liability  company
(Gesellschaft mit beschrankter Haftung) with its registered seat  at
Winterhuder Weg 148, 22085 Hamburg, Federal Republic of Germany,   -
hereinafter also referred to as "SELLER 2" -    5. Bovensiepen
Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, a German limited  liability company
(Gesellschaft mit beschrankter Haftung) with its  registered seat at Am See
39, 24790 Schacht-Audorf, Federal Republic of  Germany,   - hereinafter
also referred to as "SELLER 3" -  6. ROMERHOF
Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, a German limited liability  company
(Gesellschaft mit beschrankter Haftung) with its registered seat  at Am
Romerhof 10, 50858, Koln, Federal Republic of Germany,   - hereinafter also
referred to as "SELLER 4" -  and  7. Hieber
Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, a German limited liability  company
(Gesellschaft mit beschrankter Haftung) with its registered seat  at
Eiderstra(beta)e 93, 24768 Rendsburg, Federal RepubliC of Germany,   -
hereinafter also referred to as "SELLER 5" -   - Seller 1, Seller 2, Seller
3, Seller 4, and Seller 5 hereinafter  collectively also referred to as  
"SELLERS" -  on the other side.   RECITALS  (1) The Sellers are the sole
shareholders of Peter Wolters AG, the holding  company of a group of
companies which is engaged in the business of  developing, manufacturing and
selling precision machining equipment for  metal, glass and ceramics as well
as for the electronic industry, in  particular for the semi-conductor
industry.   2   (2) Novellus develops, manufactures, sells, and supports
equipment for the  fabrication of integrated circuits.  (3) Novellus is
interested in causing the Purchaser, a wholly-owned subsidiary  of Novellus,
to acquire 100 % of the outstanding shares in Peter Wolters  AG, and the
Sellers are interested in selling their shares in Peter  Wolters AG, which in
the aggregate are 100 % of the outstanding shares in  Peter Wolters AG, to
the Purchaser.   SECTION 1  LEGAL STATUS, SUBJECT MATTER AND
DEFINITIONS  (1) Peter Wolters AG (hereinafter also referred to as "PETER
WOLTERS AG" or  the "COMPANY") is a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft)
under German  law with its registered seat in Rendsburg, Federal Republic of
Germany.  Peter Wolters AG is registered with the commercial register of the
local  court of Rendsburg, Federal Republic of Germany, under no. HRB 796.
Its  stated capital (Grundkapital) amounts to Euro 8,000,000.00 and is
divided  into 320,000 bearer shares (Inhaberaktien; each such share is
herein  referred to as a "PETER WOLTERS SHARE"). Such shares are non par
value  shares (Stuckaktien) with a fractional share in the stated capital 
(anteiliger Betrag des Grundkapitals) of Euro 25.00 each. The Peter  Wolters
Shares are evidenced by global share certificates attached as  EXHIBIT 1.1 to
this Agreement. The entire stated capital of Peter Wolters  AG has been fully
paid-in in cash or by means of contributions in kind, in  each case in full
compliance with German law. There have been no (direct  or concealed)
repayments of contributions, in particular no repayments of  contributions
within the meaning of Section 57 of the German Stock  Corporation Act
(Aktiengesetz - AktG; hereinafter also referred to as  "AKTG"). There have
been no hidden contributions in kind (verdeckte  Sacheinlagen). The Company
is validly existing under German law.  (2) The number of Peter Wolters
Shares held by each of the Sellers is set  forth in more detail in the
sellers list attached as EXHIBIT 1.2 to this  Agreement (hereinafter referred
to as "SELLERS LIST").  (3) Peter Wolters AG is the holding company of the
following subsidiaries  (each of them hereinafter also referred to as a
"SUBSIDIARY", and  collectively the "SUBSIDIARIES", and   3    the
companies set out in lit. a), b), c) and i) below collectively the  "GERMAN
SUBSIDIARIES"):   a) PETER WOLTERS SURFACE TECHNOLOGIES GMBH and CO. KG  
Peter Wolters Surface Technologies GmbH and Co. KG (hereinafter also  referred
to as "SURFACE TECHNOLOGIES" or "PETER WOLTERS KG") is a  limited partnership
(Kommanditgesellschaft) under German law with  its registered seat in
Rendsburg, Federal Republic of Germany. Peter  Wolters KG is registered with
the commercial register of the local  court of Rendsburg, Federal Republic of
Germany, under no. HRA 1427.  Its registered capital of the limited partner
(Kommanditkapital)  amounts to Euro 2,500,000.00. All contributions due to
Peter Wolters  KG by its general and limited partners have been fully made
and have  not been repaid. In particular, there have been no (direct or 
concealed) repayments within the meaning of Section 172 para. 4 of  the
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch - HGB; hereinafter  also referred
to as "HGB"). The sole limited partner (Kommanditist)  of Peter Wolters KG is
Peter Wolters AG. The sole general partner  (personlich haftender
Gesellschafter/Komplementar) of Peter Wolters  KG is Peter Wolters
Verwaltungs GmbH (see lit. b) below). Until  December 31, 2002 Peter Wolters
KG traded under the company name  Peter Wolters CMP-Systeme GmbH and Co. KG.
With effect as from January  1, 2003 another subsidiary of Peter Wolters AG,
Peter Wolters  Werkzeugmaschinen GmbH, has been merged (Verschmelzung) within
the  meaning of Sections 2 et seq. of the German Reorganization Act 
(Umwandlungsgesetz - UmwG; hereinafter also referred to as "UMWG")  with and
into Peter Wolters KG, and Peter Wolters KG has been  renamed Peter Wolters
Surface Technologies GmbH and Co. KG (the change  of the name and the merger
are hereinafter collectively referred to  as the "CORPORATE
REORGANIZATIONS"). Peter Wolters KG is validly  existing under German
law.   b) PETER WOLTERS VERWALTUNGS GMBH   Peter Wolters Verwaltungs GmbH
(hereinafter also referred to as  "PETER WOLTERS GMBH") is a limited
liability company (Gesellschaft  mit beschrankter Haftung - GmbH) under
German law with its  registered seat in Rendsburg, Federal Republic  
4    of Germany. Peter Wolters GmbH is registered with the commercial 
register of the local court of Rendsburg, Federal Republic of  Germany, under
no. HRB 1919. Its stated capital (Stammkapital)  amounts to Euro 52,000.00.
The stated capital has been fully  paid-in. There have been no (direct or
concealed) repayments of  contributions, in particular no repayments
violating Section 30 of  the German Limited Liability Company Act (Gesetz
betreffend die  Gesellschaft mit beschrankter Haftung - GmbHG; hereinafter
also  referred to as "GMBHG"). The sole shareholder of Peter Wolters GmbH 
is Peter Wolters AG, holding one share in the nominal amount of Euro 
52,000.00. Peter Wolters GmbH is validly existing under German law.   c)
PETER WOLTERS LAPP- UND POLIERTECHNIK GMBH   Peter Wolters Lapp- und
Poliertechnik GmbH (hereinafter also  referred to as "PETER WOLTERS
POLIERTECHNIK") is a limited liability  company (Gesellschaft mit
beschrankter Haftung - GmbH) under German  law with its registered seat in
Leinfelden-Echterdingen, Federal  Republic of Germany. Peter Wolters
Poliertechnik is registered with  the commercial register of the local court
of Nurtingen, Federal  Republic of Germany, under no. HRB 3907. Its stated
capital  (Stammkapital) amounts to Euro 307,000.00. The stated capital has 
been partially paid-in in cash and partially contributed by way of a  capital
increase from the capital reserve (Kapitalerhohung aus 
Gesellschaftsmitteln). There have been no (direct or concealed)  repayments
of contributions, in particular no repayments violating  Section 30 GmbHG.
The sole shareholder of Peter Wolters  Poliertechnik is Peter Wolters AG
holding a share in the nominal  amount of Euro 307,000.00. Peter Wolters
Poliertechnik is validly  existing under German law.   5    d) PETER
WOLTERS OF AMERICA, INC.   Peter Wolters of America, Inc. (hereinafter also
referred to as  "PETER WOLTERS AMERICA") is a corporation under the laws of
the  state of Massachusetts, USA, with its seat in Plainville, 
Massachusetts, USA. Peter Wolters America is registered under the  Federal
Identification No. 04-2547659. Its issued and outstanding  share capital
amounts to US $ 400,000.00 and is divided into 4,000  shares of common stock
with no par value. The sole shareholder of  Peter Wolters America is Peter
Wolters AG. Peter Wolters America is  validly existing and in good standing
under applicable US federal  and state laws.   e) RIWO-WIRE, INC.   RIWO-
WIRE, INC. (hereinafter also referred to as "RIWO-WIRE") is a  corporation
under the laws of the state of Massachusetts, USA, with  its seat in
Plainville, Massachusetts, USA. RIWO-WIRE is registered  under the Federal
Identification No. 04-2623037. Its share capital  amounts to US $ 0.00 and is
divided into 2,000 shares of common  stock with no par value, all of which
are issued and outstanding.  The shareholders of RIWO-WIRE are Peter Wolters
America holding  1,600 non par value shares equalling 80 % of the issued
shares and  Peter Wolters AG holding 400 shares equalling 20 % of the
issued  shares. RIWO-WIRE is validly existing and in good standing under 
applicable US federal and state laws but has currently no business 
activities.   f) PETER WOLTERS U.K. LIMITED   Peter Wolters U. K. Limited
(hereinafter also referred to as "PETER  WOLTERS UK") is a private limited
company under the laws of England  with its seat in London, England. Peter
Wolters UK was registered  with the companies house in Cardiff under Company
No. 2919793 on  April 18, 1994. Its share capital amounts to GBP 50,000.00,
which is  divided into 50,000 shares in the nominal amount of GBP 1.00
each.  The sole shareholder of Peter Wolters UK is Peter Wolters AG. Peter 
Wolters UK is validly existing under English law.   6    g) PETER WOLTERS
JAPAN KABUSHIKI KAISHA (IN ENGLISH: PETER WOLTERS  JAPAN CO., LTD.)   Peter
Wolters Japan Kabushiki Kaisha (in English: Peter Wolters  Japan Co., Ltd.)
(hereinafter also referred to as "PETER WOLTERS  JAPAN") is a limited
liability company under the laws of Japan with  its seat in Osaka, Japan.
Peter Wolters Japan was registered with  the Tokyo Legal Affairs Bureau on
April 8, 1998 under the  Registration No. 0023/98. Its share capital amounts
to JPY  100,000,000.00 and is divided into 2,000 ordinary shares with a par 
value of JPY 50,000.00 each. The sole shareholder of Peter Wolters  Japan is
Peter Wolters AG. Peter Wolters Japan is validly existing  under Japanese
law.   h) PETER WOLTERS ASIA PTE LTD.   Peter Wolters Asia Pte Ltd
(hereinafter also referred to as "PETER  WOLTERS ASIA") is a private company
limited by shares under the laws  of the Republic of Singapore with its seat
in Singapore, Republic of  Singapore. Peter Wolters Asia was registered with
the Registrar of  Companies and Businesses Singapore under Company no.
199201918W on  April 14, 1992. Its share capital amounts to SG $ 100,000.00
and is  divided into 100,000 shares in the nominal amount of SG $ 1.00
each.  The sole shareholder of Peter Wolters Asia is Peter Wolters AG. 
Peter Wolters Asia is validly existing under Singapore law but has  currently
no business activities.   i) RIWO-DRAHTWERK GMBH   RIWO-Drahtwerk GmbH
(hereinafter also referred to as  "RIWO-DRAHTWERK") is a limited liability
company (Gesellschaft mit  beschrankter Haftung - GmbH) under German law with
its seat in  Rendsburg, Federal Republic of Germany. RIWO-Drahtwerk is
registered  with the commercial register of the local court of Rendsburg, 
Federal Republic of Germany, under no. HRB 158. Its stated capital 
(Stammkapital) amounts to DEM 1,500,000.00. The stated capital has  been
fully paid-in. There have been no (direct or concealed)  repayments of
contributions, in particular no repayments violating  Section 30 GmbHG. The
sole shareholder of RIWO-Drahtwerk is Peter  Wolters AG. RIWO-Drahtwerk is
validly existing under   7    German law. RIWO-Drahtwerk has ceased to do
business as of September  30, 2001 and, since then, has had and has currently
no business  activities. On December 9, 2003 the shareholder has passed a 
shareholders\' resolution converting the denomination of the stated  capital
into Euro and reducing the stated capital to Euro 25,000.00.  According to
Section 58 para. 1 GmbHG the registration of a capital  reduction with the
commercial register requires a one year notice  period after three different
public announcements of the capital  decrease have been published by the
respective company in the German  Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). RIWO-
Drahtwerk has published the  third of such public announcements on January 9,
2004.  (4) The subject matter of this Agreement is the sale and the transfer
of all  of the outstanding Peter Wolters Shares by the Sellers to the
Purchaser  subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  (5) If
used in this Agreement the following terms shall have the meanings  ascribed
to them in this para. 5:   "ADJUSTED AGGREGATE PURCHASE PRICE" shall have
the meaning ascribed to it  in Section 4 para. 3 lit. b) below.  
"AGGREGATE PURCHASE PRICE" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in  Section
4 para. 1 below.   "AKTG" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1
para. 1 above.   "BANKING DAYS" means such days on which banks in Rendsburg,
Germany, and  San Jose, California, USA, are open to the general public.  
"BGB" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5 below.   "CLOSING"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 10 para. 1  below.  
"CLOSING DATE" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 10 para. 1 
below.   "COMPANY" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1 para.
1  above.   8    "COMPANIES" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 5 para. 1  below.   "CORPORATE REORGANIZATIONS" shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in  Section 1 para. 3 lit. a) above.   "ESCROW
AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4  para. 4
below.   "ESCROW AMOUNT" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4
para. 4  below.   "ESCROW PERIOD" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 4 para. 4  below.   "FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES" shall mean the
Subsidiaries which have their  registered company seat outside the Federal
Republic of Germany.   "GERMAN SUBSIDIARIES" shall have the meaning ascribed
to it in Section 1  para. 3 above.   "GMBHG" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 1 para. 3 lit. b)  above.   "GOB" shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in Section 4 para. 3 lit. a)  below.   "GWB" shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 10 para. 4 below.   "HGB" shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1 para. 3 lit. a)  above.  
"INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in 
Section 5 para. 15 below.   "KPMG" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 4 para. 3 lit. a)  below.   "MATERIAL AGREEMENTS" shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in Section 5  para. 16 below.   "NOVELLUS" shall
mean Novellus Systems, Inc., a California corporation.   "OBJECTIONS" shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4 para. 3  lit. a) below.  
9    "PETER WOLTERS AG" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
1  para. 1 above.   "PETER WOLTERS AMERICA" shall have the meaning ascribed
to it in Section 1  para. 3 lit. d) above.   "PETER WOLTERS ASIA" shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1  para. 3 lit. h) above.  
"PETER WOLTERS GMBH" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1 
para. 3 lit. b) above.   "PETER WOLTERS JAPAN" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 1  para. 3 lit. g) above.   "PETER WOLTERS KG"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1  para. 3 lit. a)
above.   "PETER WOLTERS POLIERTECHNIK" shall have the meaning ascribed to it
in  Section 1 para. 3 lit. c) above.   "PETER WOLTERS SHARE" shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in Section 1  para. 1 above.   "PETER WOLTERS UK"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1  para. 3 lit. f)
above.   "PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT" shall have the meaning ascribed to it
in  Section 4 para. 3 lit. b) below.   "PURCHASER" shall mean Johanna 34
Vermogensverwaltungs GmbH (to be renamed  NHL Acquisition Sub GmbH), a German
limited liability company.   "PURCHASERS\' AUDITOR" shall mean the company
of auditors appointed by the  Purchaser pursuant to Section 4 para. 3 lit. a)
below.   "RIWO-DRAHTWERK" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1
para.  3 lit. i) above.   "RIWO-WIRE" shall have the meaning ascribed to it
in Section 1 para. 3  lit. e) above.   10    "SELLER 1", "SELLER 2",
"SELLER 3", "SELLER 4", "SELLER 5", and "SELLERS"  shall mean those persons
specified in more detail above and in the Sellers  List attached as EXHIBIT
1.2 to this Agreement.   "SELLERS LIST" shall have the meaning ascribed to
it in Section 1 para. 2  above.   "SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE" shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in Section  12 para. 1 below.   "SELLERS SHARES"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2 para.  1 below.  
"SUBSIDIARY" and "SUBSIDIARIES" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in 
Section 1 para. 3 above.   "TAX DISPUTE" shall have the meaning ascribed to
it in Section 7 para. 7  lit. b) below.   "TRANSFER AUDIT REQUEST" shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Section  4 para. 3 lit. a) below.  
"TRANSFER DATE" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4 para. 3 
lit. a) below.   "TRANSFER FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in  Section 4 para. 3 lit. a) below.   "TAXES AND OTHER
CHARGES" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section  7 para. 1
below.   "UMWG" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1 para. 3
lit. a)  above.   "ZPO" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 12
para. 2 below.   SECTION 2  SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES  (1) The Sellers
hereby sell and the Purchaser hereby purchases 320,000 Peter  Wolters Shares
held by the Sellers (hereinafter also referred to as the  "SELLERS SHARES")
as specified in more detail in the Sellers List.   11   (2) The sale and
purchase of the Sellers Shares shall encompass any and all  rights and
ancillary rights attached to the Sellers Shares, in particular  any and all
dividend rights attached to the Sellers Shares, also with  respect to the
past, except for such dividends which have already been  distributed to the
shareholders of Peter Wolters AG.   SECTION 3  TRANSFER OF SHARES  The
actual transfer of the Sellers Shares shall be carried out at the Closing. At
the Closing the Sellers shall transfer to the Purchaser all Sellers Shares
by delivery of the global share certificates and by a separate transfer
agreement in accordance with EXHIBIT 3.1 to this Agreement. The actual
transfer of the Sellers Shares shall be subject to the payment of the
Aggregate Purchase Price pursuant to Section 4 below.   SECTION 4 
PURCHASE PRICE, PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT AND ESCROW  (1) The aggregate
purchase price (hereinafter also referred to as the  "AGGREGATE PURCHASE
PRICE") to be paid by the Purchaser for all 320,000  Peter Wolters Shares,
i.e. all Sellers Shares, shall be Euro  124,500,000.00 (in words: Euro one
hundred twenty-four million five  hundred thousand). Unless otherwise agreed
among the Sellers, the  Aggregate Purchase Price shall be equally allocated
to the Sellers Shares  resulting in a purchase price of Euro 389.0625 for
each Peter Wolters  Share.  (2) Subject to the provisions in para. 3 and 4
below, the Aggregate Purchase  Price shall be payable to the Sellers at the
Closing, in cash via wire  transfer free of bank charges to the separate bank
account  (Rechtsanwaltsanderkonto) of Taylor Wessing, Hamburg, acting as
Sellers\'  trustee (Treuhander), as shown in EXHIBIT 4.2 to this
Agreement.  (3) The Aggregate Purchase Price (and consequently the purchase
price for each  Peter Wolters Share) shall be subject to a possible downward
purchase  price adjustment in favor of the Purchaser as set forth in this
para. 3:   a) Within six weeks following the signing of this Agreement the 
Purchaser may request by written notification to the Sellers that  Peter
Wolters AG shall prepare   12    consolidated financial statements of
Peter Wolters AG including all  of its Subsidiaries as of the Transfer Date
(hereinafter referred to  as "TRANSFER AUDIT REQUEST"). Such consolidated
financial statements  of Peter Wolters AG shall be prepared by Peter Wolters
AG within one  month following the Transfer Audit Request in accordance
with  generally accepted German accounting principles (Grundsatze 
ordnungsma(beta)iger Buchfuhrung - GOB; hereinafter also referred to  as
"GOB") as consistently applied, and in accordance with Sections  264 et seq.,
Sections 290 et seq. HGB and taking into account the  agreements set forth in
Section 9 below. Thereafter, the  consolidated financial statements prepared
by Peter Wolters AG shall  be submitted to the Sellers Representative and the
Purchaser and  shall be audited and certified by the Company\'s current
auditor KPMG  Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft AG
Wirtschaftsprufungsgesellschaft  ("KPMG"). An independent auditing firm 
(Wirtschaftsprufungsgesellschaft) appointed by the Purchaser (the 
"PURCHASER\'S AUDITOR") may review and challenge the consolidated  financial
statements audited and certified by KPMG and consult with  the Purchaser.
KPMG and the Purchaser\'s Auditor, upon request and to  the extent legally
permissible, shall make available to each other,  to the Sellers
Representative and to the Purchaser copies of their  working papers as well
as of the audited and certified consolidated  financial statements. For
clarification purposes it is expressly  agreed and understood that the audit
to be performed by KMPG shall  be a voluntary audit and not an audit required
by law. In addition,  it is expressly agreed and understood that KPMG and the
Purchaser\'s  Auditor are independent and not subject to any instructions of
any  of the parties or Peter Wolters AG. They are neither obligated nor 
entitled to make any management decisions of any of the parties or  Peter
Wolters AG or any of the other Companies, in particular no  decisions
regarding the preparation of the consolidated financial  statements.   The
costs of the aforementioned audit by KPMG shall be borne by the  Sellers and
the costs of the audit of Purchaser\'s Auditor shall be  borne by the
Purchaser. With respect to these costs neither a  reserve shall be made nor a
liability shown in the consolidated  transfer statements of the Company as of
the Transfer Date.   If the Purchaser or the Sellers have objections to the
contents of  the consolidated financial statements (hereinafter referred to
as  "OBJECTIONS"), they shall notify the   13    Sellers Representative
or the Purchaser, respectively, in writing of  such Objections during the
audit, in no event, however, later than  one month after the delivery of the
consolidated financial  statements to the Purchaser or to the Sellers
Representative, as the  case may be, by the Company. In this case the Sellers
Representative  and the Purchaser shall endeavor to amicably settle any
dispute in  good faith to reach agreement on the Objections within one
month  after the Sellers Representative or the Purchaser, respectively, has 
received the notification of such Objections. Objections, however,  shall be
taken into account only if, on assumption of their  correctness, they would,
in the aggregate, lead to a change in the  Company\'s consolidated equity
within the meaning of Sections 298  para. 1, 266 para. 3 lit. A. HGB at the
Transfer Date (as defined  below) of at least Euro 25,000.00. If no
Objections have been  notified within the one-month-period following the
delivery of the  consolidated financial statements by the Company, or if
agreement on  any such Objections has been reached between the Sellers 
Representative and the Purchaser, or if the Objections do not exceed  the
aforementioned threshold, the consolidated financial statements  shall be
final and binding on the parties hereto.   If the Purchaser and the Sellers
Representative cannot agree in  whole or in part on the consolidated
financial statements within the  one-month-period after the Sellers
Representative or the Purchaser  has received the notification of any
Objections, the Purchaser and  the Sellers Representative shall jointly
appoint a third independent  auditing firm to finally settle any dispute and
to determine the  consolidated financial statements as of the Transfer Date
as expert  arbitrator (Schiedsgutachter) with binding effect for all
parties.  If the Purchaser and the Sellers Representative fail to agree on
the  expert arbitrator within two weeks after the expiration of the  one-
month-period, during which the Purchaser and the Sellers  Representative
shall attempt to settle the dispute, then, upon  request by the Sellers
Representative or the Purchaser, the  Institute of Chartered Accountants in
Germany (Institut der  Wirtschaftsprufer in Deutschland e.V.), Dusseldorf,
Federal Republic  of Germany, shall appoint such independent expert
arbitrator. The  expert arbitrator shall state the reasons for his decision
in  writing. In his decision, the expert arbitrator may not make any 
findings other than with respect to those Objections that remain in  dispute
between the parties as within the framework of the relevant  consolidated
financial statements of Peter Wolters AG. The fees and   14    costs of
the expert arbitrator shall be shared by the Sellers on the  one side and the
Purchaser on the other side equally unless  otherwise directed by the expert
arbitrator (which shall have the  authority to make such direction if it
deems it equitable and taking  into account the extent to which either party
was justified in its  complaint or assessment).   The consolidated
financial statements prepared, audited and  certified in accordance with this
lit. a) shall be final and binding  on all parties for purposes of this
Agreement and shall be deemed to  have been accepted and approved by each of
them and are hereinafter  referred to as the "TRANSFER FINANCIAL STATEMENTS".
The term  "TRANSFER DATE" as used in this Agreement shall mean April 30,
2004.   b) If the Transfer Financial Statements show a consolidated equity 
within the meaning of Sections 298 para. 1, 266 para. 3 lit. A. HGB  which is
less than Euro 23,354,813.99, the Aggregate Purchase Price  shall be
decreased by the difference between the consolidated equity  as of the
Transfer Date and Euro 23,354,813.99. The resulting  Aggregate Purchase Price
shall be the "ADJUSTED AGGREGATE PURCHASE  PRICE" and the difference between
the Aggregate Purchase Price and  the Adjusted Aggregate Purchase Price shall
be the "PURCHASE PRICE  ADJUSTMENT". The Sellers shall repay to the Purchaser
the Purchase  Price Adjustment, if any, in cash via wire transfer to an
account as  will be designated in writing by the Purchaser within ten
Banking  Days after such written instruction has been received by Sellers 
Representative and the Transfer Financial Statements have become  final and
binding pursuant to lit. a) above.   c) If the Sellers have not received a
Transfer Audit Request of the  Purchaser within the time period pursuant to
lit. a) above, this  shall be deemed a waiver by the Purchaser of the
procedure as set  forth in this para. 3 and the Purchaser shall have no
further right  to a Purchase Price Adjustment.   d) Any claims by the
Purchaser against the Sellers pursuant to this  para. 3 shall be barred after
six months after the Transfer  Financial Statements have become final and
binding on the parties  hereto.   15    e) For the avoidance of doubt,
it is expressly agreed that there will  be no purchase price adjustment in
favor of the Sellers, even if the  consolidated equity shown in the Transfer
Financial Statements  exceeds Euro 23,354,813.99.  (4) 10 % of the
Aggregate Purchase Price, i.e. Euro 12,450,000 (in words: Euro  twelve
million four hundred fifty thousand), shall not be paid directly to  the
Sellers at the Closing, but be paid into escrow. The payment into  escrow
shall be made into an interest bearing joint bank account 
(Gemeinschaftliches Anderkonto als Und-Konto) of Rechtsanwalte Taylor 
Wessing, Hamburg, with Rechtsanwalt Bernhard Kloft and Rechtsanwalt Robert 
Wethmar as account signatories, and FGS Treuhandgesellschaft fur 
Stiftungsvermogen mbH, Bonn, with Rechtsanwalt Dr. Stephan Gockeler and 
Rechtsanwalt/Steuerberater Dr. Jens Eric Gotthardt as account signatories. 
Such amount (hereinafter also referred to as the "ESCROW AMOUNT") shall 
serve as the sole security for any and all of Purchaser\'s claims and  rights
under or in connection with this Agreement, in particular as  security for
any claims for breach of any independent guarantee and any  claims for
indemnification pursuant to Sections 5, 6 and/or 7 below. The  details are
set forth in the escrow agreement attached to this Agreement  as EXHIBIT 4.4
(hereinafter also referred to as the "ESCROW AGREEMENT")  which shall be
executed immediately after the execution of this Agreement.  Any payments to
the Sellers from the escrow made in accordance with the  Escrow Agreement
shall not limit the liability of the Sellers under this  Agreement.  (5)
Novellus hereby guarantees to the Sellers the obligations of the Purchaser 
pursuant to this Section 4 to pay to the Sellers the Aggregate Purchase 
Price and the obligations of the Purchaser and the Company, respectively,  to
make the bonus payments after Closing pursuant to Section 9 below.   SECTION
5  INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE  The Sellers hereby guarantee to the Purchaser by
means of an independent guarantee (selbststandiges Garantieversprechen)
within the meaning of Section 311 para. 1 of the German Civil Code
(Burgerliches Gesetzbuch - BGB; hereinafter also referred to as "BGB") that
the following statements are correct as of the date of the signing of this
Agreement and as of the   16   Closing Date, unless a different relevant
date is expressly stated in one of the following statements:  (1) The
statements relating to Peter Wolters AG and its Subsidiaries  (hereinafter
also collectively referred to as the "COMPANIES") set forth  in Section 1
para. 1, 2 and 3 are correct. The Companies are fully  authorized and fully
qualified or licensed to do business in the  jurisdictions in which they have
their respective (registered) office.  (2) EXHIBIT 5.2 a) to this Agreement
contains complete and correct copies of  all relevant statutes and other
corporate documents of the Companies, as  they are in full force and effect.
EXHIBIT 5.2 b) to this Agreement  contains complete and correct copies of all
registration excerpts  (Handelsregisterauszuge) or equivalent documentation
under applicable law.  There are no resolutions or other facts that need to
be registered but  which have not yet been registered, except for the capital
reduction of  RIWO-Drahtwerk described in Section 1 para. 3 lit. i) above;
there are no  pending applications for registration.  (3) None of the
Companies has any shares, options to acquire shares or other  securities
outstanding other than the aggregate 320,000 Peter Wolters  Shares and those
shares set forth in Section 1 para. 3 above and issued to  the Sellers, Peter
Wolters AG or a Subsidiary, respectively. There are no  outstanding options,
conversion or exchange rights to purchase or obtain  any shares, interests or
other securities in one of the Companies. There  are no contracts,
commitments or other arrangements relating to the  issuance, sale, transfer
or purchase of any shares, interests or other  securities in one of the
Companies.  (4) All Peter Wolters Shares are held by the Sellers. Except as
disclosed in  EXHIBIT 5.4 to this Agreement all Peter Wolters Shares are
validly  existing and free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens,
security  interests, encumbrances, restrictions or charges of any kind or any
other  third-party rights. All contributions for the Peter Wolters Shares
are  fully made (samtliche Einlagen auf Aktien sind vollstandig geleistet).
All  Sellers are entitled to freely dispose of their Peter Wolters Shares;
in  particular, they do not require the consent of any third party or
violate  any third party rights by disposing of their Peter Wolters Shares.
Any  pledges of Peter Wolters Shares shall be released on or before the 
Closing.   17   (5) Peter Wolters AG and its Subsidiaries do not have any
subsidiaries and  affiliates other than those set forth in Section 1 para. 3
above.  (6) Except as disclosed in EXHIBIT 5.6 to this Agreement neither
Peter Wolters  AG nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any enterprise
agreement  (Unternehmensvertrag) within the meaning of Sections 291, 292
AktG,  including any silent partnerships (stille Gesellschaften) and
neither  Peter Wolters AG nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
profit or  turnover sharing agreement. The enterprise agreements disclosed in
Exhibit  5.6 to this Agreement have been and are valid for corporate and
tax  purposes for the periods stated therein.  (7) All Companies are
entitled to use their corporate names.  (8) The financial statements and
consolidated financial statements of Peter  Wolters AG and its Subsidiaries
for the years 2002 and 2003, as attached  as EXHIBIT 5.8 to this Agreement,
have been prepared in accordance with  applicable generally accepted
accounting principles, as consistently  applied, which in case of Peter
Wolters AG and its German Subsidiaries are  GOB. All such financial
statements are correct and give a true and fair  view of the financial status
and the results of each of the Companies and  the group as per the respective
balance sheet date (in the case of Peter  Wolters AG and its German
Subsidiaries: Vermogens-, Finanz- und  Ertragslage within the meaning of
Section 264 para. 2 HGB). To the extent  required, all such financial
statements have been audited by independent  auditing firms and have been
certified by such independent auditing firms  without any qualification. As
of the relevant dates, the Companies had no  liabilities or obligations that
are required by applicable generally  accepted accounting principles to be
provided for in such financial  statements that were not so provided
for.  (9) The inventories set forth in the consolidated financial statements
of  Peter Wolters AG for the year 2003, as adjusted for items sold or
replaced  in the ordinary course of business from the date of such
consolidated  financial statements until the date hereof or as of the
Closing, as  applicable, are properly valued in accordance with GOB and are
of a  quality and quantity currently useable and saleable in the ordinary
course  of business. The accounts receivable reflected in the consolidated 
financial statements of Peter Wolters for the year 2003, as adjusted for 
accounts receivable paid in the ordinary course of business from the date  of
such consolidated financial statements until the date   18    hereof or
as of the Closing, as applicable, (i) have been recorded in  accordance with
revenue recognition policies in compliance with GOB and  the historic revenue
recognition policies of Peter Wolters AG and its  Subsidiaries and, to the
best of Sellers\' knowledge, (ii) are valid and  fully enforceable as to the
face amount thereof and (iii) are not subject  to any right of offset in
favor of the relevant obligor. The adjustments  for doubtful accounts
receivable reflected in the consolidated financial  statements of Peter
Wolters AG for the year 2003 were established in  compliance with
GOB.  (10) Between December 31, 2003 and the date of this Agreement, there
has been  no material adverse change in the business of Peter Wolters AG and
its  Subsidiaries, in particular in its condition, financial or otherwise, 
assets, liabilities, reserves, or operations. Between December 31, 2003  and
the Closing: (i) the Companies have been operated in the ordinary  course of
business, and (ii) the Companies have not incurred any  liabilities other
than those incurred in connection with the transactions  contemplated herein
or in the ordinary course of their business  operations, consistent with past
practices, and (iii) there have been no  dividend payments and no dividend
resolutions on the level of Peter  Wolters AG with the exception of dividend
payments in the aggregate gross  amount of Euro 1,120,000.00 made by the
Company to the Sellers prior to  the date of this Agreement pursuant to a
shareholders\' resolution dated  May 26, 2004. To the best of Sellers\'
knowledge, the forecast prepared by  Peter Wolters AG and attached as EXHIBIT
5.10 to this Agreement has been  prepared with the care of a careful and
diligent business man (Sorgfalt  eines ordentlichen und gewissenhaften
Geschaftsleiters) within the meaning  of Section 93 para. 1 sentence 1
AktG.  (11) The Companies have not issued or entered into any guarantee,
letter of  comfort, or any other agreement of a similar nature, and the
Companies are  not liable for, and they are not securing, any third-party
obligations, in  particular any of the Sellers\' obligations, other than
those disclosed in  EXHIBIT 5.11 to this Agreement.  (12) EXHIBIT 5.12 to
this Agreement contains a complete and correct list of all  real estate (i)
owned or (ii) leased or otherwise occupied by one of the  Companies or its
predecessors as of the Closing Date or within the last  five years.   The
real estate and buildings presently used by Peter Wolters AG or any of  the
Subsidiaries, are, however, with respect to the real estate and  buildings
presently used   19    by the Foreign Subsidiaries only to the best of
Sellers\' knowledge, free  of any material pollution of soil, groundwater or
any other environmental  pollution of material effect for the curing and
cleaning up of which any  Peter Wolters AG or its German Subsidiaries could
be held liable. Each of  the Companies has, however, with respect to the real
estate and buildings  presently used by the Foreign Subsidiaries only to the
best of Sellers\'  knowledge, complied at all times and in all material
respects with all  applicable environmental laws and regulations. No
environmental claims  have been made or threatened to be made in connection
with the business of  any of the Companies which could give rise to losses,
damages, expenses or  liabilities. To the best of Sellers\' knowledge all
waste arising in the  course of the business of each of the Companies has
been properly treated  and disposed of in accordance with applicable
legislation and regulations.  (13) With the exception of the customary
reservation of title of suppliers as  well as customary security rights of
banks granted in the ordinary course  of business, each of the Companies has
full and unrestricted title, or is  otherwise legally entitled to use, all
assets, whether tangible or  intangible, which are material for their
business as presently conducted.  With this reservation all assets owned by
the Companies are free and clear  of any third party rights except as set
forth in EXHIBIT 5.13 to this  Agreement. All of the fixed assets owned or
used by the Companies are in  good operating condition, however, subject to
normal wear and tear.  (14) To the best of Sellers\' knowledge, none of the
Companies has sold or  provided any product or service which does not in all
material respects  comply with all applicable laws, regulations or
contractual standards at  the time of delivery or performance (as the case
may be), or which at the  time of delivery or performance (as the case may
be) is or was not capable  of being efficiently and properly used for the
purposes for which it was  produced and/or sold, or which is or was not in
accordance with any  representation, guarantee or warranty, express or
implied, given in  respect of it by the relevant Company which would expose
the relevant  Company to any criminal or other sanction under law or contract
or to any  liability. The amounts reserved for warranty obligations of Peter
Wolters  AG and its Subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements 
referenced in para. 8 above are adequate according to GOB.   20   (15)
Peter Wolters AG and the German Subsidiaries own or are otherwise entitled 
to use any and all Intellectual Property Rights which are material and 
required to operate their business as presently conducted and to 
manufacture, sell or otherwise provide any products or services for which 
revenue is included in the forecast attached as Exhibit 5.10 to this 
Agreement. "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall mean patents, patent 
applications, trade marks, service marks, applications of the foregoing to 
register, know-how and trade secrets. None of the Intellectual Property 
Rights which is material and reasonable required to operate the business  of
Peter Wolters AG or the German Subsidiaries has lapsed, has been  abandoned
or is subject to any pending opposition or cancellation  proceeding before
any registration authority in any of the jurisdictions  listed in EXHIBIT
5.15 a) to this Agreement. To the best of Sellers\'  knowledge, no third
party is infringing on any of the Intellectual  Property Rights material and
reasonable required to operate the business  of Peter Wolters AG or the
German Subsidiaries, except as disclosed in  EXHIBIT 5.15 b) to this
Agreement. None of the Intellectual Property  Rights used by Peter Wolters AG
and the German Subsidiaries and none of  their products infringes on, and,
except as disclosed in EXHIBIT 5.15 c)  to this Agreement, no third party has
asserted that any such products or  activities infringe on, any material
Intellectual Property Rights of any  third party. No claims have been made or
threatened, and there is no basis  for any claims by employees or former
employees of any of Peter Wolters AG  and the German Subsidiaries under any
statutory or contractual inventor  compensation provision, except for
potential statutory claims of (actual  or former) employees listed in EXHIBIT
5.15 d) to this Agreement. Except  as disclosed in item 9 of Exhibit 5.16 a)
to this Agreement, no licenses  have been granted to or by any of Peter
Wolters AG and the German  Subsidiaries with respect to its Intellectual
Property Rights. Each of the  employees listed in EXHIBIT 5.15 e) to this
Agreement is bound to  confidentiality obligations and to assign any and all
inventions to the  respective Company made in the course of his
employment.  (16) The execution and consummation of this Agreement and the
transactions  contemplated hereby do not violate any undertakings or
obligations of any  of the Companies under a Material Agreement (as defined
below) and does  not require the consent of any third party as a result of
any undertaking  or obligation of any of the Companies under a Material
Agreement. EXHIBIT  5.16 a) to this Agreement contains a complete and correct
list of all  Material Agreements to which any of the Companies is a party to.
None of  the Companies is in violation of or in default with any material 
obligations under any of the   21    Material Agreements. None of the
Material Agreements could be terminated  or could become terminable or create
additional material obligations or  encumbrances of any of the Companies as a
result of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. "MATERIAL
AGREEMENTS" shall be those kind  of agreements described in EXHIBIT 5.16 b)
to this Agreement. To the best  of Sellers\' knowledge, none of the
Companies\' customers, suppliers or  employees will terminate or is likely to
terminate or otherwise disrupt  the relationship with any of the
Companies.  (17) All material public or private permits and licenses
(including, without  limitation, all environmental licenses) required for the
conduct and  continuance of the business of any of the Companies in the
jurisdiction in  which they have their respective (registered) office and in
the manner in  which such business has been carried out in the respective
jurisdiction so  far have been properly obtained and are in full force and
effect, and, to  the best of Sellers\' knowledge, have been fully complied
with in all  material respects, subject only to the general statutory right
of any  governmental authority to revoke or restrict any such permits or
licenses.  No revocation or restriction is pending or threatened nor, to the
best of  Sellers\' knowledge, are there any circumstances which indicate that
any  such revocation or restriction will in whole or in part occur after
the  date of this Agreement.  (18) To the best of Sellers\' knowledge, all
business equipment, installations  and buildings used by any of the Companies
meet public safety and license  regulations. No judgments, orders or
decisions have been served or  threatened which could result in further
financial expenditures or  limitations and restrictions of the operations of
any of the Companies.  (19) EXHIBIT 5.19 a) (i) to this Agreement contains a
complete and correct list  of all bonuses and other payments payable by the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries to the management, employees, members of
the supervisory  board or any other advisory body and/or advisors. EXHIBIT
5.19 a) (ii)  contains a complete and correct list of any bonuses or other
payments with  respect to the 200-year anniversary of Peter Wolters AG, which
shall be  resolved and shall become payable by the respective Companies after
the  implementation of the bonus schemes set forth therein pursuant to
Section  9 below, and any costs and expenses with respect to the celebration
of the  200-year anniversary of Peter Wolters AG. EXHIBIT 5.19 b) to this 
Agreement contains a complete and correct list of   22    all employees
of the Companies as of the date of this Agreement, setting  forth their
respective name, age, starting date of employment, annual  salary, any
increase of any salary within the last twelve months,  additional benefits,
and pension entitlements/obligations. Except as  disclosed in EXHIBIT 5.19 c)
to this Agreement, the Companies are not  subject to any collective
bargaining agreement (Tarifvertrag), be it  directly or by means of
continuing effect (Nachwirkung), or any workers\'  council agreement
(Betriebsvereinbarung). The workers\' council agreement  relative to RIWO-
Drahtwerk is fully consummated and no further costs will  be incurred in
connection therewith. Except as disclosed in EXHIBIT 5.19  d) to this
Agreement there are no pension plans, old-age plans, health  insurance plans,
arrangements for redundancy payments or similar  arrangements with employees
or former employees in excess of any statutory  rights, except for tax
advantageous direct insurances (steuerbegunstigte  Direktversicherung mit
oder ohne Gehaltsumwandlung). The amounts reserved  in the consolidated
financial statements of Peter Wolters AG for the year  2003 are in full
compliance with GOB. Except as stated below or in Exhibit  5.19 c) to this
Agreement, none of the Companies is a member to an  employer\'s association
(Arbeitgeberverband). Peter Wolters AG has  terminated its membership in the
employer\'s association Nordmetall  effective as of September 8, 2003. Since
October 1, 2003 Peter Wolters AG  is a member of the employer\'s association
AGV Nord, Allgemeiner Verband  der Wirtschaft Norddeutschlands e.V. Such
membership does not and will not  result in any of the Companies being
subject to any collective bargaining  agreement (Tarifvertrag).  (20)
EXHIBIT 5.20 to this Agreement contains a complete and correct list of all 
insurance arrangements entered into with respect to any of the Companies  or
their business.  (21) EXHIBIT 5.21 to this Agreement contains a complete and
correct list of all  public grants and other public subsidies paid or agreed
to be paid to, or  applied for by, any of the Companies. Neither of the
Companies has done or  agreed to do anything which could result in a
repayment of any public  subsidies. Except as disclosed in EXHIBIT 5.21 to
this Agreement, none of  the transactions contemplated hereunder will or can
result in such  repayment obligations.  (22) There is no labor strike or
other work stoppage of employees of any of the  Companies currently in
effect, and to the best knowledge of the Seller,  none is threatened.  
23   (23) Except as disclosed in EXHIBIT 5.23 to this Agreement, there is
no claim,  action, suit, or proceeding pending and, to the best knowledge of
Sellers,  threatened, involving any of the Companies (including any
governmental or  arbitration proceedings).  (24) EXHIBIT 5.24 to this
Agreement contains a complete and correct list of all  bank accounts of all
of the Companies including the persons authorized to  sign for them with
respect to these bank accounts.  (25) EXHIBIT 5.25 to this Agreement
contains a complete and correct list of all  powers of attorneys issued by
any of the Companies which are currently in  force.  (26) All accounting
records and systems and any other information technology  systems and related
software used by any of the Companies are recorded,  stored, maintained or
operated or otherwise held by the Companies and are  not, with the exception
of communications systems, wholly or partly  dependent on any facilities or
systems which are not under the exclusive  ownership or control of any of the
Companies. All Companies are licensed  to use all software necessary to
enable them to continue to use their  computerized records for the
foreseeable future in the same manner in  which they had been used prior to
the date of this Agreement.  (27) The Corporate Reorganizations have been
prepared and consummated in  accordance with all applicable laws and do not
result in any liabilities  (including tax liabilities not provided for in the
financial statements as  of December 31, 2003) except for any tax
liabilities, which are a result  of corporate reorganizations pursuant to
UmwG or other measures made or  undertaken by the Purchaser after the Closing
and which have a retroactive  effect (steuerliche Ruckwirkung).  (28) To
the best of Sellers\' knowledge, all material information relating to  the
Companies and their businesses submitted to the Purchaser by the  Sellers or
the Companies is true and correct and not misleading. To the  best of
Seller\'s knowledge, the Sellers and the Companies have not  withheld any
material information that a reasonable purchaser would need  to know. The
Sellers are not aware of material facts or circumstances  which in the future
could have a material adverse effect on any of the  Companies and their
respective business operations with the exception of  general developments of
the   24    economy, the markets, the volatility in the capital equipment
sector and  unforeseen world events.   SECTION 6  LEGAL REMEDIES  (1) If
one of the Sellers\' guarantees in this Agreement is partially or wholly 
incorrect or is not fulfilled, the Purchaser may demand that it be put in 
the position in which it would be had the guarantee been correct or 
fulfilled. The Purchaser may, however, only assert claims for damages if  it
has previously requested on the Sellers in writing to establish the 
guaranteed status within a reasonable period - one month at least - and if 
such period has expired without the guaranteed status having been 
established, unless the Sellers have rejected to establish the guaranteed 
status or it is impossible to establish such status. If the Purchaser\'s 
damage is that third parties assert or make a claim against one of the 
Companies contrary to a guarantee, the Sellers may also comply with such 
claim by undertaking to indemnify the affected Company.  (2) With regard to
the guarantee pursuant to Section 5 para. 4 above, each  Seller shall be
liable only for the respective Peter Wolters Shares sold  by him or it. Any
liability of the other Sellers shall be excluded to such  extent. With the
exception of any liability of the Sellers under Section 7  below, for which
Section 7 para. 6 below shall apply, the Sellers shall be  jointly and
severally liable ("gesamtschuldnerische Haftung") only within  the amounts
set forth in para. 5 below with regard to any other guarantees  provided for
in this Agreement.  (3) The Purchaser may only claim damages from the
Sellers on the basis of  violations of guarantees under this Agreement if the
amount of such claims  exceeds Euro 500,000.00 in the aggregate, provided,
however, that, the  foregoing threshold shall not apply for any violation of
the guarantees  contained in Section 5 para. 4 and Section 5 para. 19
sentences 1 and 2  above. If the claims (individually or in the aggregate)
exceed the minimum  amount of Euro 500,000.00, the Purchaser may claim for
the full amount of  the loss (Freigrenze). In the event that any of the
employees listed in  Exhibit 5.15 d) to this Agreement makes a claim under
statutuory inventor  compensation provisions, the Sellers shall indemnify the
Purchaser and/or  any of the Companies against such claim provided, however,
that the  liability of the Sellers shall be limited to an amount of Euro
50,000.00  per   25    employee. For the avoidance of doubt it is
clarified that  "double-recovery" is excluded. In particular the Purchaser
shall have no  claim for damages if and to the extent that   a) Peter
Wolters AG has made adequate provisions in the consolidated  financial
statements for the year 2003 or the Transfer Financial  Statements (in the
latter case, however, only to the extent that  such provisions had to be made
in accordance with GOB and past  practice and (i) were also made in the
consolidated financial  statements for the year 2003 or (ii) could not be
made in the  consolidated financial statements for the year 2003 and the
basis  for them has occurred in the ordinary course of business after 
December 31, 2003 and - to the extent Sellers had actual knowledge  thereof -
has been disclosed to the Purchaser prior to the execution  of this
Agreement), or   b) insurance coverage repays Purchaser or the respective
Company for  the loss incurred, in either case, for the guaranteed
circumstances,  or   c) a breach of guarantee given or undertaken by the
Sellers in this  Agreement at the same time results in a reduction of the 
consolidated equity as per the Transfer Date under the amount as  guaranteed
in Section 4 para. 3 above and has lead to a Purchase  Price
Adjustment.  (4) Sections 442 BGB and 377 HGB shall not apply. In
particular, any  Purchaser\'s claim can be made even if the Purchaser was
aware, or could  have been aware, of the fact that a Sellers\' guarantee was
not correct.  However, the Purchaser and Novellus acknowledge to the Sellers
that  neither of them nor their advisers have actual knowledge (free of any 
doubt) that a Sellers\' guarantee under this Agreement is incorrect or 
misleading.  (5) The aggregate liability of the Sellers in respect of claims
arising from a  violation of guarantees pursuant to Section 5 para. 1 to 7
above is  limited to the Aggregate Purchase Price or the Adjusted Aggregate
Purchase  Price, as the case may be, however, subject to the proviso that
the  individual maximum liability of each Seller shall be limited to that 
portion of the Aggregate Purchase Price, or Adjusted Aggregate Purchase 
Price, if applicable, which corresponds with the interest of such Seller  in
Peter Wolters AG in accordance with the Sellers List. The aggregate 
liability of the Sellers in respect of claims arising from a violation of 
any other guarantee contained in Section 5 above is limited   26    to an
amount equal to the Escrow Amount pursuant to Section 4 para. 4  above,
however, subject to the proviso that the maximum aggregate  liability of the
Sellers in respect of claims arising from a violation of  any other guarantee
contained in Section 5 above and all other guarantees  or indemnities under
this Agreement (except for guarantees pursuant to  Section 5 para. 1 to 7
above to which sentence 1 above applies) shall in  no event exceed an amount
equal to 150 % of the Escrow Amount, i.e. Euro  18,675,000.00 (in words:
eighteen million six hundred seventy five  thousand).  (6) To the extent
legally permissible, any claims by the Purchaser against the  Sellers under
this Section 6 in connection with Section 5 above shall be  barred as
follows:   a) any claims resulting from an incorrect statement under Section
5  para. 11, 12, 13, 15, 19, 21, 23, or 27 above shall be barred after 
three years after the Closing Date;   b) any claims resulting from an
incorrect statement under Section 5  para. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, or 7 above shall
be barred after ten years  after the Closing Date;   c) all other claims of
the Purchaser against the Sellers under this  Agreement for breach of a
guarantee in Section 5 above that are not  described in lit. a) and b) above
shall become barred one year after  the Closing Date.  (7) The
aforementioned limitation periods shall be suspended (gehemmt) if the 
Purchaser informs the Sellers in writing within the limitation period that 
it will assert a claim and thereby, to the extent possible, states the 
amount of the claim (or an estimate thereof) and briefly sets out the 
reasons for the claim, provided that the Purchaser, within a further  period
of six months after the sending of such written notification,  brings an
action or takes other measures pursuant to Sections 203 and/or  204 BGB that
suspends the running of the limitation period.  (8) Unless expressly stated
otherwise, any liability under this Section 6 in  connection with any
incorrect statement under Section 5 above shall not  require any knowledge
and/or any fault on the side of any of the Sellers.  (9) If any of the
statements under Section 5 above are subject to the "best  knowledge of
Sellers", the actual knowledge of any of the Sellers or any  of the
management (Vorstand) of   27    Peter Wolters AG or the ignorance due to
gross negligence ("Kennen  mussen") of any of such persons shall be, within
the limits of para. 5  above, relevant. In any event, best knowledge of the
management of Peter  Wolters AG includes such knowledge which the management
could have  obtained by applying the standard of care of a careful and
diligent  business man (Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen und gewissenhaften 
Geschaftsleiters) within the meaning of Section 93 para. 1 sentence 1 
AktG.  (10) Any claims of the Purchaser against the Sellers under this
Agreement or by  law - whatever their legal grounds may be - which go beyond
the  obligations and guarantees of the Sellers contained in this Agreement
are  excluded unless liability is mandatory by law or the Sellers acted
with  intent or gross negligence. Save for the provision set out in Section
4  above, claims on the part of the Purchaser for a reduction of the
purchase  price or rescission as a result of avoidance due to error or
withdrawal  from the Agreement are expressly excluded. The aforementioned
guarantees  of the Sellers are the final and exclusive representations and
warranties  under this Agreement and no further representations or warranties
have  been provided by the Sellers. The Sellers shall assume no further 
guarantees beyond those in this Agreement. In particular the Sellers shall 
assume no liability for a given value or profitability of the Sellers 
Shares. No guarantee is made as to the future performance of the Companies 
or to any financial projection provided to the Purchaser, except as 
contained in the last sentence of Section 5 para. 10 above.  (11) According
to the mutual understanding and joint intent of the Purchaser  and the
Sellers the guarantees of the Sellers under this Agreement shall  not be
regarded as a guarantee of a certain condition or quality 
("Beschaffenheitsgarantie") within the meaning of Section 444 BGB but are 
exclusively granted and limited upon an agreement between the parties 
according to Section 311 para. 1 BGB.   28    SECTION 7  TAXES  (1) In
addition to the guarantees contained in Section 5 above, the Sellers  hereby
guarantee to the Purchaser by means of an independent guarantee 
(selbststandiges Garantieversprechen) within the meaning of Section 311 
para. 1 BGB that the following statements are correct:   a) All returns
relating to taxes including any employee withholding  taxes (einzubehaltene
Lohnsteuer), social security contributions,  duties, public charges and
levies of all kinds (hereinafter referred  to as "TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES")
relating to periods ending on or  before the Closing Date which are required
to have been filed by or  with respect to any of the Companies have been duly
and timely filed  on or prior to the due date and all Taxes and Other Charges
shown to  be due on such returns for which any of the Companies is liable
have  been timely paid.   b) To the best of Sellers\' knowledge, EXHIBIT
7.1 b) to this Agreement  contains a correct description of Peter Wolters
AG\'s corporation tax  credit (Korperschaftsteuerguthaben) and the tax losses
(steuerliche  Verlustvortrage) of Peter Wolters AG and Peter Wolters KG as
of  December 31, 2003, respectively.   c) Except as disclosed in EXHIBIT
7.1 c) (i) to this Agreement, there  is no action, suit or investigation,
claim or assessment pending or,  to the best knowledge of the Sellers,
threatened with respect to  Taxes and Other Charges relating to any of the
Companies. EXHIBIT  7.1 c) (ii) to this Agreement contains a complete and
correct list  of the last tax audits performed with respect to Peter Wolters
AG  and its German Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in EXHIBIT 7.1 c) 
(iii) to this Agreement, none of Peter Wolters AG and its German 
Subsidiaries has received any written ruling (verbindliche Auskunft) 
regarding Taxes and Other Charges or entered into any written and  legally
binding agreement or is currently under negotiations to  enter into any such
agreement with any authority which would affect  its situation with respect
to Taxes and Other Charges. Section 6  para. 1 above applies mutatis
mutandis.   29   (2) Notwithstanding Sections 5 and 6 and para. 1 above,
and in addition  thereto, the Sellers shall indemnify (freistellen) the
Purchaser and/or  any of the Companies from any and all outstanding Taxes and
Other Charges  (including delinquency payments, interests, surcharges on
delay and  administrative fines and similar additions as well as any taxes,
costs and  expenses associated therewith) relating to any periods ending on
or before  December 31, 2003 for which any of the Companies is made liable,
if, to  the extent and at the time any of the Companies is obliged to pay
such  Taxes and Other Charges, irrespective whether such Taxes and Other
Charges  are known or unknown as of the Closing. The same shall apply with
respect  to constructive dividend distributions (verdeckte
Gewinnausschuttungen)  occuring in or resulting from the period between
December 31, 2003 and the  Closing Date. The Sellers, however, grant neither
a guarantee nor an  indemnity to the Purchaser and/or the Companies with
regard to the tax  treatment of the post Closing bonus payments and payment
of other amounts  pursuant to Section 9 below.   Accruals made for Taxes
and Other Charges in the financial statements for  the year 2003 referenced
in Section 5 para. 8 above as well as any tax  relief or other advantage in
the same or the subsequent fiscal years  realized as a consequence of such
Taxes and Other Charges to be  indemnified against shall be credited against
such liabilities by the net  present value of such tax relief or advantage,
provided however that the  net present value shall be computed at a discount
rate of 5 % p.a. The  same shall apply to any refunds or reduction of taxes
with respect to  assessment periods up to the Closing which are not included
in the  financial statements for the year 2003 referenced in Section 5 para.
8  above.  (3) Any claims under para. 1 and/or 2 above shall become barred
after the  expiration of six months after the relevant assessment for the
relevant  Taxes and Other Charges and the relevant period or such other
assessment  or order or decision has become final and non-appealable. Section
6 para.  7 above applies mutatis mutandis to these claims.  (4) For the
avoidance of doubt, it is expressly agreed that Section 6 para. 3  sentences
1 and 2 and para. 5 above do not apply, whereas Section 6 para.  3 sentences
3 and 4 and para. 4, para. 8, 9, 10 and 11 above do apply  mutatis mutandis
to any claims under para. 1 and/or 2 above.   30   (5) The aggregate
liability of the Sellers in respect of any claims pursuant  to this Section 7
is limited to an amount equal to the Escrow Amount  pursuant to Section 4
para. 4 above, however, subject to the proviso that,  with the exception of
the maximum liability of the Sellers in respect of  claims arising from a
violation of any guarantees contained in Section 5  para. 1 to 7 above, for
which Section 6 para. 5 sentence 1 above shall  apply, the maximum aggregate
liability of the Sellers in respect of claims  arising from a violation of
this Section 7 and all other guarantees and  indemnities under this Agreement
shall in no event exceed an amount equal  to 150 % of the Escrow Amount, i.e.
Euro 18,675,000.00 (in words: eighteen  million six hundred seventy-five
thousand).  (6) With regard to the guarantees pursuant to para. 1 above and
the indemnity  obligations pursuant to para. 2 above the Sellers shall be
jointly and  severally liable ("gesamtschuldnerische Haftung") only within
the amounts  as set forth in para. 5 above.  (7) The parties will cooperate
and use their respective best efforts to ensure  that, as soon as possible
after the date of this Agreement, separate tax  audits of Peter Wolters AG
and its German Subsidiaries shall take place  covering the period up to
December 31, 2003. The Purchaser shall inform  the Sellers in writing
immediately about any tax audits, any  correspondence or other contacts with
the tax authorities relating to the  period until and including the Closing
Date. Any tax audits,  correspondence or other contacts with the tax
authorities shall be  prepared and conducted by Peter Wolters AG and each of
its German  Subsidiaries, as the case may be, giving full access to the
Sellers and/or  their advisors (including, but not limited to legal and tax
advisors) to  participate in such tax audits and to challenge (following
consultation  with the Purchaser as to the form and content of such challenge
and taking  into account the Purchaser\'s reasonable interests) any findings
and/or  assessments of the tax authorities, which relate to the time up to 
December 31, 2004 and which could result in any Sellers\' liability. The 
Purchaser shall also procure that, to the extent legally permissible, the 
tax returns of the Companies for the fiscal year 2004 are made consistent 
with prior tax returns. All items of the tax balance sheet shall be agreed 
upon between the Purchaser and the Sellers to the extent they might affect 
Sellers\' position under this Agreement.   Until any of the Companies has
received an assessment notice or after it  has received an assessment notice
pursuant to which, would it become  non-appealable (bestandskraftig), the
Purchaser would have a claim against  the Sellers under this Agreement,  
31    a) any agreements and understandings with the tax authorities shall
be  agreed upon between the Purchaser and the Sellers. Should the  Purchaser
and the Sellers not be able to reach such agreement within  a reasonable time
period, the respective Company and/or the  Purchaser shall take such action
(Einspruch und/oder Klage), which  is reasonably requested by the Sellers to
challenge the tax  assessments. The Purchaser shall provide and shall procure
that the  respective Company provides such information as is reasonably 
requested by the Sellers for this purpose;   b) the Purchaser shall procure
that the respective Company shall take  such action as the Sellers may
reasonably request by notice in  writing to the Purchaser to avoid, dispute,
defend, resist, appeal  or compromise any Tax or Other Charges claim
(hereinafter referred  to as "TAX DISPUTE") and in case the Sellers give such
notice   (i) the Purchaser shall procure that the Tax Dispute is not 
settled or otherwise compromised without the Sellers\' prior  written
consent, and   (ii) the Purchaser shall provide and procure that the
respective  Company provides such information as is reasonably requested  by
the Sellers for this purpose.   The costs of any such legal proceedings and
actions shall be borne  and advanced by the Sellers provided that such tax
assessment gave  cause for such a request by the Sellers.   c) Any breach
of the obligations of the Purchaser set forth in this  para. 7 shall exclude
any claims of the Purchaser against the  Sellers pursuant to this Section 7
with respect to the issue in  relation to which the breach was committed to
the extent the breach  has adversely affected Sellers\' position under this
Agreement.  (8) If tax assessments, in particular as a consequence of tax
audits, lead to  a change in tax valuations in the balance sheet of any of
the Companies  for assessment periods up to December 31, 2003, this shall
have no  influence on the Aggregate Purchase Price pursuant to Section 4
above.   32    SECTION 8  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE CLOSING
DATE  The Sellers hereby agree to procure that, pending the Closing Date and
except as otherwise agreed by the Purchaser in writing, the following will
take place:  (1) The Companies will carry on their business diligently and
substantially in  the same manner as presently conducted. They shall not
institute any new  methods of management, accounting or operation or engage
in any  transaction or activity, enter into any agreement or make any
commitment  except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past  practice.  (2) The Companies will conduct their business in a way
that the statements  contained in Section 5 above are correct as of the
Closing Date, save for  any changes or deviations which are the result of the
continuing business  operations in the ordinary course of business.  (3)
Neither will the Sellers cast their vote to pass a dividend resolution of 
Peter Wolters AG nor will Peter Wolters AG pay any dividends to its 
shareholders other than dividends set forth in Section 5 para. 10
above.  (4) KPMG as advisors will continue to assist Peter Wolters AG to
reconcile its  results for future US reporting purposes as consolidated
statements under  US generally accepted accounting principles (US-GAAP) for
the calendar  year 2003, for each of the calendar quarters of the year 2003
and for the  first calendar quarter of 2004.   SECTION 9  POST-CLOSING
BONUS PAYMENTS, DIVIDENDS AND OTHER AMOUNTS  (1) Following the Closing,
Novellus and the Purchaser shall procure that the  Companies timely and fully
pay those bonuses, payments and other expenses  set forth in Exhibit 5.19 a)
(i) to this Agreement (relating to bonus  payments to be made by the Company
or Peter Wolters KG, as the case may  be, to the management) and Exhibit 5.19
a) (ii) to this Agreement  (relating to the bonus schemes for employees of
the Companies with respect  to the 200-year anniversary of Peter Wolters AG)
in amounts set forth  therein. Novellus and the Purchaser shall procure that
the Companies adopt  the resolutions and   33    take all measures which
are necessary to make the bonus payments to the  management as set forth in
Exhibit 5.19 a) (i) to this Agreement and to  implement the bonus schemes to
employees of the Companies as set forth in  Exhibit 5.19 a) (ii) to this
Agreement. The parties agree that - with the  exception of the bonus payments
to the management set forth in Exhibit  5.19 a) (i) to this Agreement, for
which a corresponding reserve  (Ruckstellung) in the same amount shall be
made - with respect to the  bonuses, payments and other expenses as set forth
in Exhibit 5.19 a) (ii)  to this Agreement neither a corresponding reserve
shall be made nor any  liability shall be shown in the Transfer Financial
Statements.  (2) For the avoidance of doubt, it is expressly agreed that the
dividend  payments in the aggregate amount of Euro 1,120,000.00 made by the
Company  to the Sellers prior to the date of this Agreement pursuant to a 
shareholders resolution dated May 26, 2004 shall be taken into account as 
liability in the Transfer Financial Statements.   SECTION 10 
CLOSING  (1) On June 28, 2004, or on such other date as may be mutually
agreed upon in  writing by the Sellers and the Purchaser (herein also
referred to as the  "CLOSING DATE"), the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby  (herein also referred to as the "CLOSING") shall occur
at the offices of  Taylor Wessing located at Neuer Wall 44, 20354 Hamburg,
Federal Republic  of Germany, or at such other place as may be mutually
agreed upon in  writing by the Sellers and the Purchaser.  (2) At the
Closing, the following acts shall take place concurrently:   a) Execution of
a transfer agreement on the Sellers Shares as per  Exhibit 3.1 to this
Agreement and delivery of the global share  certificates for all Peter Wolter
Shares from the Sellers to the  Purchaser;   b) Payment by the Purchaser of
the Aggregate Purchase Price in cash to  the Sellers pursuant to Section 4
above and subject to lit. c)  below;   34    c) Payment by the Purchaser
of the Escrow Amount to the escrow agents  specified in the Escrow
Agreement.   d) Hand-over by the Sellers of letters of Messrs. H.J.
Bovensiepen, D.  Knipping, O. Meuser, B. Kloft and L. Rehfeldt containing
their  resignation from office as members of the supervisory board of Peter 
Wolters AG to the Purchaser;   e) Delivery of a written statement of release
by the creditor regarding  the share pledges as listed in Exhibit 5.4 to this
Agreement to the  Purchaser.   f) Delivery of a written statement of
release by Deutsche Bank AG  regarding securities granted by Peter Wolters AG
in favor of Seller  1 and delivery of evidence that the accounting by Peter
Wolters AG  for Seller 1 shall be terminated as per December 31, 2004 and
that  Mr. H.J. Bovensiepen\'s right to a company car has terminated at the 
Closing at the latest without any further obligations of any of the 
Companies.  (3) At the end of the Closing session the parties shall mutually
confirm to  each other in writing if and when the acts to be carried out
during the  Closing have been performed.  (4) Immediately after the
Closing, the Purchaser shall hold an extraordinary  shareholder meeting of
Peter Wolters AG in which the election of the new  members of the supervisory
board of Peter Wolters AG (to be nominated by  the Purchaser) shall be
resolved.  (5) For purposes of this Agreement, the Sellers represent and
guarantee to the  Purchaser and Novellus that Peter Wolters AG and its
Subsidiaries did not  have consolidated sales in Germany within the meaning
of Section 35 para.  1 no. 2 of the German Act against Competition Restraints
(Gesetz gegen  Wettbewerbsbeschrankungen - GWB; hereinafter also referred to
as "GWB") in  the year 2003 in excess of Euro 25,000,000.00. For purposes of
this  Agreement, the Purchaser and Novellus represent and guarantee to the 
Sellers that Novellus and its subsidiaries did not have consolidated sales 
in Germany within the meaning of Section 35 para.1 no. 2 GWB in the year 
2003 in excess of Euro 25,000,000.00. On this basis, the parties agree  that
the transactions contemplated hereby do not require notification of  the
German Federal Cartel Office (Bundeskartellamt) and   35    that their
consummation at the Closing does not violate Section 41 para. 1  sentence 1
GWB. For purposes of this Agreement, the Sellers furthermore  represent and
guarantee to the Purchaser and Novellus that Peter Wolters  AG and its
subsidiaries did not have consolidated sales in or into the  United States of
America in the year 2003 in excess of US-$ 50,000,000.00  and do not have
assets in the United States of America in excess of US-$  50,000,000.00. On
this basis, the parties agree that the transactions  contemplated hereby do
not require any filings under the Hard-Scott-Rodino  Act of the United States
of America and that their consummation at the  Closing does not violate any
applicable US federal or state antitrust  laws.   SECTION 11  NON-
COMPETITION AND OTHER COVENANTS OF SELLERS AND PURCHASER  (1) For a period
of two years following the Closing Date, neither of the  Sellers shall
compete with any of the Companies in their present business  and their
present regional markets, neither directly nor indirectly nor by  acting as a
consultant or holding an interest, directly or indirectly, in  any company
which competes with any of the Companies. In case of violation  of this non-
compete obligation, any Seller which is in breach of such  obligation shall
pay, upon request, a contractual penalty (Vertragsstrafe)  in the amount of
Euro 200,000.00 to the Purchaser for each and every  violation. Any violation
for a period of more than four weeks shall be  deemed for purposes of this
provision to be a separate violation. The  right to claim damages, to file a
petition for a preliminary injunction  and any other rights of the Purchaser
shall remain unaffected. Any purely  financial investment of the Sellers in
publicly listed companies which  does not exceed a participation of 2 % of
the registered (issued) share  capital of such company shall be exempt from
this non-competition  covenant.  (2) Except as required by law or by any
governmental or other regulatory or  supervisory body or authority of
competent jurisdiction to whose rules the  party making the announcement or
disclosure is subject, whether or not  having the force of law, no
announcement or circular or disclosure in  connection with the existence or
subject matter of this Agreement shall be  made or issued by or on behalf of
any of the Sellers or the Purchaser  without the prior written approval of
the Purchaser and the Sellers  Representative, such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.   36   (3) Novellus and the Purchaser
intend to, but are in no way bound to, make an  election under Section 338 of
the Internal Revenue Code of the United  States of America with respect to
the purchase of the Peter Wolters Shares  as well as for its non-U.S.
subsidiaries.   SECTION 12  SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE, PURCHASER\'S AND
NOVELLUS\' PROCESS AGENT  (1) The Sellers hereby irrevocably appoint Seller
1 as their representative  (herein also referred to as "SELLERS
REPRESENTATIVE") for all matters in  connection with this Agreement.  (2)
The Sellers Representative is hereby irrevocably authorized by any and all 
Sellers to act as their representative for all matters under or in 
connection with this Agreement (including the Escrow Agreement). As such 
representative, Sellers Representative is entitled to make and receive any 
and all binding statements and commitments and to enter into any and all 
agreements which it deems to be reasonable. In case of a legal dispute in 
connection with this Agreement (including the Escrow Agreement) the  Sellers
Representative shall act as process agent (rechtsgeschaftlich  bestellter
Vertreter) of the Sellers within the meaning of Sections 171,  174 of the
German Code of Civil Procedure (Zivilprozessordnung - ZPO;  hereinafter also
referred to as "ZPO"). Any conflicting acts or statements  by any of the
Sellers shall be of no effect in the relationship to the  Purchaser.  (3)
The Purchaser and Novellus each hereby irrevocably appoint their German 
counsel in this transaction, the Partnerschaft Flick Gocke Schaumburg, 
Johanna-Kinkel-Strasse 2 - 4, 53175 Bonn, to act as their respective  process
agent (rechtsgeschaftlich bestellter Vertreter) within the meaning  of
Sections 171, 174 ZPO in case of a legal dispute in connection with  this
Agreement (including the Escrow Agreement).   37    SECTION 13 
NOTICES  (1) Unless agreed to otherwise in this Agreement, any notices under
or in  connection with this Agreement, in order to be valid, shall be in
writing  in the English language and addressed to:   a) If to Purchaser
and/or Novellus:   Johanna 34 Vermogensverwaltungs GmbH  (to be renamed NHL
Acquisition Sub GmbH)   if before Closing:   Johanna-Kinkel-Stra(beta)e
2-4  53175 Bonn  Federal Republic of Germany  Fax: ++49-228-9594-100   if
after Closing:   Busumer Stra(beta)e 96  24768 Rendsburg  Federal Republic
of Germany  Fax: ++49-4331-458-205   and   Chief Financial Officer 
Novellus Systems, Inc.  4000 North First Street  San Jose, CA 95134  USA 
Fax: ++1-408-943 3448   with a copy (for information purposes only) to:  
Michael C. Phillips  Morrison and Foerster LLP  755 Page Mill Road  Palo
Alto, CA 94304-1018  USA  Fax: ++1-650-494-0792   38    and   Dr.
Stephan Gockeler  FLICK GOCKE SCHAUMBURG  Johanna-Kinkel-Stra(beta)e 2-4 
53175 Bonn  Federal Republic of Germany  Fax: ++49-228-9594-100   b) If to
Sellers:   Sellers Representative  Peter Wolters Stiftung,   if before
Closing:   Busumer Stra(beta)e 96  24768 Rendsburg  Federal Republic of
Germany  Fax: ++49-4331-458-205   if after Closing:   Kanalufer 222 
24768 Rendsburg  Federal Republic of Germany  Fax: ++49-4331-22468   with
a copy (for information purposes only) to:   Bernhard Kloft  Taylor
Wessing  Neuer Wall 44  20354 Hamburg  Federal Republic of Germany  Fax:
++49-40-36803-280   and   Udo Hieber  Hieber
Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH  Eiderstra(beta)e 93  24768 Rendsburg 
Federal Republic of Germany  Fax: ++49-4331-458-205   39   (2) The
Purchaser and the Sellers may designate other addressees by sending a  notice
in accordance with this Agreement to the other parties\'  representative,
provided, however, that the Sellers can only designate one  representative
for all Sellers and, provided further, for the avoidance of  doubt, that the
Sellers and the Purchaser may not exchange their Sellers  Representative,
respectively, their process agent as specified in Section  12 para. 1, 2 and
3 without prior written consent of the Purchaser or the  Sellers
Representative, as the case may be, which consent shall not be  unreasonably
withheld.  (3) If this Agreement requires a notice or agreement in writing,
the sending  or exchange of documents by telefacsimile copy shall suffice.
Any other  means of transmission, in particular any electronic mail, do not
suffice.   SECTION 14  MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS  (1) This Agreement
(including the attached Exhibits) constitutes the entire  Agreement and
supersedes all other prior agreements and undertakings both  written and oral
among the parties with respect to the subject matter  hereof. Any changes and
amendments to this Agreement (including this  sentence 2 of this para. 1)
shall be in writing in order to be legally  effective. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the provisions of the  Non-Disclosure Agreement between the
parties hereto dated January 13, 2004  shall apply as if set forth herein in
full length.  (2) Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses
including, without  limitation, its attorneys\' fees. None of the costs
allocable to the  Sellers shall be borne by any of the Companies. The Sellers
shall bear any  and all cost resulting from their or any of the Company\'s
engagement of  any finder, investment bank or similar agent relative to the
purchase of  any or all of the Sellers Shares or to the business of any or
all of the  Companies. If any such cost or fees have been borne by any of
the  Companies, the Sellers shall promptly reimburse the respective
Companies.  Any amounts that have not been reimbursed on or prior to the
Closing shall  entitle the Purchaser to withhold such amounts out of the
respective  Sellers Share in the Aggregate Purchase Price. Any transfer taxes
shall be  borne by the Purchaser.   40   (3) Unless expressly stated
otherwise in this Agreement, the Sellers shall not  be jointly and severally
liable (Gesamtschuldner) for any and all  obligations of the Sellers under or
in connection with this Agreement.  (4) This Agreement shall be governed by
the substantive laws of the Federal  Republic of Germany.  (5) To the
extent legally permissible, the exclusive place of jurisdiction 
(ausschlie(beta)licher Gerichtsstand) for any and all claims arising out  of
or in connection with this Agreement shall be Hamburg, Federal Republic  of
Germany.  (6) If any provision of this Agreement shall be or become invalid
or  unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining
provisions  of this Agreement shall remain unaffected. The invalid or
unenforceable  provision shall be deemed to be replaced by a valid and
enforceable  provision which, to the extent legally permissible, comes as
close as  possible to what the parties intended or would have intended if
they had  been aware of the invalidity or unenforceability. The same shall
apply in  the event that this Agreement contains a gap.  (7) This Agreement
has been executed in an official English language version  and an official
German language version, each in 7 counterparts, all of  which shall be one
and the same instrument, and each of such counterparts  shall have full force
and effect. In case of a dispute on the accuracy of  the translation the
English language version shall prevail.  Rendsburg, June 2, 2004  /s/
David L. Celli Johanna 34 Vermogensverwaltungs GmbH, represented by David L.
Celli   41   /s/ Richard S. Hill Novellus Systems Inc., represented by
Richard S. Hill  /s/ Hans-Joachim Bovensiepen Peter Wolters
Stiftung, represented by Hans-Joachim Bovensiepen  /s/ Swantje
Rehfeldt Eider Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, represented by Swantje
Rehfeldt, born Bovensiepen  /s/ Hans-Joachim Bovensiepen Bovensiepen
Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, represented by Hans-Joachim
Bovensiepen, pursuant to certified power of attorney dated May 26,
2004, copy of which is attached to this Agreement  /s/ Hans-Joachim
Bovensiepen ROMERHOF Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, represented by
Hans-Joachim Bovensiepen, pursuant to power of attorney dated May 26,
2004, copy of which is attached to this Agreement  /s/ Udo Hieber Hieber
Vermogensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, represented by Udo Hieber  
42   LIST OF EXHIBITS  EXHIBIT 1.1: GLOBAL SHARE CERTIFICATES  EXHIBIT
1.2: SELLERS LIST  EXHIBIT 3.1: TRANSFER AGREEMENT  EXHIBIT 4.2: ACCOUNT
OF TAYLOR WESSING AS TRUSTEE FOR SELLERS  EXHIBIT 4.4: ESCROW
AGREEMENT  EXHIBIT 5.2 a): STATUTES AND OTHER CORPORATE DOCUMENTS  EXHIBIT
5.2 b): EXCERPTS FROM THE REGISTERS OR EQUIVALENT DOCUMENTATION  EXHIBIT 5.4
SHARE PLEDGES  EXHIBIT 5.6: ENTERPRISE AGREEMENTS  EXHIBIT 5.8: FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS 2002 AND 2003  EXHIBIT
5.10: FORECAST  EXHIBIT 5.11: LIST OF ALL GUARANTEES ETC.  EXHIBIT 5.12:
LIST OF REAL ESTATE OWNED OR USED BY THE COMPANIES  EXHIBIT 5.13: LIST OF
THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS IN ANY ASSETS OF THE COMPANIES   43   EXHIBIT 5.15 a):
LIST OF JURISDICTIONS FOR PURPOSES OF INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY
RIGHTS  EXHIBIT 5.15 b): INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS BY
THIRD  PARTIES  EXHIBIT 5.15 c): INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS ASSERTED BY  THIRD PARTIES  EXHIBIT 5.15 d): BASIS FOR CLAIMS BY
EMPLOYEES OR FORMER EMPLOYEES  REGARDING INVENTOR COMPENSATION  EXHIBIT
5.15 e): LIST OF EMPLOYEES FOR PURPOSES OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS  EXHIBIT 5.16 a): MATERIAL AGREEMENTS  EXHIBIT 5.16 b): DEFINITIONS
OF MATERIAL AGREEMENTS  EXHIBIT 5.19 a) (i): BONUSES TO THE
MANAGEMENT.  EXHIBIT 5.19 a) (ii): BONUSES AND OTHER PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT
TO THE 200-YEAR  ANNIVERSARY  EXHIBIT 5.19 b): LIST OF ALL EMPLOYEES AND
RELEVANT DATA  EXHIBIT 5.19 c): COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS/WORKERS\'
COUNCIL  AGREEMENTS/MEMBERSHIPS IN EMPLOYER\'S ASSOCIATIONS  EXHIBIT 5.19
d): PENSION PLANS ETC.  EXHIBIT 5.20: LIST OF ALL INSURANCES  EXHIBIT
5.21: LIST OF ALL PUBLIC GRANTS AND OTHER SUBSIDIES   44   EXHIBIT 5.23:
LIST OF ALL PROCEEDINGS  EXHIBIT 5.24: LIST OF ALL BANK ACCOUNTS WITH
SIGNATORIES  EXHIBIT 5.25: LIST OF ALL POWERS OF ATTORNEY  EXHIBIT 7.1 b):
LIST OF PETER WOLTERS AG\'S AND PETER WOLTERS KG\'S TAX  CREDITS AND TAX
LOSSES  EXHIBIT 7.1 c (i)): LIST OF PROCEEDINGS REGARDING TAXES AND OTHER
CHARGES  EXHIBIT 7.1 c (ii): LIST OF TAX AUDITS  EXHIBIT 7.1 c) (iii):
LIST OF RULINGS, AGREEMENTS AND NEGOTIATIONS REGARDING  TAXES AND OTHER
CHARGES   *****  NOVELLUS SYSTEMS, INC. AGREES TO FURNISH SUPPLEMENTALLY A
COPY OF THE ABOVE EXHIBITS, WHICH HAVE BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM
601(b)(2) OF REGULATION S-K UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, TO THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "COMMISSION") UPON REQUEST OF THE
COMMISSION.   45    '

