 AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT   EXHIBIT
10.2   AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT   THIS AMENDMENT dated June 1, 2006
(the "Amendment") to the Purchase Agreement dated as of February 22, 2006
("Agreement"), is made by and between Amcor Limited, a company organized
under the laws of New South Wales ("Amcor Australia"), and Silgan Holdings
Inc., a company organized under the laws of Delaware ("Silgan"). Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such
terms in the Agreement.    RECITALS   WHEREAS, Amcor Australia and Silgan
have entered into the Agreement described above; and   WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto wish to amend
certain provisions of the Agreement as provided herein;   NOW, THEREFORE, it
is agreed;  I. Amendments to the Agreement   A. Clause (ii) of the
definition in Section 1.1 of "Acquired Company  Excluded Liabilities" is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced  with the following:   "(ii)
The liabilities and obligations of Amcor Shanghai, Amcor Turkey,  Amcor
Polska, Amcor Venezuela, Amcor South East Asia and Amcor Asia  Pacific
included in the Closing Indebtedness;"   B. The definition in Section 1.1 of
"Selling Parties\' Knowledge" is  hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced
with the following:   "Selling Parties\' Knowledge" means the knowledge of
Peter Konieczny,  Frank Sollmann, Volker Spiesmacher, Jochen Hundt, Ian
Wilson, Klass  Uphoff (as to all human resources, employee benefits, labor
and other  related matters only), Heather Campbell (as to all environmental
and  other related matters only), Julie MacPherson, Edwin Sena (as to all 
matters relating to Amcor Asia Pacific, Amcor South East Asia, Amcor 
Investments and Amcor Properties, collectively, and the business of  such
Acquired Companies only), Alan Wang (as to all matters relating  to Amcor
Shanghai and the business of Amcor Shanghai only), Donato  Hyppolito (as to
all matters relating to Amcor Brazil and the business  of Amcor Brazil only),
Francisco Buchart (as to all matters relating  to Amcor Venezuela and the
business of Amcor Venezuela only),  Francisco Zitarosa (as to all matters
relating to Amcor Italy (and  Newco Italy upon the occurrence of the Newco
Italy Contribution) and  the business of Amcor Italy and Newco Italy only),
Marek Rajca (as to  all matters relating to Amcor Polska and the business of
Amcor Polska  only), Abubekir Yueksel (as to all matters relating to Amcor
Turkey  and the business of Amcor Turkey as of February 22, 2006) and
Yuksel  Vural (as to all matters relating to Amcor Turkey and the business
of  Amcor Turkey as of the date hereof and as of the date of the closing  of
the purchase and sale of the Purchased Equity of Amcor Turkey),  without
independent investigation.     For purposes of Section 4.27 hereof,
Selling Parties\' Knowledge shall  only include the knowledge of Peter
Konieczny, Frank Sollmann, Volker  Spiesmacher and Jochen Hundt."   C. The
definition in Section 1.1 for "Specified Approval" shall be  deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following:   "Specified Approvals" means (i)
in respect of Amcor Shanghai, all  Consents of Governmental Entities required
for the sale of the  Purchased Equity of Amcor Shanghai to the applicable
Purchaser; (ii)  in respect of Amcor Brazil, the final, non-appealable
judgment of the  Brazilian Courts in favor of Amcor Brazil in respect of that
certain  legal proceeding bearing docket number 671/00 in the 4th Civil
Court  of Sao Bernardo, Brazil, involving Remaprint Embalagens Ltda, Amcor 
Brazil and Mr. Alfredo Luiz Kugelmas (as the trustee in charge of  Remaprint
Embalagens Ltda. bankrupt estate) and any other bankruptcy  proceeding
involving directly or indirectly Amcor Brazil as a debtor,  as confirmed by
an opinion of Amcor Brazil\'s legal counsel in Brazil  in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Silgan; (iii) in  respect of Amcor Venezuela, (a)
written waivers or the non-exercise  within the applicable time period of any
rights of first refusal of  shareholders or other holders of any equity
interest (other than Amcor  Australia or any of its Affiliates) in Amcor
Venezuela, confirmed by a  certificate of an officer of Amcor Australia that
the applicable  waivers were received or the applicable time periods have
expired,  together with the originals of such waivers, if any, all in form
and  substance reasonably satisfactory to Silgan and (b) all Book Cash 
Balances of Amcor Venezuela as of the close of business, local time  for
Amcor Venezuela, on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date 
("Venezuela Book Cash Balances") in excess of US $209,000 shall have  been
distributed out of such company; provided such distributions or  payments are
net of any Taxes payable by Amcor Venezuela with respect  thereto, it being
understood that the applicable Purchaser shall  cooperate in effecting such
distributions; and (iv) in respect of  Amcor Asia Pacific, Amcor South East
Asia, Amcor Investments and Amcor  Properties, collectively, an amendment to
the Supply Agreement, dated  April 6, 2001, among Cerebos Pacific Limited
("Cerebos"), Amcor  Deutschland and Amcor South East Asia, as amended (the
"Cerebos  Agreement"), containing the terms and conditions set forth on Annex
B.  Solely for purposes of determining whether the closing of the purchase 
and sale of a Specified Interest must occur under this Agreement and  not for
the purposes of determining any damages to which any Party may  be entitled
pursuant hereto, if Amcor Australia disputes any  determination by Silgan as
to whether a Specified Approval shall have  been obtained and the matter is
adjudicated in accordance with Section  11.9 hereof, the issue upon
adjudication for such purposes shall be  whether such Specified Approval was
in fact obtained and not whether  Silgan acted reasonably in determining
whether such Specified Approval  was obtained.   D. The definition in
Section 1.1 for "Specified Time Period" shall be  deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following:    2     ""Specified Time Period" means
with respect to Amcor Brazil two (2)  years after the Closing Date, with
respect to Amcor Shanghai nine (9)  months after the Closing Date and with
respect to each of the other  Specified Interests six (6) months after the
Closing Date."   E. Sections 2.4(b) and (c) are hereby deleted in their
entirety and  replaced with the following:   "(b) the excess of the
aggregate amount of Indebtedness of Amcor  Shanghai, Amcor Turkey, Amcor
Polska, Amcor Venezuela, Amcor South  East Asia and Amcor Asia Pacific
(whether owed to third parties or, in  the case of Amcor Polska and Amcor
Shanghai only, to the Selling  Parties or their Affiliates (other than
another Acquired Company))  over the aggregate amount of Indebtedness owed to
the Acquired  Companies by third parties (other than the Selling Parties or
their  Affiliates, including the Acquired Companies) in each case, existing 
as of the close of business, local time for the Subject Companies, on  the
day immediately prior to the Closing Date (collectively the  "Closing
Indebtedness"), it being acknowledged that if the Closing  Indebtedness is a
negative number, it shall be added to the amount set  forth in Section
2.4(a), plus   (c) the amount (if any) of the Book Cash Balances (excluding
the  Venezuela Book Cash Balances in excess of US $209,000 existing as of 
the close of business, local time for such Acquired Company, net of  any
overdrafts in respect of bank accounts of such Acquired Company,  all on the
day immediately prior to the Closing Date) existing as of  the close of
business, local time for each Acquired Company, net of  any overdrafts in
respect of bank accounts of such Acquired Company,  all on the day
immediately prior to the Closing Date (the "Closing  Date Book Cash
Balances") up to EUR 11.5 million in excess of petty  cash in the aggregate;
provided that to the extent such amount exceeds  EUR 1.5 million in the
aggregate, only one-half of such excess  amount shall constitute Closing Date
Book Cash Balances for the  purposes of the Purchase Price notwithstanding
that all Acquired  Companies shall retain all Book Cash Balances after the
Closing;  provided, further that the Book Cash Balances in excess of EUR
1.5  million reside in the Acquired Companies reasonably acceptable to 
Silgan in good faith, it being understood that no Acquired Company  shall
have overdrafts in respect of bank accounts of such Acquired  Company
aggregating in excess of the Book Cash Balances of such  Acquired Company (it
being understood that, US $209,000 of the  Venezuela Book Cash Balances shall
not be included in determining  whether the amount of Closing Date Book Cash
Balances exceeds  EUR 1.5 million and Silgan shall pay Amcor Australia dollar
for  dollar for such amount), minus"   F. The first sentence in Section 2.6
shall be deleted in its entirety and  replaced with the following:   "An
allocation of the Purchase Price shall be as set forth on Schedule 
2.6."     3    G. Section 6.10(b) is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with  the following:   "(b) The Parties further agree and
acknowledge that any intercompany  Indebtedness for borrowed money between an
Acquired Company (on the  one hand) and a Selling Party or an Affiliate of a
Selling Party,  including an Acquired Company (on the other hand) shall be
paid in  full prior to Closing; provided that intercompany Indebtedness for 
borrowed money owed by Amcor Polska to Amcor UK Finance Limited or  Amcor
Shanghai to Amcor Australia shall remain outstanding and shall  be repaid at
or immediately following the Closing for such Acquired  Company; provided,
however, that to the extent necessary the amount of  such intercompany
Indebtedness estimated at Closing for the purposes  of determining the amount
of Closing Indebtedness will be reconciled  with the actual amount of such
intercompany Indebtedness as finally  determined by the Parties after Closing
pursuant to Section 2.5 and  any outstanding balances shall be promptly
settled as therein set  forth."   H. Section 6.18 is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the  following:   "Section 6.18 Third-Party
Indebtedness; Releases.   (a) The Selling Parties agree and acknowledge that
any third-party  Indebtedness for borrowed money between an Acquired Company
(other  than Amcor Shanghai, Amcor Turkey, Amcor Polska, Amcor Venezuela, 
Amcor South East Asia and Amcor Asia Pacific) and a third party shall  be
paid in full prior to Closing.   (b) Within thirty (30) days after the
Closing Date, in respect of the  Indebtedness of Amcor Shanghai, Amcor
Turkey, Amcor South East Asia  and Amcor Asia Pacific outstanding as of the
Closing Date, the  respective Acquired Company shall either (i) repay all
amounts due  under such Indebtedness or (ii) in respect of Indebtedness not
repaid,  deliver to Amcor Australia a release and discharge from the lender,
in  form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Amcor Australia, in 
respect of such Indebtedness. The third-party Indebtedness of Amcor  Polska
shall be paid in full by Amcor UK Finance Ltd. as paying agent  for Amcor
Polska using cash that had been distributed to Amcor UK  Finance Ltd. by
Amcor Polska prior to the date hereof.   (c) In respect of the guarantees to
third parties set forth on  Schedule 6.18, Silgan shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to  deliver to Amcor Australia releases under such
guarantees."   I. Section 6.28 shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced
with the  following:   "Section 6.28 Venezuela. As soon as practicable, the
Selling Parties  shall dispose of all asbestos-containing materials stored
during the  period Amcor Venezuela is owned by the applicable Selling Party
on the  grounds of the Amcor Venezuela manufacturing plant located in
Valencua  - Edo. Carabobo, Venezuela in compliance with all applicable Laws
and  reasonably satisfactory to Silgan. Silgan shall reasonably cooperate 
with the Selling Parties in connection therewith, including by taking 
all    4     reasonable steps to ensure that storage and containment
procedures  implemented by the Selling Parties are not disturbed or tampered
with  and by giving the Selling Parties reasonable access to the asbestos 
containing material to check and maintain the storage and containment 
thereof and to effect the disposal of the asbestos containing  materials. As
soon as practicable, the Selling Parties shall use their  commercially
reasonable efforts to cause all Venezuela Book Cash  Balances in excess of US
$209,000 to be distributed out of such  company; provided such distributions
or payments are net of any Taxes  payable by Amcor Venezuela with respect
thereto."   J. Pursuant to Section 11.1(b) of the Purchase Agreement, the
Parties  agree that the sale of the Capital Stock of Amcor Turkey shall be 
treated as a Specified Interest. The Holdback Amount for Amcor Turkey  shall
be EUR 15,000,000 and the Specified Interest Target Working  Capital Amount
shall be EUR 5,200,000.   K. Section 3.4(e) is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the  following:   "(e) Amcor Australia shall be
obligated to separate the Philippines  metal closures and Philippines
Bandguard business and to sell the  Philippines metal closures business to
Silgan or any of its Affiliates  for EUR 8,532,000 within three (3) months
after the Closing Date on  the terms and conditions for the sale of other
Acquired Companies  under the Purchase Agreement, including a transition
services  agreement for six (6) months for the Bandguard business
(consistent  with the Transition Services Agreement) for services provided by
the  Philippines metal business to the Bandguard business. Additionally, 
Silgan shall and shall cause its subsidiaries to reasonably assist, at  no
cost to Silgan or such subsidiaries, the Bandguard business to  mitigate
additional costs that the Bandguard business may incur as a  result of such
separation. In connection with the foregoing terms of  this paragraph, the
Parties agree to enter into an amendment to this  Agreement as necessary to
effectuate the foregoing. In addition, the  parties will continue to work
together to try to obtain the Specified  Approval with respect to the
Bandguard business."   L. Each of Schedules (A), 2.2(a)(ix), 3.2(c), 3.2(k),
4.1(A), 4.5(a),  4.10, 4.11(a), 4.12(a), 4.12(d), 4.15, 4.18, 4.19(a),
4.19(b), 4.20,  4.21, 4.28 and 6.18 to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety  and replaced with the corresponding Schedule attached hereto.  
M. Amcor Australia shall have caused each of the Selling Parties to  deliver
to Silgan duly executed counter-parts to this Amendment.  II. Miscellaneous
Provisions   A. Interpretation.  To the extent that any term or provision
of the Agreement is inconsistent with the terms or provisions of this
Amendment, the terms and conditions of this Amendment shall prevail and the
Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. Except as expressly set forth
herein, the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall continue in full
force and effect.      5   B. Counterparts.  This Amendment may be
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which (whether with an
original or faxed signature) shall be considered one and the same
agreement.  C. Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed
interpreted, enforced and governed by and under the Laws of New York without
regard to its choice of law rules.   [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]    
6    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to
be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the
day and year first written above.    AMCOR LIMITED    By: /s/ Roger
Foenander  -------------------------------------  Name: Roger Foenander 
Title: Authorized Attorney     SILGAN HOLDINGS INC.    By: /s/ Frank W.
Hogan, III  -------------------------------------  Name: Frank W. Hogan,
III  Title: Senior Vice President, General  Counsel and
Secretary         7    '

