 EXHIBIT 2.1    EXHIBIT 2.1   AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER   Dated as of December 16, 2002   by and among  
TECHTRONIC INDUSTRIES CO. LTD.,   RAMC HOLDINGS, INC.,   TIC ACQUISITION
CORP.,   and   ROYAL APPLIANCE MFG. CO.   TABLE OF CONTENTS    
PAGE  ~~  ARTICLE I THE
MERGER.............................................................................................
2  SECTION 1.1 The
Merger..................................................................................
2  SECTION 1.2
Closing.....................................................................................
2  SECTION 1.3 Effective
Time..............................................................................
2  SECTION 1.4 Effects of the
Merger.......................................................................
2  SECTION 1.5 Articles of Incorporation and Code of
Regulations........................................... 3  SECTION 1.6
Directors and Officers of the Surviving
Corporation......................................... 3  ARTICLE II
CANCELLATION AND CONVERSION OF SHARES;
CONSIDERATION.................................................. 3  SECTION
2.1 Effect on Capital
Stock..................................................................... 3 
SECTION 2.2 Company Stock Option
Plans.................................................................. 3 
SECTION 2.3 Exchange of
Certificates;...................................................................
4  SECTION 2.4 Certain
Adjustments.........................................................................
6  SECTION 2.5 Dissenters\'
Rights..........................................................................
6  SECTION 2.6 Further
Assurances..........................................................................
7  ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES.......................................................................
7  SECTION 3.1 Representations and Warranties of the
Company............................................... 7  SECTION 3.2
Representations and Warranties of Acquiror, Parent and Merger
Sub........................... 24  ARTICLE IV PRE-CLOSING
COVENANTS.................................................................................
25  SECTION 4.1 Conduct of
Business.........................................................................
25  SECTION 4.2 Other
Actions...............................................................................
28  SECTION 4.3 Advice of
Changes...........................................................................
28  SECTION 4.4 No Solicitation by the
Company.............................................................. 28 
SECTION 4.5 Continued Availability of Funds; Evidence of
Funds.......................................... 29  ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS..................................................................................
30  SECTION 5.1 Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Shareholders
Meeting.................................... 30  SECTION 5.2 Access to
Information;
Confidentiality...................................................... 31 
SECTION 5.3 Commercially Reasonable Efforts;
Cooperation................................................ 31  SECTION 5.4
Director, Officer and Employee
Indemnification.............................................. 32  SECTION 5.5
Public
Announcements........................................................................
34  SECTION 5.6 2002 Year-End
Benefits......................................................................
34  SECTION 5.7
Delisting...................................................................................
34  ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT..................................................................................
34  SECTION 6.1 Conditions To Each Party\'s Obligation To Effect The
Merger.................................. 34  SECTION 6.2 Conditions to
Obligations of Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub................................
35  SECTION 6.3 Conditions to Obligations of the
Company.................................................... 35  SECTION 6.4
Frustration of Closing
Conditions...........................................................
36  ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND
WAIVER....................................................................
36  SECTION 7.1
Termination.................................................................................
36    ii    ~~   SECTION 7.2 Effect of
Termination.......................................................................
38  SECTION 7.3 Fees and
Expenses...........................................................................
39  ARTICLE VIII GENERAL
PROVISIONS..................................................................................
39  SECTION 8.1 Survival of Representations and
Warranties.................................................. 39  SECTION 8.2
Notices.....................................................................................
39  SECTION 8.3
Counterparts................................................................................
40  SECTION 8.4 Specific
Performance........................................................................
40  SECTION 8.5 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries.............................................. 40  SECTION 8.6
Governing
Law...............................................................................
41  SECTION 8.7
Assignment..................................................................................
41  SECTION 8.8 Consent to
Jurisdiction.....................................................................
41  SECTION 8.9
Interpretation..............................................................................
41  SECTION 8.10
Headings...................................................................................
41  SECTION 8.11
Severability...............................................................................
41  SECTION 8.12
Amendment..................................................................................
42  SECTION 8.13 Extension;
Waiver..........................................................................
42  SECTION 8.14
Schedules..................................................................................
42   Appendix A - Definitions  Exhibit 1 - Voting Agreement  Exhibit 2
- Form of Company Closing Certificate  Exhibit 3 - Form of Parent Closing
Certificate   iii   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of December 16, 2002, among ROYAL
APPLIANCE MFG. CO., an Ohio corporation (the "Company"), TechTronic
Industries Co., Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of Hong Kong
("Parent"), RAMC HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Acquiror"), and TIC
ACQUISITION CORP., an Ohio corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Acquiror ("Merger Sub").   RECITALS   A. The respective Boards of
Directors of the Company, Acquiror, Parent, and Merger Sub have approved the
merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger"), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby each
issued and outstanding common share, without par value, of the Company
("Company Common Stock"), other than (i) Dissenting Shares, (ii) any shares
owned by any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company and any Company
Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company, or (iii) owned by Acquiror
or an Affiliate of Acquiror will be converted into the right to receive the
Merger Consideration;   B. The respective Boards of Directors of the
Company, Acquiror, Parent, and Merger Sub have each determined that the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are consistent with,
and in furtherance of, their respective business strategies and goals;   C.
The Company, Acquiror, Parent, and Merger Sub desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection
with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger;  
D. The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to recommend the Merger
to the holders of the Company Common Stock, has determined that
the consideration to be paid for each share of Company Common Stock in the
Merger is fair to the holders of such Company Common Stock, and has resolved
to recommend that the holders of such Company Common Stock accept the Merger
Consideration and approve this Agreement and each of the transactions
contemplated hereby upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein;   E. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
as a condition and inducement to Acquiror\'s, Parent\'s and Merger Sub\'s
willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain shareholders of the Company
(the "Major Shareholders") have entered into Voting Agreements, dated as of
the date of this Agreement, in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT 1 (the
"Voting Agreements") pursuant to which each such Major Shareholder has, among
other things, agreed to vote the Company Common Stock held by such Major
Shareholder for the Merger;   F. The Board of Directors of Parent has
resolved to recommend the Merger to the holders of shares of Parent Common
Stock and the executive members of the Board of Directors of Parent have
expressed their respective intentions to vote their shares of Parent Common
Stock in favor of the Merger; and   G. Currently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, as a condition and inducement to Acquiror\'s,
Merger Sub\'s and Parent\'s willingness to enter into this Agreement, the
Company has entered into new employment agreements with each of the
individuals listed on Section 6.3(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
which agreements are effective as of the Effective Time and which terminate
each of those individuals\' current employment and severance agreements. In
exchange for the individuals\' agreement to terminate their existing
agreements and enter into the new agreements, such individuals will receive
at the Effective Time, in the aggregate, $2.4 million.   Accordingly, for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree
as follows. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings referred to
or set forth in Appendix A hereto.   ARTICLE I  THE MERGER   SECTION 1.1
The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, and in accordance with the Ohio Statutes, Merger Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time and the
separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall thereupon cease. Following
the Effective Time, the Company shall be the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation").   SECTION 1.2 Closing. The closing of the Merger
(the "Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by
the parties, which shall be no later than the second business day after
satisfaction or waiver (subject to applicable law) of the conditions
(excluding conditions that, by their terms, cannot be satisfied until the
Closing Date) set forth in ARTICLE VI, unless another time or date is agreed
to by the parties hereto. The Closing will be held at the offices of Kahn
Kleinman, a legal professional association, 2600 Erieview Tower, 1301 East
Ninth Street, Cleveland, Ohio 44114, or such other location as the parties
hereto shall agree to in writing. The date on which the Closing occurs is
hereinafter referred to as the "Closing Date."   SECTION 1.3 Effective Time.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as practicable or prior
to the Closing Date, the parties shall (i) file a Certificate of Merger (the
"Certificate of Merger") in such form as is required by and executed in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Ohio Statutes and (ii) make
all other filings or recordings required under the Ohio Statutes. The Merger
shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio, or at such later date
or time as the Company and Acquiror shall agree and specify in the
Certificate of Merger (the date and time the Merger becomes effective
being the "Effective Time").   SECTION 1.4 Effects of the Merger. The
Merger shall have the effects set forth in the Ohio Statutes. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of
the Company and Merger Sub shall be vested in the Surviving Corporation, and
all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall become
the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   2  
SECTION 1.5 Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations. Subject
to Section 5.4, the articles of incorporation and code of regulations of
Merger Sub shall be the articles of incorporation and code of regulations,
respectively, of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law; provided, however, that the
name of the Surviving Corporation shall be "Royal Appliance Mfg. Co."  
SECTION 1.6 Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation.
The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the directors of the Surviving Corporation and the officers of the
Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation, in each case, until the earlier of their death,
resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected
and qualified, as the case may be.   ARTICLE II  CANCELLATION AND
CONVERSION OF SHARES; CONSIDERATION   SECTION 2.1 Effect on Capital Stock.
As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the holder of any shares of capital stock of the Company or
Merger Sub:   (a) Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Company-Owned Stock.
Each share of Company Common Stock that is (i) owned by any direct or
indirect subsidiary of the Company, (ii) owned by Acquiror or an Affiliate of
Acquiror, or (iii) held in the treasury of the Company shall automatically be
canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
delivered in exchange therefor.   (b) Conversion of Company Common Stock.
Subject to SECTION 2.5 (Dissenters\' Rights), each issued and outstanding
share of Company Common Stock shall be converted into the right to receive
$7.37 in cash (the "Merger Consideration").   (c) Capital Stock of Merger
Sub. At the Effective Time, each share of common stock, no par value, of
Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be converted into one share of common stock of the Surviving
Corporation.   (d) Cancellation and Retirement of Company Common Stock. As
of the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock (other than shares
to be canceled in accordance with SECTION 2.1(A) and Dissenting Shares) shall
no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and
shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such
shares of Company Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with respect
thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration, without
interest, upon surrender of such certificate in accordance with SECTION
2.3.   SECTION 2.2 Company Stock Option Plans. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "Option" means each unexercised option, warrant, phantom
stock award or other security (including, without limitation, any "Company
Stock Option," as hereafter defined). The Company shall take all actions
necessary to ensure that, as of the Effective Time, each outstanding Company
Stock Option, vested or unvested, exercisable or non-exercisable, shall be
extinguished and converted into the right to receive a cash amount equal to
the product of (x) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration minus the
exercise price, if any, of each such   3  Company Stock Option (the
"Option Shares Merger Consideration"), multiplied by (y) the aggregate number
of shares of the Company Common Stock issuable upon the exercise in full of
such Option at the Effective Time. The Company Stock Option Plans shall
terminate as of the Effective Time and the provisions in any other plan,
program or arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any
other interest in respect of the capital stock of the Company or any
Subsidiary shall be terminated as of the Effective Time. In addition, the
Company shall take all action necessary to ensure that following the
Effective Time no participant in the Company Stock Option Plans or other
plans, programs or arrangements shall have any right thereunder to acquire or
participate in changes in value of equity securities of the Company, the
Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries and
to terminate all such plans effective as of the Effective Time.   SECTION
2.3 Exchange of Certificates; (a) Exchange Agent.   (a) The Parties agree
that National City Bank, or such other bank or trust company which the
Parties may designate, shall act as agent (the "Exchange Agent") of Acquiror
for purposes of, among other things, mailing and receiving transmittal
letters and distributing to the Company shareholders (or holders of Company
Stock Options) the proceeds payable to such holders under SECTION
2.1(B) (Conversion of Company Common Stock) or SECTION 2.2 (Company Stock
Option Plans) above. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, Merger Sub (or
the Company, as the Surviving Corporation) shall deposit, or shall cause to
be deposited, with or for the account of the Exchange Agent, for the benefit
of the holders of Certificates (as defined herein) cash in an aggregate
amount (the "Exchange Fund") equal to the sum of (x) the product of (A) the
Merger Consideration multiplied by (B) the number of shares of Company Common
Stock issued and outstanding at the Effective Time plus (y) the Option Shares
Merger Consideration for all outstanding Options as of the Effective
Time.   (b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after
the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall mail or deliver to each holder
of record of a certificate or certificates or Options grant which immediately
prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock or Options (the "Certificates") whose shares or options were converted
into the right to receive the Merger Consideration or Option Shares Merger
Consideration pursuant to SECTION 2.1(B) (Conversion of Company Common Stock)
or SECTION 2.2 (Company Stock Option Plans), as applicable, (i) a letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have such
other provisions as the Company and Acquiror may reasonably specify) and (ii)
instructions for use in surrendering the Certificates in exchange for the
Merger Consideration or Option Shares Merger Consideration, as applicable.
Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent,
together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and such other
documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of
such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a check
representing the amount of cash such holder has the right to receive pursuant
to the provisions of this ARTICLE II, and the Certificate so surrendered
shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of
Company Common Stock which is not registered in the transfer records of the
Company, a certificate representing the proper number of shares of Company
Common Stock may be issued to a Person other than the Person in whose name
the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such   4  Certificate is
properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form for transfer and the Person
requesting such issuance pays any transfer or other taxes required by reason
of the payment of the Merger Consideration or Option Shares
Merger Consideration, as applicable, to a Person other than the registered
holder of such Certificate or establishes to the satisfaction of Acquiror
that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this SECTION 2.3, each Certificate shall be deemed at any
time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon
such surrender the Merger Consideration or Option Shares Merger
Consideration, as applicable, that the holder thereof has the right to
receive in respect of such Certificate pursuant to the provisions of this
ARTICLE II. No interest shall be paid or will accrue on any cash payable to
holders of Certificates pursuant to the provisions of this ARTICLE II.  
(c) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. The
Merger Consideration or Option Shares Merger Consideration, as applicable,
shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights
pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock, theretofore represented by
such Certificates, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on
the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of
Company Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to
the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent for any reason, they shall be
canceled and exchanged as provided in this ARTICLE II, except as otherwise
provided by law.   (d) Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the
Exchange Fund which remains undistributed (including interest thereon) to the
holders of the Certificates for six months after the Effective Time shall to
the extent permitted by law, become the property of the Surviving
Corporation. Any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore
complied with this ARTICLE II shall thereafter look only to the Surviving
Corporation, and only as a general creditor, for payment of their claim for
Merger Consideration or Option Shares Merger Consideration, as applicable,
and without interest. If any certificates representing any Company Common
Stock shall not have been surrendered prior to five years after the Effective
Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any payment in
respect thereof would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any
Governmental Entity), the payment in respect of such certificates shall, to
the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving
Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interest of any person
previously entitled thereto.   (e) No Liability. None of the Parties shall
be liable to any Person in respect of any Merger Consideration from the
Exchange Fund, delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar law.   (f) Investment of Exchange
Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest the Exchange Fund, as directed by the
Surviving Corporation, in (i) direct obligations of the United States of
America, (ii) obligations for which the full faith and credit of the United
States of America is pledged to provide for the payment of principal and
interest, (iii) commercial paper rated the highest quality by either Moody\'s
Investors Services, Inc. or Standard and Poor\'s Corporation, or (iv)
certificates of deposit, bank repurchase agreements or bankers acceptances,
of commercial banks with capital exceeding $500 million, and any net earnings
with respect thereto shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation as and when
requested by the Surviving Corporation; provided, that any such investment or
any such payment of earnings shall not delay the receipt   5  by holders
of Certificates of the Merger Consideration or Option Shares
Merger Consideration, as the case may be, or otherwise impair such holders\'
respective rights hereunder.   (g) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon (i) the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed, (ii) evidence that such Person is the beneficial owner
of the Certificate claimed by such Person to be lost, stolen or destroyed,
and (iii) if required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such
Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with
respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for
such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration or Option
Shares Merger Consideration, as applicable.   (h) Withholding Rights. The
Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of
Company Common Stock or Company Stock Options such amounts (each
a "Withholding Amount") as the Exchange Agent, Surviving Corporation, or
Acquiror is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of
such payment under the Code (as hereinafter defined), or any provision of
state, local or foreign tax law, including, without limitation, withholdings
required in connection with payments with respect to Company Stock Options
held by employees of the Company. To the extent that amounts are so withheld
by the Exchange Agent, Surviving Corporation, or Acquiror, such withheld
amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been
paid to the holder in respect of which such deduction and withholding was
made.   SECTION 2.4 Certain Adjustments. If after the date hereof and on or
prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
shall be changed into a different number of shares by reason of any
reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination or exchange of
shares, or any dividend payable in stock or other securities shall be
declared thereon with a record date within such period, or any similar event
shall occur (any such action, an "Adjustment Event"), the Merger
Consideration shall be adjusted accordingly to provide to the holders of
Company Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this
Agreement prior to such reclassification, recapitalization, split-up,
combination, exchange or dividend or similar event.   SECTION 2.5
Dissenters\' Rights.(a)   (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, any shares of Company Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by persons who shall have
properly demanded payment of the fair cash value of such shares of Company
Common Stock in accordance with Section 1701.85 of the Ohio Statutes
(collectively, the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into or
represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in
SECTION 2.1(B). Such persons shall be entitled only to such rights as are
granted under Section 1701.85 of the Ohio Statutes, except that
all Dissenting Shares held by persons who fail to perfect or who
effectively withdraw or lose their rights as dissenting shareholders in
respect of such shares under 1701.85 of the Ohio Statutes shall thereupon be
deemed to have been converted into, as of the Effective Time, the right to
receive the applicable   6  portion of the Merger Consideration, without
interest thereon, upon surrender of the certificate therefor in the manner
provided in SECTION 2.3.   (b) The Surviving Corporation or the Company
shall give Acquiror (i) prompt notice of any demands by dissenting
shareholders received by the Company or the Surviving Corporation,
withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments served on the Company
or the Surviving Corporation and any material correspondence received by the
Surviving Corporation or the Company in connection with such demands and (ii)
the opportunity to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to such demands. The Surviving Corporation shall not, except with the
prior written consent of Acquiror, make any payment with respect to any
demands for appraisal or offer to settle or settle any such demands. Any
funds paid to dissenting shareholders shall be paid out of the Exchange Fund
to the extent such payment is equal to or less than the Merger Consideration
and, if greater, the excess shall be paid out of the assets of the Surviving
Corporation.   SECTION 2.6 Further Assurances. At and after the Effective
Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation will be
authorized, to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Company
or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and (ii)
to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Sub, any
other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record in the
Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under
any of the rights, properties or assets acquired or to be acquired by the
Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger.  
ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   SECTION 3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule
delivered by the Company to Acquiror simultaneously with the execution of
this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company hereby
represents and warrants to Acquiror, Parent, and Merger Sub as follows:  
(a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. The Company is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Ohio and it has the requisite corporate power and authority to carry
on its business as now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified
or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or operation of
its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for
those jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be
in good standing individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to Acquiror prior to the
execution of this Agreement complete and correct copies of its charter
documents, each as amended to date.   (b) Subsidiaries. SECTION 3.1(B) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a list of all the Subsidiaries of
the Company. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.1(B) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company does not own any stock of, or equity participation in,
any Person. Each of the Company\'s Subsidiaries is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is organized and it has the requisite corporate
power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each
such Subsidiary is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction   7  in which the nature of its business or
the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, except for those jurisdictions where
the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be in good standing
individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company has made available to Acquiror prior to the execution of this
Agreement complete and correct copies of its Subsidiaries\'
charter documents, each as amended to date. All the outstanding shares of
capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each Subsidiary (i) have been
validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, (ii) are owned directly
or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of all pledges, claims, liens,
taxes, charges, community property interests, conditions, equitable
interests, liens, options, rights of first refusal, encumbrances and security
interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, "Liens") and (iii)
are free of any other restriction (including any restriction on the right to
vote, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other
ownership interests), except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) for any
Liens or restrictions that arise under federal or state securities laws or
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
There are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, calls,
subscriptions, rights or other agreements evidencing the right to purchase or
subscribe for any shares of capital stock of a Subsidiary or obligating such
Subsidiary to issue additional shares.   (c) Capital Structure. The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 101,000,000 shares of
Company Common Stock and (ii) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock ("Company
Preferred Stock"). At the close of business on December 13, 2002 (the "Stock
Reference Date"): (i) 12,816,452 shares of Company Common Stock were issued
and outstanding; (ii) 13,102,800 shares of Company Common Stock were held by
the Company in its treasury; and (iii) 2,758,540 shares of Company Common
Stock were subject to outstanding employee, consultants and directors stock
options to purchase Company Common Stock or rights to receive Company Common
Stock upon exercise of phantom stock awards (collectively, the "Company Stock
Options") granted pursuant to the Company\'s incentive plans (collectively,
the "Company Stock Plans"). On the Stock Reference Date, no shares of the
Company Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding. All outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company are, and all shares which may be issued will be,
when issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and not subject to preemptive rights. Except (i) for changes since the Stock
Reference Date resulting from the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock
pursuant to the Company Stock Options and (ii) for outstanding rights issued
pursuant to the Company Rights Agreement as defined herein, there are not
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (A) shares of capital stock or
other voting securities of the Company, (B) securities of the Company
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock
or voting securities of the Company or (C) warrants, calls, options or other
rights to acquire from the Company or any Subsidiary any capital stock or
voting securities of the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding
obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any such securities. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is a party to any voting agreement with respect to the voting of any such
securities. Except as shown in SECTION 3.1(C) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding (A) securities of the Company
or any Subsidiary convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares
of capital stock or other voting securities or ownership interests in any
Subsidiary, (B) warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire from the
Company or any Subsidiary, and no obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary
to issue, any capital stock, voting securities or other ownership interests
in, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for  
8  any capital stock, voting securities or ownership interests in, any
Subsidiary or (C) obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any such outstanding securities of Subsidiaries
or to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any
such securities.   (d) Authority; No Conflict. The Company has all requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to
the Company Shareholder Approval (as defined in SECTION 3.1(S)), to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, subject to the Company
Shareholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
the Company and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
Acquiror, Parent, and Merger Sub, constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating
to or affecting the rights of creditors and to general principles of equity.
Except as shown on SECTION 3.1(D) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any
violation of, or default (with or without notice or passage of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
of any obligation or loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of
any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries under (i) the articles of incorporation or code of regulations
of the Company or the comparable organizational documents of any of its
Subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit,
concession, franchise, license or similar authorization applicable to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets
or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in
SECTION 3.1(E) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their
respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), any such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights, losses or Liens that
individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (e) Consents. No Consent or approval of any Third Party is
required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by
the Company or the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except the Company Shareholder Approval. No consent,
approval, order or authorization of, action by or in respect of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, any federal, state, local,
municipal or foreign government, any court, administrative, regulatory or
other governmental agency, commission or authority or any non-governmental
U.S. or foreign self-regulatory agency, commission or authority or any
arbitral tribunal (each, a "Governmental Entity") or other Legal Requirement
is required by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for: (1) the
filing with the SEC of (A) a proxy statement relating to the Company
Shareholders Meeting (the "Proxy Statement"), and (B) such reports
under Sections 13(a), 13(d), 13(e), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as
may be required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby; (2) the filing of the   9  Certificate of Merger
with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio; (3) the filing of a pre-
merger notification and report form by the Company under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended ("HSR Act"); (4) such
filings, consents, approvals, orders or authorizations, if any, required to
be made or obtained pursuant to the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction
relating to antitrust matters or competition ("Foreign Antitrust Laws"); and
(5) such consents, approvals, orders or authorizations the failure of which
to be made or obtained individually or in the aggregate would not (x) have a
Material Adverse Effect or (y) reasonably be expected to materially impair or
delay the ability of Company to perform its obligations under
this Agreement.   (f) Reports; Undisclosed Liabilities.   (i) The Company
has filed all required reports, schedules, forms,  statements and other
documents (including exhibits and all other  information incorporated
therein) with the SEC since January 1, 2001 (the  "Company SEC Documents").
As of their respective dates, the Company SEC  Documents complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the  Securities Act, or the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules  and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to such  Company SEC Documents, and none of
the Company SEC Documents when filed,  declared effective or mailed (as the
case may be) contained any untrue  statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required  to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not  misleading. The financial statements of the Company
(including the  related schedules and notes thereto) included in the Company
SEC  Documents (or incorporated therein by reference) comply as to form, as
of  their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material respects 
with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and 
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in 
accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as 
permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during  the
periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto)  and
fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial  position
of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates  thereof and
the consolidated statement of operations, cash flows and  shareholders\'
equity for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of  unaudited
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).   (ii) As of September
30, 2002, the Company has no Indebtedness or  other liabilities, except for
liabilities, including Indebtedness: (a)  reflected or reserved for on the
Balance Sheet as of such date or  disclosed in the notes thereto (or in the
notes of the Company\'s audited  financial statements as of December 31, 2001
if GAAP does not require  such notes in interim financial statements), (b)
relating to performance  obligations, under Contracts in accordance with the
terms and conditions  thereof which are not required by GAAP to be reflected
on such Balance  Sheet, (c) arising since September 30, 2002, which are both:
(x)  consistent with the past practices of the Company and is taken in the 
ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations of the Company; and  (y)
similar in nature and magnitude to liabilities customarily incurred,  without
specific authorization of the Board of Directors, in the ordinary  course of
the normal day-to-day operations of other Persons that are in  the same line
of business as the   10   Company (in the "Ordinary Course of Business"),
or (d) which, individually  or in the aggregate, would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.   (g) Company Proxy Materials. All of the information
supplied by the Company for inclusion in the Definitive Proxy Statement
referred to in SECTION 5.1(A) will not, on the date when the Definitive Proxy
Statement is first mailed to the Company\'s shareholders and the Definitive
Proxy Statement, as then amended or supplemented, will not, on the date of
the Company Shareholders Meeting referred to in SECTION 5.1(B) hereof or on
the Closing Date, contain any statement which is false or misleading with
respect to any material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
Company makes no representation or warranty regarding information furnished
by Acquiror, Parent, or Merger Sub for inclusion in the Definitive Proxy
Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The Definitive Proxy
Statement will comply as to form and, with respect to information supplied or
to be supplied in writing by or on behalf of the Company for inclusion in the
Definitive Proxy Statement, substance, in all material respects, with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of
the SEC thereunder.   (h) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except for
liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby or disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
Company and its Subsidiaries have since December 31, 2001 conducted their
business only in the ordinary course, and there has not been (1) any
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution
(whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to any of the Company\'s
capital stock; (2) any split, combination or reclassification of any of the
Company\'s capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance
of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
shares of the Company\'s capital stock, except for issuances of Company
Common Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock Options in accordance with
their present terms or Company Stock Options issued in accordance with the
terms of the Company Stock Plans; (3) (A) any granting by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries after December 31, 2001 to any current or former
director, executive officer or other key employee of the Company or
its Subsidiaries of any increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits,
except for normal increases in the Ordinary Course of Business or as was
required under any employment agreements in effect as of December 31, 2001,
(B) any granting by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries after December 31,
2001 to any such current or former director, executive officer or key
employee of any increase in severance or termination pay, or (C) any entry by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries after December 31, 2001 into, or any
amendment of, any employment, deferred compensation, consulting, severance,
termination or indemnification agreement with any such current or former
director, executive officer or key employee; (4) except insofar as may have
been disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule or required by a change in
GAAP, any change in accounting methods, principles or practices by the
Company materially affecting its assets, liabilities, prospects or business;
(5) any tax election that individually or in the aggregate would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or any settlement or compromise
of any material income tax liability; (6) any change in the business, assets,
financial condition or results of operations of the Company or its
Subsidiaries or any other event which in any such case has had or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (7) any damage,
destruction or loss, whether covered by insurance or not, with respect to any
of the assets of the Company or   11  any of its Subsidiaries having a
Material Adverse Effect; (8) an entry into any agreement, commitment or
transaction by the Company or any Subsidiary which is material to the Company
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (9) any change in the terms and
conditions of the Company Stock Option Plans; (10) any redemption or other
acquisition of Company Common Stock by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
or any declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution in cash,
stock or property with respect to Common Stock, except for
purchases heretofore made pursuant to the terms of the Company\'s employee
benefit plans; (11) any revaluation by the Company of any asset (including,
without limitation, any writing down of the value of inventory or writing off
of notes or accounts receivable), other than in the Ordinary Course of
Business; (12) (A) any settlement or compromise by the Company or any
Subsidiary of any claim, litigation or other legal proceeding, other than in
the Ordinary Course of Business and in an amount less than $100,000 or (B)
any payment, discharge or satisfaction by the Company or any Subsidiary of
any other claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than in the Ordinary Course of
Business and consistent with past practice or with respect to any other such
claims, liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in, or
contemplated by, the consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto)
of the Company; or (13) any agreement or commitment, whether in writing or
otherwise, to take any action of the type described in this SECTION 3.1(H).
Since December 31, 2001, the Company and the Subsidiaries have conducted
their respective businesses in all material respects only in the Ordinary
Course of Business, consistent with past custom and practice.   (i)
Compliance With Applicable Laws; Litigation. The Company and its Subsidiaries
hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders, registrations and
approvals of all Governmental Entities which are required for the ownership
or lease of the Real Property or the operation of the businesses of the
Company and its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company Permits"), except
where the failure to have any such Company Permits individually or in
the aggregate would not have or reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are and since January 1,
2002 have been in compliance with the terms of the Company Permits and all
Legal Requirements, except where the failure so to comply individually or in
the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not
received any notice or other communication (whether oral or written) from any
Governmental Entity or any other Person regarding (1) any actual, alleged,
possible, or potential violation of, or failure to comply with, any Legal
Requirement or Company Permit, or (2) any actual, alleged, possible, or
potential obligation on the part of the Company to undertake, or to bear all
or any portion of the cost of, any remedial action of any nature, nor to the
Company\'s Knowledge is there any basis for any such notice or other
communication, other than, in each case, those the outcome of which
individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (j) Labor Matters.   (i) Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to  any collective bargaining or other
labor union contract applicable to  Persons employed by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries and no  collective bargaining agreement is being negotiated
by the Company or any  of its Subsidiaries. As of the date of this Agreement,
there is no labor  dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or
any of its   12   Subsidiaries pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened  which may interfere with the respective business
activities of the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries. As of the date of this
Agreement, (x)  neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor any of
their  respective representatives or employees, has committed any unfair
labor  practice in connection with the operation of the respective businesses
of  the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (y) there is no charge or 
complaint against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by the National 
Labor Relations Board or any comparable governmental agency pending or,  to
the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing.   (ii) SECTION 3.1(J)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth  all employee benefit plans
("Company Benefit Plans") as defined in  Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974  ("ERISA") and all other employee
benefit arrangements or payroll  practices, including, without limitation,
any such arrangements or  payroll practices providing severance pay, sick
leave, vacation pay,  salary continuation for disability, retirement
benefits, deferred  compensation, bonus pay, incentive pay, stock options or
other  stock-based compensation, hospitalization insurance, medical
insurance,  life insurance, scholarships or tuition reimbursements,
maintained by the  Company or to which the Company is obligated to contribute
for employees,  individuals other than Employees, or former employees. Each
of the  employee benefit plans, practices and arrangements set forth on
SECTION  3.1(J) of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall hereafter be
referred to  as a "Plan" or "Plans" as the context may require.   (iii)
Copies of the following documents, with respect to each of  the Plans, as
applicable, have been delivered to Acquiror by the Company:  (i) all plan and
related trust documents, and amendments thereto; (ii)  the most recent IRS
Form 5500; (iii) the last IRS determination letter;  (iv) summary plan
descriptions; and (v) the most recent actuarial report.   (iv) Neither the
Company nor any trade or business (whether or not  incorporated) which has
been under common control or treated as a single  employer with the Company
under Section 414(b), (c) or (m) of the Code  (an "ERISA Affiliate") has
incurred, or is reasonably likely to incur,  any liability under Title IV of
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code and none  of the Plans is a Multiemployer
Plan, as defined in Section 3(37) of  ERISA. Neither the Company nor any
ERISA Affiliate has incurred any  Liability resulting from a complete or
partial withdrawal from any  Multiemployer Plan, and none of them has
incurred, or is reasonably  likely to incur, any liability due to the
termination or reorganization  of a Multiemployer Plan which has not been
satisfied in full, and to the  Company\'s Knowledge, no event has occurred
that would subject the Company  or any ERISA Affiliate to any such
liability.   (v) Each Plan complies with, and has been established,
operated  and administered in accordance with its terms and the requirements
of,  ERISA, the Code and other Legal Requirements and, there are no
material  pending or, to Company\'s Knowledge, threatened claims by, on
behalf of or  involving any plan administrator or any plan trustee (other
than routine  claims for benefits).   13   (vi) Neither the Company nor
any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any  liability for any tax or penalty
imposed by Section 4975 of the Code or  Section 502(i) of ERISA with respect
to any Plan.   (vii) Each Plan which is intended to qualify under Section
401(a)  of the Code has received an IRS determination letter concluding that
such  Plan so qualifies in form, and no event has occurred and no condition 
exists that, to the Company\'s Knowledge, would cause such Plan to lose  its
qualified status.   (viii) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.1(J) of the
Company  Disclosure Schedule or as may be required under Section 4980B of
the  Code, or Section 601 of ERISA, the Company does not have any liability 
for post-retirement medical or life insurance benefits or coverage for  any
employee or former employee or any dependent of any such employee or  former
employee.   (ix) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.1 of the Company
Disclosure  Schedule, the consummation of the Merger will not result in any
increase  in the amount of compensation or benefits or accelerate the vesting
or  timing of payment of any compensation or benefits payable by the
Company  to or in respect of any employee or former employee or the
beneficiary or  dependent of any such employee or former employee under any
Plan or  Contract.   (x) Except as set forth in SECTION 3.1(J) of the
Company  Disclosure Schedule, and assuming, with the permission of the
Parent,  Acquiror and Merger Sub, for the purposes of Section 162(m) of the
Code  only, that none of Acquiror, Parent or Merger Sub, prior to January
1,  2004, will issue any class of common equity securities required to be 
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, no amount payable to any Employee or former Employee will fail  to
be deductible for Federal income tax purposes by reason of Section  162(m) or
Section 280G of the Code.   (xi) The Company has no separate Plans for the
benefit of the  Company\'s non-United States employees or United States
employees located  in a foreign jurisdiction.   (k) Taxes.   (i) Except
as otherwise disclosed on Section 3.1(k) of the Company  Disclosure: (1) the
Company has filed (or joined in the filing of) when  due all reports,
returns, information returns, forms, declarations,  claims for refund,
statements or other information (including any  amendments thereto and
including any schedule or statement thereto) filed  or maintained, or
required to be filed or maintained, in connection with  the calculation,
determination, assessment or collection of any Tax and  shall include any
amended returns required as a result of examination  adjustments made by the
Internal Revenue Service or other Governmental  Entity (each, "Tax Return")
required by applicable Legal Requirements to  be filed with respect to the
Company and all Taxes shown to be due on  such Tax Returns have been paid;
(2) all such Tax Returns were true,  correct and complete as of the time of
each such filing; (3) all Taxes  relating to periods ending on or before the
date hereof owed by the  Company (whether or not shown on any   14   Tax
Return) and required to have been paid, have been paid (except for  Taxes
which are being contested in good faith in appropriate proceedings 
diligently conducted); (4) any liability of the Company for Taxes not yet 
due and payable, or which are being contested in good faith in  appropriate
proceedings diligently conducted, has been provided for on  the financial
statements of the Company in accordance with GAAP; (5)  there is no action,
suit, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim now  pending against, or with
respect to, the Company in respect of any Tax or  assessment, nor is any
claim for additional Tax or assessment asserted by  any Governmental Entity;
(6) since January 1, 1999, no claim has been  made by any Governmental Entity
in a jurisdiction where the Company does  not currently file a Tax Return
that it is or may be subject to Tax by  such jurisdiction, nor to the
Company\'s Knowledge is any such assertion  threatened; (7) there is no
outstanding request for any extension of time  within which to pay any Taxes
or file any Tax Returns; (8) there has been  no waiver or extension of any
applicable statutes of limitation for the  assessment or collection of any
Taxes of the Company; (9) the Company is  not a party to any agreement,
whether written or unwritten, providing for  the payment of Taxes, payment
for Tax losses, entitlements to refunds or  similar Tax matters; (10) no
ruling with respect to Taxes (other than a  request for determination of the
status of a qualified pension plan) has  been requested by or on behalf of
the Company; (11) the Company has  withheld and paid all material Taxes
required to be withheld in  connection with any amounts paid or owing to any
employee, creditor,  independent contractor or other third party; (12) no
property of the  Company is "tax-exempt use property" within the meaning of
Section 168(h)  of the Code; (13) the Company is not a party to any lease
made pursuant  to former Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1954; (14)  the Company has not filed any agreement or consent under Section
341(f)  of the Code; and (15) the Company has not been a United States real 
property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of  the
Code during the applicable period specified in Section  897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of
the Code.   (ii) Except as disclosed in 3.1(k) of the Company Disclosure 
Schedule and assuming, with the permission of the Parent, Acquiror and 
Merger Sub, for the purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code only, that  none
of Acquiror, Parent or Merger Sub, prior to January 1, 2004, will  issue any
class of common equity securities required to be registered  under Section 12
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: (1)  any amount that
could be received (whether in cash or property or the  vesting of property)
as a result of the Transactions by any employee,  officer or director of the
Company who is a "disqualified individual" (as  such term is defined in
proposed Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1)  under any employment,
severance or termination agreement, other  compensation arrangement or
benefit plan currently in effect would not be  characterized as an "excess
parachute payment" (as such term is defined  in Section 280(G)(b)(1) of the
Code); and (2) the disallowance of a  deduction under Section 162(m) of the
Code for employee remuneration will  not apply to any amount paid or payable
by the Company under any  Contract, benefit plan, program, arrangement or
understanding currently  in effect.   (l) Environmental Matters. Except as
disclosed in SECTION 3.1(L) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company, all real
property owned, leased or operated by the Company and its Subsidiaries are
in   15  compliance with Environmental Laws, except as would not have or
would not reasonably be likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have obtained
and currently possess and maintain all permits required by Environmental
Laws (collectively, "Company Environmental Permits") for each of their
respective operations, all such Company Environmental Permits are in good
standing, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the
terms and conditions of such Company Environmental Permits, except in each
such case as would not have or would not reasonably be likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) neither
the Company and its Subsidiaries nor any real property currently or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company
or its Subsidiaries is subject to any pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened Environmental Claim; (iv) neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has generated, arranged for the disposal of or otherwise
caused to be disposed of any Hazardous Material at any off-site location at
which the Company and its Subsidiaries would reasonably be expected to be
liable for undertaking or paying for any investigation or any other action to
respond to the release or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
release of any Hazardous Material or would reasonably be expected to be
required to pay natural resource damages, except in any such case as
would not have or would not reasonably be likely to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; (v) no Company property or any
property currently or, to the Knowledge of the Company, formerly owned,
leased or operated by the Company and its Subsidiaries has been the subject
of any treatment, storage, disposal, accumulation, generation, or release of
Hazardous Materials in any manner which would reasonably be expected to give
rise to liability under Environmental Laws or need to undertake any action to
respond to such Hazardous Materials, except as would not have or would not
reasonably be likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect; (vi) there are no wetlands at any of the Company properties
nor is any Company property subject to any current or, to the Knowledge of
the Company, threatened environmental deed restriction, use restriction,
institutional or engineering control, except as would not have or would not
reasonably be likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect; (vii) the Company has neither expressly, nor by operation of
law, assumed or undertaken any liability arising under or related to any
Environmental Claim; (viii) the Company is not required to give notice of or
record or deliver to any Governmental Agency an environmental disclosure
document or statement by virtue of the transactions set forth herein and
contemplated hereby; (ix) the Company and its Subsidiaries have made
available to Parent all environmental audits, reports and other material
environmental documents in their possession relating to their current and, to
the extent the Company or its Subsidiaries have Knowledge that they are
potentially liable, their formerly owned or operated properties, facilities
or operations; (viii) no capital expenditures are presently required to
maintain or achieve compliance with Environmental Laws, except as would not
have or would not reasonably be likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company; and (ix) to
the Knowledge of the Company, there are no underground storage
tanks, polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCB") or PCB-containing equipment, except
for PCB or PCB-containing equipment owned by utility companies, or asbestos
or asbestos-containing materials at any Company property, except as would not
have or would not reasonably be likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.   16   As used in this
Agreement:   "Environmental Claims" means any and all administrative,
regulatory, judicial or third-party claims, demands, notices of violation or
non-compliance, directives, proceedings, investigations, orders, decrees,
judgments or other allegations of noncompliance with or liability or
potential liability relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any
Company Environmental Permit.   "Environmental Laws" means all applicable
federal, state, and local Laws, rules and regulations, orders, judgments,
decrees and other legal requirements including, without limitation, common
law relating to pollution or the regulation and protection of human health,
safety, the environment or natural resources, including, but not limited to,
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of
1980, as amended (42 U.S.C. Sec. 9601 et seq.); the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Act, as amended (49 U.S.C. Sec. 180 et seq.); the Federal
Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended (7 U.S.C. Sec. 136 et
seq.); the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Sec.
6901 et seq.); the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Sec.
7401 et seq.); the Clean Air Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Sec. 740 et seq.);
the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended (33 U.S.C. Sec. 1251 et
seq.); the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (29 U.S.C. Sec. 651
et seq.); the Safe Drinking Water Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Sec. 300f et
seq.); and their state and local counterparts or equivalents and any transfer
of ownership notification or approval statute.   "Hazardous Material" means
all substances, pollutants, chemicals, compounds, wastes, including, without
limitation, petroleum and any fraction thereof, and bacteria, mold, fungi or
other toxic growth, either regulated under Environmental Laws or otherwise
potentially injurious to human health and the environment.   (m) Opinion of
Financial Advisor. The Company has received the opinion of its Financial
Advisor, to the effect that, as of the date of its opinion, the Merger
Consideration is fair from a financial point of view to the holders of shares
of Company Common Stock.   (n) Takeover Statutes. The Company\'s Board of
Directors, at a meeting duly called and held, has approved, for purposes of
Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Revised Code, the Merger and the acquisition by
Acquiror of the shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation pursuant
to the Merger. As of the date of this Agreement, except for Chapter 1704 of
the Ohio Revised Code and Section 1701.831 of the Ohio Law, no "fair price,"
"business combination," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other
anti-takeover statute or similar statute or regulation enacted by any state
apply to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (o) Finders\' or Advisors\' Fees. Except for its Financial
Advisor, there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary
which has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries who might be entitled to any fee or commission in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   17  
(p) Intellectual Property; Software.   (i) Except in each case where the
failure would not, individually  or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse  Effect, (1) the Company and its Subsidiaries own
all right, title and  interest in or have valid and enforceable rights to
use, by license or  other agreements, all of the Intellectual Property that
is currently used  in the conduct of the Company\'s or any of its
Subsidiary\'s business, free  of all liens, pledges, charges, options, rights
of first refusal,  security interests or other encumbrances of any kind, (2)
no action,  claim, arbitration, proceeding, audit, hearing, investigation,
litigation  or suit (whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative
or  informal) has commenced, been brought or heard by or before any 
Governmental Entity or arbitrator or is pending or is threatened in  writing
by any third Person with respect to any Intellectual Property  owned by such
third Person or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in  connection with
the business as currently conducted, including any claim  or suit that
alleges that any such Intellectual Property owned by the  Company or any of
its Subsidiaries infringes, impairs, dilutes or  otherwise violates the
rights of others, and the Company and its  Subsidiaries are not subject to
any outstanding injunction, judgment,  order, decree, ruling, charge,
settlement, or other dispute involving any  third Person\'s Intellectual
Property, (3) neither the Company nor any of  its Subsidiaries has threatened
or initiated any claim or action against  any third party with respect to any
Intellectual Property, and (4) the  Company has no Knowledge of any material
conflicts with or infringements  of any Intellectual Property of any third
Person.   (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, "Intellectual Property"
means  all (1) inventions, discoveries, processes, designs, techniques, 
developments, technology, and related improvements, whether or not 
patentable; (2) United States and foreign issued patents and applications 
therefor and all divisionals, reissues, renewals, registrations, 
confirmations, re-examinations, certificates of inventorship, extensions, 
continuations and continuations-in-part thereof and all rights of  priority
therein; (3) United States, state and foreign trademarks, trade  dress,
service marks, service names, trade names, brand names, logo or  business
symbols, whether registered or unregistered, and pending  applications
(including intent to use applications) to register the  foregoing, including
all extensions and renewals thereof and all goodwill  associated therewith;
(4) United States and foreign copyrights and moral  rights in writings,
designs, software, mask works or other works, whether  registered or
unregistered, and pending applications to register the  same, (5) technical,
scientific, and other know-how, trade secrets,  methods, processes,
practices, formulas and techniques, computer software  programs and software
systems, including all databases, compilations,  tool sets, compilers, higher
level or "proprietary" languages, related  documentation and materials,
whether in interpretive code, source code,  object code or human readable
form; (6) rights of publicity and privacy,  "name and likeness" rights and
other similar rights; (7) books and  records kept in the ordinary course of
the business describing or used in  connection with any of the foregoing; and
(8) claims or causes of action  arising out of or related to past, present or
future infringement or  misappropriation of any of the foregoing. Without
limiting the foregoing,  the Intellectual Property shall include the United
States and foreign  issued patents, patent applications, trademark
registrations, trademark  applications, copyright registrations and
copyright   18   applications, and the right to register the domain names
as set forth in  the Company Disclosure Schedule   (q) Problems with
Customers and Suppliers.   (i) Section 3.1(q) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule lists each  of the Company\'s customers whose purchases from the
Company constituted  greater than 10% of the Company\'s revenue for the year
ended December 31,  2001 and the nine months ended September 30, 2002 (each a
"Major  Customer") and the dollar amount of business done with each Major 
Customer in each such period. Section 3.1(q) of the Company Disclosure 
Schedule further lists each of the Company\'s vendors and suppliers, the 
dollar value of purchases constituted greater than 10% of the Company\'s 
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the nine months ended 
September 30, 2002 (each a "Major Supplier"), and the dollar amount of 
business done with each Major Supplier in each such period. The Company  has
furnished Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub with complete and accurate  copies
or descriptions of all current agreements (written or unwritten)  with such
Major Customers and Major Suppliers. Except as set forth on  Section 3.1(q)
or the Company Disclosure Schedule, (1) the Company is not  engaged in a
material dispute with any Major Customer or Major Supplier,  (2) there has
been no material adverse change in the business  relationship of the Company
with any Major Customer or Major Supplier  since September 30, 2002, and (3)
no Major Customer or Major Supplier has  indicated in writing or otherwise
any material modification or change in  the business relationship with the
Company, including but not limited to,  a reduction in the volume of business
transacted by such Major Customer  or Major Supplier, as the case may be,
below historical levels.   (ii) Since January 1, 2002: (1) no supplier or
customer of the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries has canceled or otherwise
terminated  its relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
except for  such cancellations and terminations that, individually or in
the  aggregate, have not had, or more likely than not are not expected to 
have, a Material Adverse Effect; (2) to the Knowledge of the Company, no 
supplier or customer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has  provided
written notice to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of its  intent
either to terminate its relationship with the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries or to cancel any material agreement with the Company or  any of
its Subsidiaries, except for such terminations and cancellations  that would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have, or will have, a  Material
Adverse Effect; (3) to the Knowledge of the Company, none of the  suppliers
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is unable to continue  to supply
the products or services supplied to the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries
by such supplier, except for such inabilities that,  individually or in the
aggregate, have not had, or will have, a Material  Adverse Effect; and (4)
the Company and its Subsidiaries have no direct  or indirect ownership
interest in any supplier or customer of the Company  or any of its
Subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its  Subsidiaries taken as a
whole.   (r) Certain Business Practices. To the Knowledge of the Company,
within the past five years, none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
any directors, officers, agents or employees of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries has, directly or indirectly, (i) used any   19  funds
for unlawful contributions, gifts, kickbacks entertainment or other unlawful
expenses related to political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to foreign
or domestic political parties or campaigns or violated any provision of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, (iii) made any unlawful
contribution, gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback, or
other unlawful payment to any Person, private or public, regardless of form,
whether in money, property, or services (1) to obtain favorable treatment in
securing business, (2) to pay for favorable treatment for business secured,
(3) to obtain special concessions or for special concessions already
obtained, for or in respect of the Company, or (4) in violation of any Legal
Requirement, (iv) established or maintained any fund or asset that has not
been recorded in the books and records of the Company, or (v) made any other
unlawful payment.   (s) Real Estate.   (i) Section 3.1(s) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule contains a  true correct and complete description of all
owned and leased real estate  and all leases, subleases, licenses and other
occupancy agreements  together with any amendments thereto, any option
agreements and any  subordination, nondisturbance and attornment agreements
(the "Leases"),  with respect to all real property leased or subleased by the
Company or  its Subsidiaries (the "Leased Real Estate" and, together with the
owned  real estate, the "Real Property"). Each Lease is in full force and 
effect, the Company and/or the Subsidiaries, as applicable and any other 
party thereto has performed all material obligations required to be 
performed by it to date under each of the Leases and neither the Company, 
the Subsidiary nor, to the Company\'s or Subsidiary\'s Knowledge, any other 
party thereto is in material default under any of the Leases (and no  event
has occurred which, with due notice or lapse of time or both, would 
constitute such a lapse or default). No amount due under the Leases  remains
unpaid, no material controversy, claim, dispute or disagreement  exists
between the parties to any of the Leases. The Company has  delivered to
Parent true correct and complete copies of each Lease, and  all amendments
thereto, listed on Section 3.1(s) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule, except
to the extent otherwise noted therein.   (ii) The covenants, conditions,
restrictions, encroachments,  encumbrances, easements, rights of way,
licenses, grants, building or use  restrictions, exceptions, reservations,
limitations or other impediments  affecting the Real Property do not and will
not, with respect to each  Real Property, materially impair the Company\'s
ability to use any such  Real Property in the operation of the Company\'s
business as presently  conducted. There are no pending or, to the Company\'s
Knowledge,  threatened condemnation or similar proceedings affecting the
Real  Property   (iii) All brokerage commissions and other compensation and
fees  payable by reason of the Leases have been paid in full except for
such  commissions and other compensation related to options or extensions
in  the Leases which are not yet exercised.   (iv) To the Company\'s
Knowledge, all improvements on the Real  Property and the operations therein
conducted conform in all material  respects to all applicable Legal
Requirements, including without  limitation, health, fire, environmental,
safety, zoning   20   and building laws, ordinances and administrative
regulations, except for  possible nonconforming uses or violations which do
not and will not  expose any person or property to injury or damage,
materially and  adversely affect any insurance coverage, give rise to strict
liability,  penalties or fines jeopardize any Permit or materially interfere
with the  present use, operation or maintenance thereof by the Company and
its  Subsidiaries as now used, operated or maintained, and which do not and 
will not materially and adversely affect the value thereof. To the 
Company\'s Knowledge, all buildings, structures, improvements and fixtures 
owned, leased or used by the Company or its Subsidiaries in the conduct  of
its business at the Real Property conform in all material respects to  all
applicable codes and rules adopted by national and local associations  and
boards of insurance underwriters; and all such buildings, structures, 
improvements and fixtures are in good operating condition and repair,  free
of leaks and other material defects and have not suffered any  casualty or
other material damage that has not been repaired in all  material respects
except to the extent that the same does not materially  affect the Company\'s
use and enjoyment of the Real Property.   (v) There are no outstanding
requirements or recommendations by  any insurance company which has issued to
the Company a policy covering  the Real Property, or by any board of fire
underwriters or other body  exercising similar functions, requiring or
recommending any repairs or  work to be done on such property.   (vi)
Except as set forth in Section 3.1(s) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule,
the Company has not assigned any of its interests  under any Lease, nor is
any Real Property subject to any lease, sublease,  license or other agreement
granting to any other Person any right to the  use, occupancy or enjoyment of
such property or any portion thereof. No  option (to extend or reduce the
term of any Lease, or reduce or expand  the space conveyed under any sublease
or to purchase the property leased  under any such lease) has been exercised
or has expired under any of the  Leases, except options whose exercise or
expiration have been evidenced  by a written document, a true, complete and
accurate copy of which has  been delivered to the Parent with the
corresponding Lease.   (vii) The Real Property is all of the real property
used by the  Company or necessary for the conduct of its business as
currently  conducted.   (t) Voting Requirements. The affirmative vote of
the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
at the Company Shareholders Meeting to adopt this Agreement (the "Company
Shareholder Approval") is the only vote of the holders of any class or series
of the Company\'s capital stock necessary to adopt and approve this Agreement
and the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby.   (u) Condition
and Compliance of Property; Accounts.   (i) The assets of the Company: (1)
in the aggregate are adequate  to conduct the operations of the Company in
substantially the manner  currently conducted, (2) are suitable for the
purposes for which they are  currently used, (3) have been maintained in
accordance with the Company\'s  historical practices since December 31, 2001,
and (4) are in good  condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.   21  
(ii) Section 3.1(u) of the Company Disclosure Schedule correctly  identifies
each bank account, brokerage account and safety deposit box  maintained by or
on behalf or for the benefit of the Company.   (v) Company Rights Agreement.
The Rights Agreement dated as of October 23, 1993 between the Company and
National City Bank, Cleveland, Ohio (the "Company Rights Agreement") has been
amended to (i) render the Company Rights Agreement inapplicable to the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) ensure that
(x) none of Acquiror or its wholly owned Subsidiaries is an Acquiring Person
(as defined in the Company Rights Agreement) pursuant to the Company Rights
Agreement, (y) a Distribution Date, a Triggering Event or a Share Acquisition
Date (as such terms are defined in the Company Rights Agreement) does not
occur solely by reason of the execution of this Agreement, the consummation
of the Merger, or the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and (z) ensure that the Company Rights Agreement will expire
or otherwise terminate immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (w) Board
Recommendation. As of the date hereof, the Board of Directors of the Company
has recommended that the shareholders of the Company vote for adoption of
this Agreement.   (x) Contracts. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC
Documents, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by
(i) any "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K of the SEC) or any agreement, contract or commitment that
would be such a "material contract" but for the exception for contracts
entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any non-competition
agreement or any other agreement or obligation which materially limits or
will materially limit the Company from engaging in any line of business,
(iii) any Lease, or (iv) any material agreement, contract or commitment to
which the Company is a party that is not in the Ordinary Course of Business
(collectively, "the Contracts"). With such exceptions as, individually or in
the aggregate, have not had, and would not be reasonably expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect, (x) each of the contracts, agreements and
commitments of the Company is valid and in full force and effect and (y)
neither the Company nor a Subsidiary has violated any provision of, or
committed or failed to perform any act which, with or without notice, lapse
of time, or both, would constitute a default under the provisions of any such
contract, agreement or commitment. To the Knowledge of the Company, no
counterparty to any such contract, agreement or commitment has violated
any provision of, or committed or failed to perform any act which, with or
without notice, lapse of time, or both would constitute a default or other
breach under the provisions of, such contract, agreement or commitment,
except for defaults or breaches which, individually or in the aggregate, have
not had, or would not reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse
Effect. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise a
guarantor of or liable with respect to, any interest rate, currency or other
swap or derivative transaction. The Company has provided or made available to
Parent a copy of each agreement described in item (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv)
above.   (y) Insurance. SECTION 3.1(Y) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
sets forth a list of all insurance policies and all material fidelity bonds
or other insurance service contracts (the "Insurance Policies") providing
coverage for the properties or operations of the Company, the   22  type
and amount of coverage, and the expiration dates of the Insurance
Policies. There is no claim by the Company pending under any of the Insurance
Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the
underwriters of such policies. All premiums payable under all Insurance
Policies have been paid, and the Company has otherwise complied in all
material respects with the terms and conditions of all the Insurance
Policies. The Insurance Policies are valid and enforceable in accordance with
their terms, are issued by an insurer that is financially sound and
reputable, are in full force and effect and insure against risk and
liabilities customary in the industry and as required by Legal Requirements
and the Contracts. The Company has not received notice from any insurance
carrier: (i) threatening a suspension, revocation, modification
or cancellation of any Insurance Policy or a material increase in any premium
in connection therewith, or (ii) informing Company that any coverage listed
on SECTION 3.1(W) of the Company Disclosure Schedule will or may not be
available in the future on substantially the same terms as now in effect.  
(z) Product Liability; Warranty. Except as disclosed in SECTION 3.1(Z) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule:   (i) there has not been during the past six
(6) years from the date  of this Agreement and there is no notice, demand,
claim, action, suit,  inquiry, hearing, proceeding, notice of violation or
investigation of a  civil, criminal or administrative nature by any
Governmental Entity  against or involving any product, substance or material
(collectively, a  "Product"), or class of claims or lawsuits involving a
Product  manufactured, produced, distributed or sold by or on behalf of the 
Company which is pending or, to Company\'s Knowledge, threatened,  resulting
from an alleged defect in design, manufacture, materials or  workmanship of
any Product manufactured, produced, distributed or sold by  or on behalf of
the Company, or any alleged failure to warn, or from any  breach of express
or implied specifications or warranties or  representations (a "Product
Claim");   (ii) there has not been, nor is there under consideration or 
investigation by the Company, any Product recall, rework, retrofit or  post-
sale warning (collectively, recalls, reworks, retrofits and  post-sale
warnings are referred to in this Agreement as "Recalls")  conducted by or on
behalf of the Company concerning any Products  manufactured, produced,
distributed or sold by or on behalf of the  Company or, to the Company\'s
Knowledge, any Recall conducted by or on  behalf of any entity as a result of
any alleged defect in any Product  supplied by the Company, other than
rework, refurbishments, or refits  arising in the Ordinary Course of
Business; and   (iii) there is no Product Claim pending or, to the
Company\'s  Knowledge threatened, on behalf of a customer of the Company or
a  consumer that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (aa) No
Additional Representations or Warranties. Neither the Company nor any other
Person makes any other express or implied representation on behalf of the
Company other than as expressly set forth in this ARTICLE III.   23  
SECTION 3.2 Representations and Warranties of Acquiror, Parent and
Merger Sub. Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub each hereby represents and
warrants to the Company as follows:   (a) No Prior Activities of Merger
Sub. Merger Sub has not conducted any business prior to the date hereof and
has no, and prior to the Effective Time will have no, assets, liabilities or
obligations of any nature other than those incident to its formation and
pursuant to this Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) Organization, Standing and Corporate
Power. Each of Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation or other
legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the requisite
corporate or other power, as the case may be, and authority to carry on its
business as now being conducted.   (c) Authority; No Conflict. Each of
Acquiror, Parent, and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, subject to approval by shareholders of Parent
("Parent Shareholder Approval"). The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Acquiror, Parent, and Merger Sub and the consummation by Acquiror, Parent,
and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Acquiror, Parent,
and Merger Sub, subject to Parent Shareholder Approval. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by Acquiror, Parent, and Merger Sub and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Acquiror, Parent, and
Merger Sub, enforceable against Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub in accordance
with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating
to or affecting the rights of creditors and to general principles of equity.
Except as set forth in SECTION 3.2(C) to the Acquiror disclosure schedule
attached hereto (the "Acquiror Disclosure Schedule"), the execution and
delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of, or default
(with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a
right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss
of a benefit under, (i) the certificate incorporation, articles
of organization or other charter documents of Acquiror or Parent or the
articles of incorporation or code of regulation of Merger Sub, (ii) any loan
or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other
agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license or similar
authorization applicable to Acquiror or Parent or their respective properties
or assets or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other matters
referred to in the following sentence, any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Acquiror or Parent or their
respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), any such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights, losses or Liens that
individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to
materially impair or delay the ability of Acquiror, Parent, or Merger Sub to
perform their obligations under this Agreement. No consent, approval, order
or authorization of, action by, or in respect of, or registration,
declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required by Acquiror,
Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Acquiror or the consummation by Acquiror of the  
24  transactions contemplated hereby, except: (1) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio; (2)
the filing of a pre-merger notification and report form by Acquiror and
Parent under the HSR Act; (3) such filings, consents, approvals, orders or
authorizations as may be required to be made or obtained pursuant to Foreign
Antitrust Laws; (4) such filings, consents, approvals, orders or
authorizations as may be required to be made or obtained pursuant to rules
and regulations of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong; and, (5) such consents,
approvals, orders or authorizations the failure of which to be made or
obtained individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to
materially impair or delay the ability of Acquiror, Parent or Merger Sub to
perform its respective obligations under this Agreement.   (d) Proxy
Materials. All of the information to be furnished by Acquiror, Parent or
Merger Sub for inclusion in the Definitive Proxy Statement (or any amendment
or supplement thereto) will not, on the date it is first mailed to
the Company\'s shareholders, and the Definitive Proxy Statement, as then
amended or supplemented, on the date of the Company Shareholders Meeting
referred to in SECTION 5.1(A) (Proxy Statement) or on the Closing Date,
contain any statement which is false or misleading with respect to any
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub make no representation or warranty
regarding information furnished by the Company for inclusion in the
Definitive Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The
information supplied or to be supplied in writing by or on behalf of Acquiror
or Merger Sub for inclusion in the Definitive Proxy Statement will comply as
to form and substance in all material respects with the requirements of the
Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC
thereunder.   (e) Brokers. Except as set forth in SECTION 3.2(E) of the
Acquiror Disclosure Statement, no broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other Person is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial
advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by
or on behalf of Acquiror or Merger Sub.   ARTICLE IV  PRE-CLOSING
COVENANTS   SECTION 4.1 Conduct of Business. Except as (i) set forth in
SECTION 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (ii) as otherwise expressly
contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) consented to by Acquiror, such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, during the period from
the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and
shall cause its Subsidiaries to, carry on their respective businesses in the
Ordinary Course of Business consistent with past practice and in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements and, to the
extent consistent therewith, use all reasonable efforts to preserve intact
their current business organizations (other than internal organizational
realignments), use all reasonable efforts to keep available the services of
their current officers and other key employees and preserve their
relationships with those Persons having business dealings with them to the
end that their goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the
Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and except
as subject to the above exceptions, during the   25  period from the date
of this Agreement to the Effective Time or earlier termination of this
Agreement, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to:   (a) (x) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or
make any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock other
than dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned
Subsidiary of the Company to its parent, (y) split, combine or reclassify any
of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
capital stock, except for issuances of the Company Common Stock upon the
exercise of the Company Stock Options under the Company Stock Plans or in
connection with other awards under the Company Stock Plans, in each case,
outstanding as of the Stock Reference Date, and in accordance with their
present terms or issued pursuant to SECTION 4.1(B) or (z) except pursuant to
agreements entered into with respect to the Company Stock Plans that are in
effect as of the close of business on the Stock Reference Date or issued
pursuant to SECTION 4.1(B), purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any
such shares or other securities;   (b) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or
otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien any shares of its capital stock,
any other voting securities or any securities convertible into, or any
rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or
convertible securities, other than the issuance of Company Common Stock upon
the exercise of the Company Stock Options or in connection with other awards
under the Company Stock Plans (x) outstanding as the Stock Reference Date and
in accordance with their present terms or granted after the date thereof in
the Ordinary Course of Business consistent with past practice or (y) after
consulting with Acquiror, otherwise granted after the date hereof;   (c)
amend its articles of incorporation, code of regulations or other comparable
organizational documents, or, in the case of the Company, merge
or consolidate with any Person;   (d) acquire or agree to acquire, or
dispose of or agree to dispose of, any material assets, either by purchase,
merger, consolidation, sale of shares in any of its Subsidiaries or
otherwise, except for (w) purchases of capital equipment in accordance with
the previously approved capital expenditure budget, a complete and correct
copy of which has been furnished to Acquiror, (x) purchase of inventory
components and subsequent sale of inventory in the Ordinary Course of
Business, consistent with past practice, (y) sale of obsolete equipment for
fair market value, and (z) the sale of excess equipment in an amount in any
single transaction or series of related transactions, not to exceed $3
million;   (e) sell, lease, license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or
subject to any Lien, abandon or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or
assets other than in the Ordinary Course of Business consistent with past
practice;   (f) take any action that would cause the representations and
warranties set forth in this Agreement to no longer be true and correct;  
26   (g) amend, modify or waive any provision of the Company Rights
Agreement, and shall not take any action to redeem the rights issued
thereunder or render the rights issued thereunder inapplicable to a
transaction, other than to permit another transaction that the Board of
Directors of the Company has determined in good faith, after consultation
with outside counsel, is a Superior Proposal;   (h) make any change in
accounting methods or cash management;   (i) (i) grant any increase in the
compensation payable or to become payable by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to any of its officers, directors or key employees, except in
the case of key employees (who are not officers or directors) increases in
the Ordinary Course of Business, or pursuant to Contracts in effect as of the
date of this Agreement; or (ii) (A) adopt any new, (B) grant any award under,
or (C) except as required by applicable Legal Requirements, amend or
otherwise increase, or accelerate the payment or vesting of the amounts
payable or to become payable under, any existing Company Benefit Plan; or
(iii) enter into or modify or amend any employment or severance agreement
with or, except as required by applicable Legal Requirements, grant any
severance or termination rights to any officer, director or employee of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) enter into any collective
bargaining agreement or (v) make any loan to, or enter into any material
transaction of any other nature with, any director, executive officer or key
employee of the Company;   (j) modify, amend or terminate in any material
respect, any of its material Contracts or waive, release or assign any
material rights or claims;   (k) (i) incur or assume any Indebtedness other
than Indebtedness with respect to working capital in amounts consistent with
past practice; (ii) materially modify any Indebtedness or other Liability;
(iii) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible
(whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any
other Person (other than a Subsidiary), other than immaterial amounts in the
Ordinary Course of Business, and other than the endorsement of negotiable
instruments for collection in the Ordinary Course of Business; (iv) make any
loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other
person (other than to wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Company or customary
advances to employees in accordance with past practice); or (v) enter into
any material commitment or transaction;   (l) make any material tax
election (unless required by law) or settle or compromise any material income
tax liability;   (m) (i) waive the benefits of, or agree to modify in any
material manner, any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (ii) pay,
discharge or satisfy any proceeding, other than a payment, discharge or
satisfaction (A) involving payments by the Company or its Subsidiaries of
less than $1 million, or (B) for which liabilities are reflected on or are
reserved against in the Company\'s most recent consolidated financial
statements (or the notes thereto) included in the Company SEC Reports, but
not to exceed the reserve therefor, in each case in complete satisfaction,
and with a complete release, of such matter with respect to all parties to
such matter, of actions, suits, proceedings or claims;   27   (n) make any
payment or incur any liability or obligation for the purpose of obtaining any
consent from any third party to the transactions contemplated hereby;   (o)
fail to keep in full force and effect insurance comparable in amount and
scope to coverage maintained by it (or on behalf of it) on the date
hereof;   (p) accelerate the collection of receivables or defer the payment
of payables or modify the payment terms of any receivables or payables, other
than immaterial changes in a manner consistent with past practice, or
sell, securitize, factor or otherwise transfer any accounts receivable other
than consistent with past practice;   (q) permit any purchase of Common
Stock by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at a price higher than the
Merger Consideration;   (r) fail to inform Parent of the occurrence of any
event which to the Knowledge of the Company could reasonably be expected to
result in a breach of any representation or warranty contained in Section
3.1; and   (s) shall enter into an agreement, contract, commitment or
arrangement to do any of the foregoing, or to authorize, recommend, propose
or announce an intention to do any of the foregoing;  provided that the
limitations set forth in this SECTION 4.1 (other than clause (c)) shall not
apply to any transaction to which the only parties are the Company and any
wholly owned Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company.   SECTION 4.2 Other
Actions. Except as required by law, the Company, Parent and Acquiror shall
not, and neither shall permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to,
voluntarily take any action that would reasonably be expected to result in
any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in ARTICLE VI (Conditions
Precedent) not being satisfied.   SECTION 4.3 Advice of Changes. The Company
and Acquiror shall give prompt oral and written notice to the other party of
(i) the occurrence, or non-occurrence of any event whose occurrence, or non-
occurrence would be likely to cause either (A) a Material Adverse Change, (B)
any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or
inaccurate in any respect at any time from the date hereof to the Effective
Time or (C) any failure of the Company, Acquiror or Parent, or any of their
respective officers, directors, employees, agents or subsidiaries, to comply
with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or
satisfied by it hereunder; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice
pursuant to this SECTION 4.3 shall not limit or otherwise affect the
representations, warranties or remedies available hereunder to any party
hereto.   SECTION 4.4 No Solicitation by the Company.   (a) The Company
shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its directors, officers or employees or any
investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or
other representative retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries to, directly
or indirectly, through another Person, (i) solicit, initiate or
encourage (including by way   28  of furnishing information), or take any
other action designed to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any
proposal which constitutes any Company Takeover Proposal or (ii) participate
in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Company Takeover Proposal;
provided, however, that if, at any time, the Board of Directors of the
Company determines in good faith, after consultation with such legal,
financial and other advisors as it deems appropriate, that it is necessary to
do so in order to act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duties under
applicable law, the Company may, prior to the date of the Shareholders
Meeting and in response to a Superior Proposal that was not solicited by it
or that did not otherwise result from a breach of this SECTION 4.4(A), (x)
furnish non-public information with respect to the Company and
its Subsidiaries to any Person making or proposing to make a Superior
Proposal pursuant to a confidentiality agreement and (y) participate in
discussions or negotiations regarding such Superior Proposal.   (b) In
addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in paragraph (a) of this
SECTION 4.4, the Company shall immediately advise Acquiror orally and in
writing of any request for information or of any Company Takeover Proposal
and the material terms and conditions of such request or Company Takeover
Proposal. The Company will keep Acquiror reasonably informed of the status
and details (including amendments and proposed amendments) of any
such request or Company Takeover Proposal.   (c) Nothing contained in this
SECTION 4.4 shall prohibit the Company from taking and disclosing to its
shareholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to the Company\'s shareholders if,
in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, after
consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose would be
inconsistent with its obligations under applicable law.   (d)
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this SECTION 4.4, the Company (i)
may file this Agreement and any press release announcing this Agreement as
exhibits to a Current Report on Form 8-K, and (ii) may, in
private communications with third parties and in other public disclosures,
make a statement to the effect that, consistent with its fiduciary
obligations and subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Board of
Directors of the Company has preserved its ability to respond to third
parties, where appropriate.   SECTION 4.5 Continued Availability of Funds;
Evidence of Funds.   (a) The Parent, directly or indirectly through the
Acquiror or Merger Sub, shall at all times prior to the Closing Date,
maintain on hand sufficient funds to pay the Merger Consideration (the
"Financing").   (b) The Parent shall provide to the Company upon execution
of this Agreement and thereafter, as the Company may reasonably request,
continuing financial and accounting evidence of their financial capacity to
make the investments contemplated by this Agreement.    ARTICLE V 
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   SECTION 5.1 Preparation of the Proxy Statement;
Shareholders Meeting.   (a) Proxy Statement. In connection with the Company
Shareholders Meeting contemplated by SECTION 5.1(B) below, the Company will
prepare and file (after consultations with Acquiror) a preliminary proxy
statement relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the
"Preliminary Proxy Statement") and will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to respond to the comments of the SEC thereon, and to cause a final
proxy statement (such proxy statement the "Definitive Proxy Statement") to be
mailed to the Company\'s shareholders, in each case as soon as reasonably
practicable after providing Acquiror with reasonable opportunity to comment
thereon. Each party to this Agreement will notify the other parties promptly
of the receipt of the comments of the SEC, if any, and of any request by the
SEC for amendments or supplements to the Preliminary Proxy Statement or the
Definitive Proxy Statement or for additional information, and will supply the
others with copies of all correspondence between such party or its
representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or members of its staff, on the
other hand, with respect to the Preliminary Proxy Statement, the Definitive
Proxy Statement or the Merger. If at any time prior to the Company
Shareholders Meeting, (i) any event should occur relating to the Company or
any of the Subsidiaries which should be set forth in an amendment of, or a
supplement to, the Definitive Proxy Statement, or (ii) any event should occur
relating to Acquiror, Parent, or Merger Sub or any of their respective
Affiliates, or relating to the plans of any such Persons for the Surviving
Corporation after the Effective Time of the Merger, or relating to
the Financing of the transaction, in either case that should be set forth in
an amendment of, or a supplement to, the Definitive Proxy Statement, then
the Company or Acquiror (as applicable), will, upon learning of such event,
promptly inform the other of such event and the Company shall prepare, file
and, if required, mail such amendment or supplement to the Company\'s
shareholders; provided that, prior to such filing or mailing the Company
shall consult with Acquiror with respect to such amendment or supplement and
shall afford Acquiror reasonable opportunity to comment thereon. Acquiror
will furnish to the Company the information relating to Acquiror, Parent, and
Merger Sub, their respective Affiliates and the plans of such Persons for the
Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time of the Merger, and relating to
the Financing, which is required to be set forth in the Preliminary Proxy
Statement or the Definitive Proxy Statement under the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.   (b) The Company will take
all action necessary in accordance with applicable law and its governing
documents to duly call, give notice of, and, after SEC clearance of the
Definitive Proxy Statement, convene a meeting of its shareholders (the
"Company Shareholders Meeting") to consider and vote upon the adoption of
this Agreement. The Board of Directors of the Company shall recommend such
adoption and approval, and subject to fiduciary obligations under applicable
law, shall not withdraw or modify such recommendation other than
in compliance with SECTION 4.4(A) and SECTION 7.1(E) , or if the Fairness
Opinion is withdrawn by Financial Advisor and the Company terminates this
Agreement under SECTION 7.1(F), and shall take all lawful action necessary to
obtain such shareholder approval.    30   (c) Parent will take all
action necessary in accordance with applicable law, including the rules and
regulations of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, to obtain approval of the
Merger by the shareholders of Parent. The disclosure statement or other
communication sent by Parent to its shareholders shall contain (i) the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of Parent that such shareholders
vote in favor of the Merger and (ii) a statement that the executive members
of the Board of Directors of Parent intend to vote their shares of Parent
Common Stock in favor of the Merger.   SECTION 5.2 Access to Information;
Confidentiality. To the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the
Agreement dated October 2, 2002 between Acquiror and the Company (the
"Confidentiality Agreement"), the Company shall, and shall cause each of its
Subsidiaries to afford to Acquiror and to the officers, employees,
accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other representatives of
Acquiror, reasonable access during normal business hours during the period
prior to the Effective Time to all their respective properties (including
access to perform environmental studies, if deemed necessary or appropriate
by the Acquiror), books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records and,
during such period, the Company shall, and shall cause each of
its subsidiaries to furnish promptly to Acquiror (a) a copy of each
report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed by it
during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal or state
securities laws and (b) all other information concerning its business,
properties and Personnel as such other party may reasonably request. Any
review pursuant to this SECTION 5.2 shall be for the purposes of confirming
the accuracy of any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement
given by the Company to Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub. The Acquiror will
hold, and will cause its respective officers, employees, accountants,
counsel, financial advisors and other representatives and affiliates, any
non-public information in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality
Agreement.   SECTION 5.3 Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Cooperation.  
(a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
each of the parties agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist
and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper
or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner
practicable, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including (i) obtaining of all necessary actions or non-
actions, waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental Entities and the
making of all necessary registrations and filings and the taking of all steps
as may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an
action or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity, (ii) obtaining of all
necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties, (iii) defending
any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative,
challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, including seeking to have any stay or temporary
restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated
or reversed, and (iv) executing and delivering of any additional instruments
necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry
out the purposes of, this Agreement. Nothing set forth in this SECTION 5.3(A)
will limit or affect actions permitted to be taken pursuant to SECTION
4.2.   (b) Each of Acquiror and the Company shall use their best efforts
to file as soon as practicable notifications under the HSR Act with respect
to the Merger and the other transactions   31  contemplated by this
Agreement and to respond at the earliest practicable date with any request
under the HSR Act for additional information, documents or other materials
received by such party from the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of
Justice or any other Governmental Entity in respect of such filings or the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The parties
to this Agreement will cooperate with the other party in connection with
making any filing under the HSR Act and in connection with any
filings, conferences or other submissions related to resolving any
investigation or other inquiry by any Governmental Authority with respect to
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
SECTION 5.4 Director, Officer and Employee Indemnification.   (a) Acquiror
shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, and the Surviving
Corporation shall, indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law, the individuals who on or prior to
the Effective Time were officers, directors or employees of the Company or
its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Indemnitees") with respect to all acts
or omissions by them in their capacities as such or taken at the request of
the Company or its Subsidiaries at any time prior to the Effective Time.
With respect to all acts or omissions by them in their capacities as such or
taken at the request of the Company or its Subsidiaries at any time prior to
the Effective Time. Acquiror agrees that, and Acquiror agrees to cause the
Surviving Corporation to agree that, all rights of the Indemnitees to
indemnification and exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time as provided in the respective
articles of incorporation or regulations (or comparable organizational and
governing documents) of the Company and its Subsidiaries as now in effect and
any indemnification agreements or arrangements of the Company or its
Subsidiaries shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and
effect in accordance with their terms. Such rights shall not be amended, or
otherwise modified in any manner that would adversely affect the rights of
the Indemnitees, unless such modification is required by law. In addition,
the Surviving Corporation shall pay any expenses of any Indemnitee under this
SECTION 5.4 as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law,
provided that the Person to whom expenses are advanced provides an
undertaking to repay such advances to the extent required by applicable
law.   (b) In the event any action is asserted or made, any
determination required to be made with respect to whether an Indemnitee\'s
conduct complies with the standards set forth under the Ohio Statutes, the
applicable organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries or
any indemnification agreements or arrangements of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, shall be made by independent legal counsel
selected by the Acquiror and reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee;
provided, however, that nothing in this SECTION 5.4 shall impair any rights
of any current or former director or officer of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, including pursuant to the respective articles of incorporation
or bylaws of Surviving Corporation or the Company, or their respective
subsidiaries, under Ohio law or otherwise.   (c) Each of Acquiror, the
Surviving Corporation and the Indemnitee shall cooperate, and cause their
respective affiliates to cooperate, in the defense of any action and shall
provide access to properties and individuals as reasonably requested and
furnish or cause to be furnished   32  records, information and testimony,
and attend such conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials or
appeals, as may be reasonably requested in connection therewith.   (d) For
the six-year period commencing immediately after the Effective Time,
Surviving Corporation shall either (i) maintain in effect the
Company\'s current directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policies
providing coverage as respects acts or omissions occurring prior to the
Effective Time with respect to those persons who are currently covered by the
Company\'s directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy ("DandO;
Insurance") on terms and at limits no less favorable to the Company\'s
directors and officers currently covered by policies in effect on the date
hereof or (ii) a directors\' and officers\' insurance policy for the
exclusive benefit of those persons who are currently covered by the
Company\'s directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy from a
financially sound and nationally reputable carrier which (1) is at least as
favorable to the Persons currently covered by the Company\'s directors\'
and officers\' liability insurance in effect as of the date hereof and (2)
will at a minimum have the same terms and limits as the Company\'s
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policies in effect as of the
date hereof; provided, however, that, if the Company\'s current directors\'
and officers\' liability insurance expires, is terminated or is canceled
during such six-year period, Acquiror shall, or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, obtain directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
covering such acts or omissions with respect to each such Person on terms and
at limits no less favorable to the Company\'s directors and officers
currently covered by policies in effect immediately prior to the date of such
expiration, termination or cancellation, provided, however, that the
Surviving Corporation shall not be required to pay an annual premium for the
DandO; Insurance in excess of 200% of the estimated premium for 2003.
The Company and Acquiror shall cooperate to make any arrangements necessary
to obtain or continue such directors\' and officers\' liability insurance for
such six-year period, including the prepayment any fees or premiums to the
applicable insurance providers of such amounts as necessary to provide the
coverage contemplated by this SECTION 5.4.   (e) The provisions of this
SECTION 5.4 are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable
by, each Indemnitee, such Indemnitee\'s heirs and representatives and (ii)
are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to
indemnification or contribution that any such Person may have by contract or
otherwise.   (f) In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of
its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
Person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all
of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case,
proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of the
Surviving Corporation shall assume all of the obligations thereof set forth
in this SECTION 5.4.   (g) The obligations of Acquiror and the Surviving
Corporation under this SECTION 5.4 shall not be terminated or modified in
such a manner as to adversely affect any Indemnitee to whom this SECTION 5.4
applies without the consent of the affected Indemnitee (it being expressly
agreed that the Indemnitees to whom this SECTION 5.4 applies shall be third
party beneficiaries of this SECTION 5.4).    33   SECTION 5.5 Public
Announcements. Acquiror and the Company will consult with each other before
issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review, comment upon and
concur with, any press release or other public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and,
subject to SECTION 4.4(D), shall not issue any such press release or make any
such public statement prior to such consultation, except as either party may
determine is required by applicable law, court process or by obligations
pursuant to any listing rules or listing agreement with any national
securities or stock exchange. The parties agree that the initial press
release to be issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in the form heretofore agreed to by the parties.  
SECTION 5.6 2002 Year-End Benefits. The Surviving Corporation agrees to make,
if not previously paid prior to the Effective Time, payments under
the Company\'s current incentive bonus and profit sharing plans with respect
to the year ended December 31, 2002.   SECTION 5.7 Delisting. Each of the
parties hereto shall cooperate with each other in taking, or causing to be
taken, all actions necessary to delist all of the Company Common Stock from
the New York Stock Exchange and to terminate registration under the Exchange
Act; provided, that such delisting and termination shall not be effective
until after the Effective Time.   ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  
SECTION 6.1 Conditions To Each Party\'s Obligation To Effect The Merger. The
respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger are subject to
the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   (a) Shareholders\' Approval. The Company
Shareholder Approval and the Parent Shareholder Approval shall each have been
obtained.   (b) Governmental And Regulatory Approvals. All consents,
approvals and actions of, filings with and notices to any Governmental Entity
required of the Company, Acquiror, Merger Sub, or any of their Subsidiaries
to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the
failure of which to be obtained or taken is reasonably expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, shall have been obtained in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Acquiror.   (c) No Injunctions Or Restraints. No judgment,
order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation, entered, enacted,
promulgated, enforced or issued by any court or other Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition (collectively,
"Restraints") affecting the Closing or seeking to prohibit the transactions
contemplated under this Agreement shall be in effect; provided, however, that
the parties asserting this condition shall have used its commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such Restraints and to appeal
as promptly as possible any such Restraints that may be entered.   (d) HSR
Act. The waiting or similar period (including any extension thereof)
applicable to the consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act and
any applicable Foreign Antitrust Law shall have expired or been
terminated.    34   SECTION 6.2 Conditions to Obligations of Acquiror,
Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub to
effect the Merger are further subject to satisfaction or waiver of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of the Company set forth herein shall be true
and correct both when made and at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at
and as of such time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier
date, in which case as of such date), except where the failure of such
representations and warranties to be so true and correct (without giving
effect to any limitation as to "materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" set
forth therein) would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company
shall have performed or complied in all material respects to all obligations
required to be performed or complied by it under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date.   (c) No Material Adverse Change. At any time after
the date of this Agreement there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse
Change.   (d) Dissenting Shares. Acquiror shall have received evidence, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that the number of
Dissenting Shares shall constitute no greater than 10% of the total number of
shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time.   (e) Closing Certificate. The Acquiror shall have received on
the Closing Date a closing certificate in the form of Exhibit 4 hereto dated
the Closing Date and executed by the chief executive officer of the
Company certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in SECTIONS
6.1 and 6.2.   (f) Resolutions, etc. The Acquiror shall have received from
the Company a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, of its secretary or
assistant secretary as to (i) any resolutions of the Company authorizing the
execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the Merger or any other
related document; and (ii) the articles of incorporation and code of
regulations of the Company, with any amendments thereto, in effect as of the
date hereof, upon which the Acquiror may conclusively rely until it shall
have received a further certificate of secretary of the Company canceling or
amending such prior articles of incorporation.   (g) Good Standing
Certificate. The Company shall provide to the Acquiror a certificate of the
Secretary of State of Ohio as to the Company\'s good standing.   (h)
Director Resignations. The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
the Acquiror letters of resignation executed by the directors of the Company
effective as of the Effective Time.   SECTION 6.3 Conditions to Obligations
of the Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the Merger are
further subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:   
35   (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of Acquiror set forth herein shall be true and correct both when
made and at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such time
(except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as
of such date), except where the failure of such representations and
warranties to be so true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation
as to "materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein) would not
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Acquiror.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Acquiror, Parent and Merger
Sub. Acquiror, Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed or complied in all
material respects to all obligations required to be performed or complied by
them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.   (c) Exchange
Fund Funding. On or prior to the Closing Date, but prior to the Effective
Time, Parent, Acquiror or Merger Sub shall have deposited with the Exchange
Agent the Exchange Fund.   (d) Payment for Termination of Employment
Agreement. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, Parent, Acquiror or
Merger Sub shall have furnished cashiers\' checks or wire transfers of funds
to each of the employees listed on Section 6.3(d) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule in the aggregate amount of $2.4 million.   (e) Closing
Certificate. The Company shall have received on the Closing Date a closing
certificate in the form of Exhibit 5 dated the Closing Date and executed by
the chief executive officer of Parent certifying to the fulfillment of the
conditions specified in SECTIONS 6.1 and 6.3.   SECTION 6.4 Frustration of
Closing Conditions. None of Acquiror, Parent or the Company may rely on the
failure of any condition set forth in SECTION 6.1 (Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger), SECTION 6.2 (Conditions to
Obligations of the Acquiror),or SECTION 6.3 (Conditions to Obligations of the
Company), as the case may be, to be satisfied if such failure was caused by
such party\'s failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as
required by and subject to SECTION 5.3 (Commercially Reasonable
Efforts; Cooperation).   ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND
WAIVER   SECTION 7.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the Company
Shareholder Approval:   (a) By mutual written consent of Acquiror and the
Company;   (b) By either Acquiror or the Company:   (i) if the Merger
shall not have been consummated by April 15,  2003; provided, however, that
the right to terminate this Agreement  pursuant to this Section 7.1(b)(i)
shall not be available to any party  whose failure to perform any of its  
36   obligations under this Agreement solely is the basis for the failure
of  the Merger to be consummated by such time;   (ii) if the Company
Shareholder Approval shall not have been  obtained at a Company Shareholders
Meeting duly convened therefor or at  any adjournment or postponement
thereof; or   (iii) if any Restraint having any of the effects set forth
in  SECTION 6.1(C) shall be in effect and shall have become final and 
nonappealable; provided, however, that the party seeking to terminate  this
Agreement pursuant to this SECTION 7.1(B)(III) shall have used  commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of and to remove  such Restraint;  
(c) By Acquiror, if the Company shall have breached or failed to perform in
any material respect any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
other agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to
perform would give rise to a Material Adverse Effect relating to the Company
and (A) is not cured within 30 days after written notice thereof or (B) is
incapable of being cured by the Company;   (d) By the Company, if Acquiror,
Parent or Merger Sub shall have breached or failed to perform in any material
respect any of their respective representations, warranties, covenants or
other agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to
perform includes failure to fully fund the Exchange Fund and (A) is not cured
within 30 days after written notice thereof or (B) is incapable of being
cured by Acquiror;   (e) By the Company upon the Company\'s execution of a
binding agreement with a third party with respect to a Superior Proposal,
provided that for any termination by the Company under this SECTION 7.1(E) to
be effective, the Company must have complied with all provisions of this
Agreement, including the notice provisions contained in SECTION 4.4(B) and
paid the Termination Fee and expense reimbursement to Acquiror in accordance
with SECTION 7.3;   (f) by the Company if any event, circumstance,
condition, fact, effect or other matter has occurred or exists which (i)
would, or would be reasonably likely to give rise to the failure of any of
the conditions to the obligations of the Parent, Merger Sub or Acquiror set
forth in SECTION 6.1 OR 6.3; and (ii) cannot be or has not been cured within
30 days after the giving of written notice to the Acquiror;   (g) by
Acquiror if any event, circumstance, condition, fact, effect or other matter
has occurred or exists which (i) would, or would be reasonably likely to give
rise to the failure of any of the conditions of the Company set forth in
SECTION 6.1 OR 6.2; and (ii) cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days
after the giving of written notice to the Company;   (h) by Acquiror if any
of the following shall have occurred:   (i) any Person (other than Acquiror
or any Subsidiary of  Acquiror) shall have commenced (as such term is defined
in Rule 14d-2  under the Exchange Act), a tender offer or exchange offer to
purchase  any Company Common Stock or securities   37   convertible into
such shares such that, upon consummation of such  offer, such person would
own or control 50% or more of the then  outstanding Company Common Stock, and
the Board of Directors of the  Company, within ten Business Days after such
tender or exchange offer  shall have been so commenced, fails to recommend
against acceptance of  such tender or exchange offer by its shareholders;  
(ii) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall have  authorized,
recommended, proposed or publicly announced an intention to  authorize,
recommend or propose, or entered into, an agreement with any  Person (other
than Acquiror or any Subsidiary of Acquiror) to (A)  effect a merger,
consolidation or similar transaction involving the  Company or any of its
material Subsidiaries, (B) sell, lease or  otherwise dispose of assets of the
Company or its Subsidiaries  representing 20% or more of the consolidated
assets of the Company and  its Subsidiaries or (C) issue, sell or otherwise
dispose of (including  by way of merger, consolidation, tender offer, share
exchange or any  similar transaction) securities (or options, rights or
warrants to  purchase, or securities convertible into, such securities)
representing  10% or more of the voting power of the Company;   (iii) any
Person (other than Acquiror or any Subsidiary of  Acquiror) shall have
acquired beneficial ownership (as such term is  defined in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act) or the right to acquire  beneficial ownership of, or any
"group" (as such term is defined under  the Exchange Act) shall have been
formed which beneficially owns or has  the right to acquire beneficial
ownership of, 15% or more of the then  outstanding Company Common Stock,
except for any Person that  beneficially owns more than 15% of the
outstanding Company Common Stock  as of the date of this Agreement, unless
such Person\'s beneficial  ownership increases by more than 1% of the
outstanding Company Common  Stock; or   (iv) the Company\'s Board of
Directors shall have withdrawn or  modified in a manner adverse to Acquiror
the recommendation of the  Company\'s Board of Directors that the
shareholders approve this  Agreement and the Merger (an "Adverse
Recommendation") (it being  understood and agreed that any communication by
the Company or the  Company\'s Board of Directors to the shareholders that
indicates that  the Company\'s Board of Directors had determined not to
withdraw or  modify such recommendation, in whole or in part, because such
action  would or might give rise to a right on the part of Acquiror to 
terminate this Agreement and/or obligate the Company to pay the fee set 
forth in SECTION 7.3(B) shall nevertheless be deemed to be an Adverse 
Recommendation).   SECTION 7.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of
termination of this Agreement by either the Company or Acquiror as provided
in SECTION 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no
effect, without any liability or obligation on the part of Acquiror or the
Company, other than pursuant to the provisions of this SECTION 7.2, SECTION
7.3 and ARTICLE VIII, which provisions survive such termination; provided,
however, that nothing herein shall relieve any party to this Agreement from
any liability for any willful and material breach by such party of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this
Agreement.    38   SECTION 7.3 Fees and Expenses.   (a) Expenses. If
this Agreement is terminated in connection with any of the circumstances
described in SECTION 7.3(B), the Company shall reimburse Acquiror and Merger
Sub for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and fees payable by Acquiror or
Merger Sub in connection with the proposed financing of the Merger; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to reimburse Acquiror and
Merger Sub for expenses in excess of Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars
($700,000) in the aggregate. Any such required reimbursement shall take place
on the later of the termination of this Agreement or submission of evidence
of such incurred expenses to the Company.   (b) Termination Fee. If this
Agreement is terminated (i) pursuant to SECTION 7.1(H) within two (2)
Business Days after such termination, or (ii) pursuant to SECTION 7.1(E) on
the date of such termination, the Company shall pay Acquiror a fee of Five
Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($5,300,000), by wire transfer to an
account specified by Parent (the "Termination Fee").   (c) Other Expenses.
Except as provided otherwise in paragraph (a) above, all costs and expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement, and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not the
Merger is consummated.   ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS   SECTION 8.1
Survival of Representations and Warranties. None of the representations and
warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this
Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This SECTION 8.1 shall not limit
any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms contemplates
performance after the Effective Time.   SECTION 8.2 Notices. All notices,
requests, claims, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied
(which is confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of
delivery) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   (a) if to the Company,
to: Royal Appliance Mfg. Co.  7005 Cochran Road  Glenwillow, Ohio 44139 
Facsimile No.: (440) 996-2027  Attention: Michael J. Merriman,  Chief
Executive Officer    39   with a copy to: Kahn Kleinman, A Legal
Professional  Association  2600 Erieview Tower  1301 East Ninth Street 
Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1824  Facsimile No.: (216) 623-4912  Attention: Marc
H. Morgenstern, Esq. or  Michael A. Ellis Esq.   (b) if to Acquiror, Parent
or Merger Sub, to:   TechTronic Industries Co, Ltd.  24/F., CDW Bldg., 
388 Castle Peak Rd.  Tsuen Wan, N.T., Hong Kong  Facsimile No.:
011-852-2413-0620  Attention: Horst Pudwill,  Chief Executive Officer  
with a copy to: Willkie Farr and Gallagher  787 Seventh Ave  New York, NY
10019  Facsimile No.: 212-728-9237  Attention: Bruce R. Kraus, Esq.   
SECTION 8.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been
signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.   SECTION
8.4 Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the
United States or any state having jurisdiction without the necessity of
posting a bond, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity.   SECTION 8.5 Entire Agreement; No Third-
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments
referred to herein), and the Confidentiality Agreement (a) constitute the
entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement and (b) except for the provisions of SECTION 5.4 and SECTION
5.6, are not intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties any
rights or remedies.    40   SECTION 8.6 Governing Law. This Agreement
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of Ohio, without regard to principles of conflict of laws thereof.  
SECTION 8.7 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in
whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties
hereto without the prior written consent of the other party; provided,
however, that RAMC Holdings, Inc. may assign its rights and obligations
hereunder to Parent, or to any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent. Any assignment in violation of the preceding sentence shall be void.
Subject to the preceding two sentences, this Agreement will be binding upon,
inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their
respective successors and assigns.   SECTION 8.8 Consent to Jurisdiction.
Each of the parties hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the personal
jurisdiction of any federal court located in the State of Delaware or any
Delaware state court, in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it
will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or
other request for leave from any such court, and (c) agrees that it will not
bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than a federal court
sitting in the State of Delaware or a Delaware state court.   SECTION 8.9
Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article,
Section or Exhibit, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of, or
an Exhibit to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of
contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are
used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation". The words "hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and words
of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All terms
defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any
certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless
otherwise defined therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to
the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. The
language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by
the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict
construction will be applied against any party. Any references to any
federal, state, local or foreign statute or law shall also refer to all rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires
otherwise.   SECTION 8.10 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement
are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.   SECTION 8.11 Severability. If any
term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the   41  original
intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law in an acceptable manner so that the
transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.  
SECTION 8.12 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any
time before or after the Company Shareholder Approval; provided,
however, that after any such Company Shareholder Approval, there shall not be
made any amendment affecting the Merger Consideration or that by law requires
further approval by the shareholders of the Company without the further
approval of such shareholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.   SECTION
8.13 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, a party may
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
acts of the other party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations
and warranties of another party contained in this Agreement or in any
document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso
of SECTION 8.11, waive compliance by any party with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party
to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of
any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement
or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.   SECTION 8.14
Schedules. The Company has set forth information in the Company Disclosure
Schedule in a section thereof that corresponds to the section of this
Agreement to which it relates. Such information will qualify other sections
hereof, and be deemed included in the Company Disclosure Schedule for such
other section, only to the extent that such applicability is
manifestly evident on the face of such disclosures. The fact that any item of
information is disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule to this Agreement
shall not be construed to mean that such information is required to be
disclosed by this Agreement or is necessarily material.   [THIS SPACE LEFT
BLANK INTENTIONALLY]    42   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement and Plan of Merger to be signed by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written
above.   ROYAL APPLIANCE MFG. CO.     By: /s/ Michael J. Merriman 
Name: Michael J. Merriman  Title: Chief Executive Officer  and President   
RAMC HOLDINGS, INC.     By: /s/ Horst Pudwill  Name: Horst Pudwill 
Title: President    TIC ACQUISITION CORP.     By: /s/ Horst Pudwill 
Name: Horst Pudwill  Title: President     TECHTRONIC INDUSTRIES CO.,
LTD.     By: /s/ Horst Pudwill  Name: Horst Pudwill  Title: Chief
Executive Officer    43   APPENDIX A   DEFINITIONS  For purposes of
this Agreement:   "Acquiror" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.  
"Acquiror Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.2(c).   "Adjustment Event" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.4.   "Affiliate" of any Person means another Person that directly
or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled
by, or is under common Control with, such first Person.   "Agreement" has
the meaning set forth in the Recitals.   "Balance Sheet" means the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2002.  
"Certificates" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).   "Certificate
of Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.   "Closing" has the
meaning set forth in Section 1.2.   "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth
in Section 1.2.   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.   "Company" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.   "Company
Benefit Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(j).   "Company
Common Stock" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.   "Company
Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.   "Company
Permits" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(i).   "Company Preferred
Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c).   "Company Rights
Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(t).   "Company SEC
Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(f).   "Company Stock
Options" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c).   "Company Shareholder
Approval" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(t).   "Company
Shareholders Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(b).  
"Company Stock Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c).  
"Company Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any
person relating to any (a) direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of
a business that constitutes 20% or more of the net revenues, net income or
the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) direct
or indirect acquisition or purchase of 20% or more of any class of
equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose business
constitutes 20% or more of the net revenues, net income or assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (c) tender offer or exchange
offer that if consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 20%
or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries whose business constitutes 20% or more of the net revenues, net
income or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
(d) merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries whose business constitutes 50% or more of the net
revenues, net income or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
"Confidentiality Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.  
"Consent" shall mean any approval consent, ratification, permission, waiver
or authorization (including any License or Governmental authorization).  
"Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
to direct or cause the direction of the management policies of a Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or
otherwise.   "Dissenting Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.5.   "Effective Time" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.  
"ERISA" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(j).   "ERISA Affiliate"
means any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that together with
the Company would be deemed to be a "single employer" within the meaning of
Section 4001(b) of ERISA.   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934.   "Exchange Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).  
"Exchange Fund" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).   "Fairness
Opinion" shall mean the opinion referenced in Section 3.1(m).    ii  
"Financial Advisor" means NatCity Investments, Inc.   "Foreign Antitrust
Laws" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(e).   "GAAP" means United
States generally accepted accounting principles.   "Governmental Entity" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(e).   "HSR Act" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1(e).   "Indebtedness" means (without duplication), with
respect to any Person, whether recourse is to all or a portion of the assets
of such Person, (i) the principal of and premium, if any, in respect of any
indebtedness of such Person for money borrowed, (ii) the principal, premium,
if any, and interest of such Person with respect to obligations evidenced by
bonds, debentures, notes or, except for accrued liabilities arising in the
Ordinary Course of Business, other similar instruments, including obligations
incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses
(other than trade payables which are not overdue or in default), (iii) all
obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit or other similar
instruments (including reimbursement obligations with respect thereto) but
only to the extent of drawings thereunder, (iv) every obligation of such
Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or
services (excluding trade accounts payable or accrued liabilities arising in
the Ordinary Course of Business which are not overdue or in default), (v)
every capital lease obligation (determined in accordance with GAAP) of such
Person, (vi) all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a Lien on any asset
of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person;
provided, however, that the amount of such Indebtedness shall be the lesser
of (A) the fair market value of such asset at such date of determination and
(B) the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Persons, (vii)
every obligation to pay rent or other payment amounts of such Person with
respect to any sale-leaseback transaction to which such Person is a party,
payable through the stated maturity of such sale-leaseback transaction,
(viii) factoring arrangements of such Person, whether or not such
arrangements appear on the balance sheet of such Person; and (ix) every
obligation of the type referred to in clauses (i) through (viii) of another
Person the payment of which, in any case, such Person has guaranteed or is
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, as obligor, guarantor or
otherwise.   "Indemnitees" have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a).  
"Insurance Policies" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(w).  
"Knowledge" means the actual knowledge of those individuals listed on Section
6.3(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   "Legal Requirement" means any
federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, international, multinational or
other Order, constitution law, rule ordinance, permit, principle of common
law, regulation, statute or treaty.   "Liens" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(b).    iii   "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse
Effect" means any change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts that
is, has had or is reasonably likely to have a material and adverse effect to
the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than any change,
effect, event or occurrence (i) relating to the economy or capital or
securities markets of the United States or any other region in general,
including changes in interest or exchange rates, (ii) resulting from entering
into this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby or the announcement thereof, or (iii) relating to its business,
financial condition or results of operations that has been disclosed in
writing to the other party prior to the date of this Agreement. The parties
agree that termination of the employment of the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company under circumstances that trigger the severance payment under
Section 7A of his employment agreement, dated of even date herewith, shall
constitute a Material Adverse Change.   "Merger" has the meaning set forth
in the Recitals.   "Merger Consideration" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(b).   "Merger Sub" has the meaning set forth in the
Recitals.   "Ohio Statutes" means the Ohio General Corporation Law.  
"Order" means any administrative award, decision, injunction,
judgment, order, ruling, subpoena, or verdict entered, issued, made, or
rendered by any court, administrative agency, or other Governmental
Entity.   "Ordinary Course of Business" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(f)(ii).   "Parent" has the meaning set forth in the
recitals.   "Parent Shareholder Approval" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.2(c).   "Permitted Liens" means, with respect to any asset, (i)
covenants, conditions, restrictions, encroachments, encumbrances, easements,
rights of way, licenses, grants, building or use restrictions, exceptions,
reservations, limitations or other imperfections of title (other than a Lien
securing any Indebtedness) with respect to such asset which, individually or
in the aggregate, does not materially detract from the value of, or
materially interfere with the present occupancy or use of, such asset and the
continuation of the present occupancy or use of such asset; (ii) the matters
set forth on Section 3.1(v) of the Company Disclosure Schedule; (iii) unfiled
mechanic\'s, materialmen\'s and similar liens with respect to amounts not yet
due and payable or which are being contested in good faith through
appropriate proceedings and, for those existing on the date of the Balance
Sheet, for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are reflected on
the Balance Sheet, or arose subsequent to September 30, 2002 in the Ordinary
Course of Business; (iv) liens for Taxes not yet delinquent or which are
being contested in good faith through appropriate proceedings and, for those
existing on the date of the Balance Sheet, for which adequate reserves in
accordance with GAAP are reflected on the Balance Sheet, or arose subsequent
to September 30, 2002 in the Ordinary Course of Business; and (v) liens
securing rental payments under capital lease arrangements, which capital
lease arrangements if existing on    iv  the date of the Balance Sheet
were reflected on the Balance Sheet, or arose subsequent to the date of the
Balance Sheet in the Ordinary Course of Business.   "Person" means an
individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity.  
"Preliminary Proxy Statement" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1(a).   "Product" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(z).   "Product Claim" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(z).  
"Proxy Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(e).  
"Restraints" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(c).   "SEC" means the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission.   "Securities Act" means
the Securities Act of 1933.   "Stock Reference Date" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1(c).   "Subsidiary" of any Person means another Person
of which sufficient voting securities, other voting ownership, or voting
partnership interests (or, if there are no such voting interests, 50% or more
of the equity interests) of such Person to elect at least a majority of its
Board of Directors or other governing body are owned, directly or indirectly,
by such first Person.   "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide written
offer for a Company Takeover Proposal by a Third Party that, the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith, has the good faith intent
to proceed with negotiations and the financial and other capabilities to
consummate the Company Takeover Proposal, taking into account, among other
things, the legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Company
Takeover Proposal, (i) on terms which the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in its good faith judgment (based on the advice of its legal and
financial advisors) is more favorable to the constituencies of the Company
that may be considered by the directors of the Company under Section
1701.59(E) of the Ohio Statutes, and (ii) that is reasonably capable of being
completed.   "Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section
1.1.   "Taxes" means all (x) federal, state, local or foreign net and
gross income, alternative or add-on minimum, environmental, gross receipts,
ad valorem, value added, goods and services, capital stock, profits,
license, single business, employment, severance, stamp, unemployment,
customs, property, sales, excise, use, occupation, service, transfer,
payroll, social security, franchise, withholding and other taxes or similar
governmental duties, charges, fees, levies or other assessments including any
interest, penalties or additions with respect thereto, (y) liability for the
payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (x) as a result of
being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group, and
(z) liability for the payment of any amounts as a result of being party to
any tax sharing agreement or as a result of any express or   v  implied
obligation to indemnify any other person with respect to the payment of any
amounts of the type described in clause (x) or (y).   "Termination Fee" has
the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(b).   "Third Party" means any Person or
group other than the Company, the Acquiror, Parent, Merger Sub or any of
their respective Affiliates.   "Withholding Amount" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.3(h).    vi   EXHIBIT 1   VOTING AGREEMENT   THIS
VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of December 16, 2002 (this "Agreement"), is made
by and among TechTronic Industries, Inc., a Hong Kong corporation ("Parent"),
Richmont Capital Partners I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
("Richmont"), and E. Patrick Nalley, individually and as Trustee of the Eldon
P. Nalley D/T/D January 18, 1993 ("Nalley" and, together with Richmont, each
a "Shareholder" and collectively, the "Shareholders").   W I T N E S S E T
H:   WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each of the Shareholders
owns beneficially the number of common shares without par value (the "Company
Common Shares") of Royal Appliance Mfg. Co., an Ohio corporation (the
"Company"), in each case as set forth opposite such Shareholder\'s name on
the signature page hereof (such shares, together with any Company Common
Shares acquired by any Shareholder prior to the termination of this
Agreement, are collectively referred to herein as the "Shares");   WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Parent, RAMC Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Acquiror"), TIC Acquisition Corp., an Ohio
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror ("Merger Sub"), and the
Company are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
the date hereof (the "Merger Agreement"; capitalized terms used and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them
in the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions thereof, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company
(the "Merger"); and   WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of the
Company, Parent, Acquiror, and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement,
Parent has requested each of the Shareholders to agree, and in order to
induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, such Shareholders are
willing to agree, to vote in favor of adopting the Merger Agreement and
approving the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties hereby agree, severally and not jointly, as follows:   Section
1. VOTING OF SHARES.   (a) Until the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with the terms hereof, each Shareholder hereby agrees that, at the
Shareholders\' Meeting of the Company or any other meeting of the
shareholders of the Company, however called, each Shareholder will (i) appear
at such meeting or otherwise cause its Shares to be counted as present
thereat for purposes of establishing a quorum, and (ii) vote all of such
Shareholder\'s Shares (A) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement
and the approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, and (B) against any action or agreement that
is  inconsistent with the Merger or would reasonably be expected to result
in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other
obligation or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement or which
would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the Merger
Agreement not being fulfilled. In addition, each Shareholder agrees that it
will, upon request by the Parent, furnish written confirmation, in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to Parent, of such Shareholder\'s vote in
favor of the Merger Agreement and the Merger.   (b) In the event that any
Shareholder fails to satisfy its obligations under clauses (a)(i) or (a)(ii)
above, each Shareholder hereby grants Parent a power of attorney up to and
through the termination of this Agreement to execute and deliver a proxy in
the form attached hereto as Annex A for and on behalf of such
Shareholder.   (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this
Agreement shall (i) limit or restrict any Shareholder, or any affiliate
thereof, from acting in his capacity as director or officer of the Company,
to the extent applicable, it being understood that this Agreement shall apply
to any such Shareholder solely in his capacity as a Shareholder of the
Company and (ii) nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted as obligating
the Shareholders to exercise any options to acquire Shares.   Section 2.
TRANSFER OF SHARES. Each Shareholder represents and warrants that it has no
present intention of taking action to, prior to the termination of this
Agreement, and shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) sell, assign, transfer
(including by operation of law), tender or otherwise dispose of any of the
Shares, (b) deposit any of the Shares into a voting trust or enter into
a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to the Shares or grant any
proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto which is inconsistent with
this Agreement, or (c) enter into any contract, option or other arrangement
or undertaking with respect to the direct or indirect sale, transfer
(including by operation of law) or other disposition of any Shares.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clauses (a) and (c) above, any
Shareholder may transfer any or all of its Shares; provided, however, that in
any such case, prior to and as a condition to the effectiveness of such
transfer, each person as to which any of such Shares or any interest in any
of such Shares is or may be transferred shall have executed and delivered to
each of the Company and Parent a counterpart to this Agreement pursuant to
which such person shall be bound by all of the terms and provisions of this
Agreement.   Section 3. PURCHASE OF SHARES. Each Shareholder agrees that it
shall not directly or indirectly acquire additional Shares except pursuant to
the exercise of any option to purchase Shares in which such Shareholder has
an interest as of the date hereof.   Section 4. AGREEMENT OF PARENT. Parent
hereby covenants and agrees with the Shareholders that it shall take all
reasonably necessary actions to ensure that immediately following the
Effective Time, each Shareholder or its designee shall receive the Merger
Consideration in immediately available funds with respect to the number of
Shares for which such Shareholder is entitled to receive Merger Consideration
pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, provided that such Shareholder
or its designee shall have surrendered to Parent a Certificate or
Certificates evidencing such number of Shares together with a letter or
letters of   2  transmittal in accordance with Section 2.3 of the Merger
Agreement, duly executed and completed in accordance with the instructions
thereto.   Section 5. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF
SHAREHOLDER. Each Shareholder hereby represents, warrants and covenants to
Parent with respect to itself and its ownership of its Shares as follows:  
(a) Shareholder has all legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) Shareholder is
the beneficial owner of its Shares and will continue to be the beneficial
owner of its Shares until the termination of this Agreement, except as
permitted by Section 2 of this Agreement.   (c) This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by such Shareholder.   (d) This Agreement
constitutes the valid and binding agreement of such Shareholder, enforceable
against Shareholder in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors\' rights
generally, by general equity principles, (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) or by
an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   (e) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Shareholder does not, and the performance of
this Agreement by Shareholder will not, (i) conflict with or violate any
trust agreement or other similar documents relating to any trust of which
Shareholder is trustee, (ii) conflict with or violate any law applicable to
Shareholder or by which Shareholder or any of Shareholder\'s properties is
bound or affected or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, acceleration or
cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any
assets of Shareholder, including, without limitation, Shareholder\'s Shares,
pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease,
license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which
Shareholder is a party or by which Shareholder or any of Shareholder\'s
assets is bound or affected, except for any such breaches, defaults,
conflicts, violations or other occurrences that would not prevent or delay
the performance by Shareholder of Shareholder\'s obligations under
this Agreement.   (f) Until the termination of this Agreement, Shareholder
will not (and will use Shareholder\'s reasonable best efforts to cause the
Company, its respective officers, directors and employees, and any investment
banker, attorney, accountant or other advisor or representative of
Shareholder or the Company or any of the same not to) (i) solicit, initiate
or knowingly encourage (including by furnishing nonpublic information) any
inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes, or may
reasonably be expected to lead to a Company takeover, (ii) participate in any
discussions or negotiations in furtherance of such inquiries or to obtain a
Company Takeover Proposal, or the making of any proposal that constitutes any
Company Takeover Proposal, or (iii) or knowingly facilitate any effort or
attempt to make or implement a   3  Company Takeover Proposal.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 3(f) to the contrary, any
Shareholder that is a member of the Company\'s Board of Directors may take
actions in such capacity to the extent permitted by the Merger Agreement.  
(g) Shareholder hereby waives any rights of appraisal or rights to dissent
from the Merger.   (h) Shareholder agrees to execute and deliver any
additional documents necessary, in the reasonable opinion of Parent, to carry
out the purpose and intent of this Agreement.   (i) Shareholder understands
and acknowledges that Parent is entering into the Merger Agreement in
reliance upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Shareholder.   Section 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT. Parent
hereby represents and warrants to the Shareholders as follows:   (a) Parent
is a company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation. Parent has all necessary corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by
Parent have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of
Parent.   (b) (i) No filing with any governmental authority and
no authorization, consent or approval of any other Person is necessary for
the execution of this Agreement by Parent and the consummation by Parent of
the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) none of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent, the consummation by Parent of the
transactions contemplated hereby shall (A) conflict with or result in any
breach of the organizational documents of Parent, (B) result in, or give rise
to, a violation or breach of or a default under any of the terms of any
material contract, understanding, agreement or other instrument or obligation
to which Parent is a party or by which Parent or any of its assets may be
bound, or (C) violate any applicable order, writ, injunction, decree,
judgment, statute, rule or regulation, except for any of the foregoing as
could not reasonably be expected to impair Parent\'s ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement.   (c) Parent understands and acknowledges
that the Shareholders are entering into this Agreement in reliance upon the
execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by Parent.   Section 7.
TERMINATION. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i)
the Effective Time, (ii) the termination of the Merger Agreement in
accordance with the terms thereof, (iii) the mutual consent of the parties
hereto, or (iv) the date set forth in Section 7.1(b)(i) of the
Merger Agreement; provided that no such termination shall relieve any party
of liability for a breach hereof prior to termination.   Section 8.
EXPENSES. Each party hereto shall be responsible for its own fees and
expenses (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of financial
consultants,   4  investment bankers, accountants and counsel) in
connection with the entering into of this Agreement.   Section 9.
MISCELLANEOUS.   (a) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement
is not intended to confer upon any other person any rights or remedies
hereunder. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or rescinded except by
an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.   (b)
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned by operation of Law (including by merger or
consolidation) or otherwise without the prior written consent of the
other parties hereto. Any assignment in violation of the preceding sentence
shall be void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns.   (c) The failure of
any party hereto to exercise any right, power or remedy provided under this
Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity, or to
insist upon compliance by any other party hereto with its obligations
hereunder, and any custom or practice of the parties at variance with the
terms hereof shall not constitute a waiver by such party of its right to
exercise any such or other right, power, or remedy or to demand such
compliance. Each of the parties hereto agrees that it will use its reasonable
best efforts to do all things necessary to effectuate this Agreement.   (d)
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications to be given
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) three
(3) business days following sending by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, (ii) when sent if sent by facsimile; provided, however, that the fax
is promptly confirmed by telephone confirmation thereof, (iii) when
delivered, if delivered personally to the intended recipient, and (iv) one
business day following sending by overnight delivery via a national courier
service, and in each case, addressed to a party at the following address for
such party:   if to the Shareholders: c/o Royal Appliance Mfg. Co.  7005
Cochran Road  Glenwillow, Ohio 44139-4303  Attention: Chief Executive
Officer  Facsimile: (440) 996-2027   with a copy to: Kahn Kleinman, a Legal
Professional  Association  2600 Erieview Tower  1301 East Ninth Street 
Cleveland, Ohio 44114  Attention: Marc H. Morgenstern, Esq.  Facsimile:
(216) 623-4912    5   If to Parent: Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd. 
24/F, CDW Bldg.  388 Castle Peak Road  Tsuen Wan, N.T.  Hong Kong 
Attention: Horst Pudwill, Chief  Executive Officer  Facsimile:
+852-2413-0620   With a copy to: Willkie Farr and Gallagher  787 Seventh
Avenue  New York, NY 10019  Attention: Bruce R. Kraus, Esq.  Facsimile:
(212) 728-8111  or to such other address as the person to whom notice is
given may have previously furnished to the other in writing in the manner set
forth above.   (e) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to
the choice of law provisions thereof.   (f) The descriptive headings herein
are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be
part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.   (g)
The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity
or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of the other provisions hereof. If any provision of this
Agreement, or the application thereof to any person or any circumstance,
is invalid or unenforceable, (a) if necessary, a suitable and equitable
provision shall be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may
be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or
unenforceable provision and (b) the remainder of this Agreement and the
application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be
affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or
unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or
the application thereof, in any other jurisdiction.   (h) The parties agree
that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms
or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that, in addition to any
other members at law or in equity, the parties shall be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement.   (i) This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other parties.    6   (j) The words "hereof," "herein" and "herewith"
and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement, and section and paragraph references are to the sections and
paragraphs of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Whenever the words
"include," "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall
be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." All terms defined
in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings contained herein when used
in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless
otherwise defined therein. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or
referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to
herein means such, instrument or statute as from time to time, amended,
qualified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements and
instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession
of comparable successor statutes and all attachments thereto and instruments
incorporated therein. References to a person are also to its permitted
successors and assigns.   (k) The parties have participated jointly in the
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be
construed as if drafted jointly by the parties and no presumption or burden
of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the
authorship of any provisions of this Agreement.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each
of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above.  Shares held of Royal Appliance Mfg. Co.   TECHTRONIC
INDUSTRIES, INC.    0 By:  Name: Horst Pudwill  Its: Chief Executive
Officer   RICHMONT CAPITAL PARTNERS I, L.P.    2,969,900 By: J.R.
Investment Corp.  Its: General Partner   By:_____________________  Name:
John Rochon  Its: President   1,020,000   E. PATRICK NALLEY, Individually
and  as Trustee of the Eldron P. Nalley D/T/D  January 18, 1993    7  
EXHIBIT 2   ROYAL APPLIANCE MFG. CO.   OFFICER\'S CERTIFICATE   I,
Michael J. Merriman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Royal Appliance
Mfg. Co., an Ohio corporation ("Royal"), pursuant to Section 6.2(c) of the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December ___, 2002 (the "Agreement),
among Royal, TechTronic Industries Co., Ltd., RAMC Holdings, Inc. and TIC
Acquisition Corp., do hereby certify, on behalf of Royal and solely in my
capacity as Chief Executive Officer of Royal, that (i) the
representations and warranties of Royal set forth in Section 3.1 of the
Agreement are true and correct both when made (except to the extent expressly
made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such date), except where the
failure of such representation and warranties to be so true and correct
(without giving effect to any limitation as to materiality or "Material
Adverse Effect" set forth therein) would not have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) Royal has performed and has
complied in all material respects with all covenants and agreements required
by the Agreement to be performed or complied with by Royal on or prior to the
date hereof.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand on this ___
day of _______________, 2003.     _____________________________________ 
Michael J. Merriman,  President and Chief Executive Officer  Royal Appliance
Mfg. Co.   EXHIBIT 3   TECHTRONIC INDUSTRIES CO. LTD   OFFICER\'S
CERTIFICATE   I, Horst J. Pudwill, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
TechTronic Industries Co., Ltd., a Hong Kong corporation ("Parent"), pursuant
to Section 6.3(b) of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December
___, 2002 (the "Agreement), among Royal Appliance Mfg. Co., RAMC Holdings,
Inc. and TIC Acquisition Corp., do hereby certify, on behalf of Parent and
solely in my capacity as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Parent, that
(i) the representations and warranties of Parent, Acquiror, and Merger Sub
set forth in Section 3.2 of the Agreement are true and correct both when made
(except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as
of such date), except where the failure of such representation and warranties
to be so true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to
materiality or "Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein) would not have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) Parent,
Acquiror, and Merger Sub have performed and have complied in all material
respects with all covenants and agreements required by the Agreement to be
performed or complied with by Parent, Acquiror, and Merger Sub on or prior to
the date hereof.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand on this
___ day of _______________, 2003.    
____________________________________  Horst J. Pudwill,  Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer  TechTronic Industries Co., Ltd.     '

