 ACQUISITION AGREEMENT   1   Exhibit
2.1   FINAL         STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT    relating to the
sale of    MandM; AEROSPACE HARDWARE, INC.    to    BE AEROSPACE,
INC    dated as of August 10, 2001  2  TABLE OF CONTENTS     Page 
~~   ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS  SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms .
1  SECTION 1.02. Definitions 8  SECTION 1.03. Interpretation and Rules of
Construction 9   ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE  SECTION 2.01. Purchase and
Sale of the Shares 10  SECTION 2.02. Purchase Price 10  SECTION 2.03.
Closing 10  SECTION 2.04. Closing Deliveries by the Sellers . 11  SECTION
2.05. Closing Deliveries by the Purchaser 11  SECTION 2.06. Escrow . 11  
ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLERS  SECTION 3.01.
Organization, Authority and Qualification of the Sellers 12  SECTION 3.02.
Organization, Authority and Qualification of the Company 12  SECTION 3.03.
Subsidiaries . 12  SECTION 3.04. Capitalization 13  SECTION 3.05.
Corporate Books and Records . 14  SECTION 3.06. No Conflict 14  SECTION
3.07. Governmental Consents and Approvals 15  SECTION 3.08. Financial
Information; Books and Records 15  SECTION 3.09. Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities 15    i  3   ~~  SECTION 3.10. Receivables 16  SECTION
3.11. Inventories 16  SECTION 3.12. Acquired Assets . 16  SECTION 3.13.
Conduct in the Ordinary Course; Absence of Certain Changes,  Events and
Conditions 16  SECTION 3.14. Litigation 18  SECTION 3.15. Compliance with
Laws 19  SECTION 3.16. Environmental and Other Permits and Licenses; Related
Matters 19  SECTION 3.17. Material Contracts . 20  SECTION 3.18.
Intellectual Property . 22  SECTION 3.19. Real Property 22  SECTION 3.20.
Assets . 24  SECTION 3.21. Customers . 24  SECTION 3.22. Suppliers .
24  SECTION 3.23. Employee Benefit Matters . 25  SECTION 3.24. Labor
Matters 26  SECTION 3.25. Taxes 26  SECTION 3.26. Insurance .
28  SECTION 3.27. Company Products 28  SECTION 3.28. Individual Property
28  SECTION 3.29. Brokers 28   ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE PURCHASER  SECTION 4.01. Organization and Authority of the Purchaser
28  SECTION 4.02. No Conflict 29    ii  4   ~~  SECTION 4.03.
Governmental Consents and Approvals 29  SECTION 4.04. Information Concerning
the Company 29  SECTION 4.05. Investment Purpose . 30  SECTION 4.06.
Litigation 30  SECTION 4.07. SEC Documents 30  SECTION 4.08.
Capitalization 30  SECTION 4.09. Authorization of Purchaser Common Stock .
31  SECTION 4.10. Financing . 31  SECTION 4.11. Brokers 31   ARTICLE V
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  SECTION 5.01. Conduct of Business Prior to the
Closing 31  SECTION 5.02. Access to Information . 32  SECTION 5.03.
Confidentiality . 32  SECTION 5.04. Regulatory and Other Authorizations;
Notices and Consents . 33  SECTION 5.05. Notice of Developments
34  SECTION 5.06. No Solicitation or Negotiation . 34  SECTION 5.07. Non-
Competition . 35  SECTION 5.08. Release of Indemnity Obligations
36  SECTION 5.09. Registration of Shares 36  SECTION 5.10. Retention
Bonuses 36  SECTION 5.11. Exchange Act Reports 36  SECTION 5.12.
Termination of Shareholder Agreement . 36  SECTION 5.13. Resignation of
Directors and Officers 36    iii  5   ~~  SECTION 5.14. Retained
Tickets 37  SECTION 5.15. Further Action 37   ARTICLE VI EMPLOYEE
MATTERS  SECTION 6.01. Employee Benefits Matters 37   ARTICLE VII TAX
MATTERS  SECTION 7.01. Indemnity . 38  SECTION 7.02. Tax Returns and
Payments . 39  SECTION 7.03. Contests 40  SECTION 7.04. Time of Payment .
41  SECTION 7.05. Cooperation and Exchange of Information . 41  SECTION
7.06. Conveyance Taxes 41  SECTION 7.07. Section 338(h)(10) Election .
42  SECTION 7.08. Miscellaneous 42   ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS TO
CLOSING  SECTION 8.01. Conditions to Obligations of the Sellers
43  SECTION 8.02. Conditions to Obligations of the Purchaser . 44  
ARTICLE IX INDEMNIFICATION  SECTION 9.01. Survival of Representations and
Warranties . 45  SECTION 9.02. Indemnification by the Principal Sellers
45  SECTION 9.03. Indemnification by the Purchaser 47  SECTION 9.04.
Limits on Indemnification 48  SECTION 9.05. Distributions from Escrow Fund .
48  SECTION 9.06. Tax Matters 49    iv  6   ~~  SECTION 9.07.
Sellers\' Representative; Approval of Sellers 49  SECTION 9.08. Other
Indemnity Matters 50   ARTICLE X TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND
WAIVER  SECTION 10.01. Termination . 50  SECTION 10.02. Effect of
Termination 51  SECTION 10.03. Amendment 51  SECTION 10.04. Waiver 51  
ARTICLE XI GENERAL PROVISIONS  SECTION 11.01. Expenses . 51  SECTION
11.02. Notices 51  SECTION 11.03. Public Announcements . 52  SECTION
11.04. Severability 52  SECTION 11.05. Entire Agreement 53  SECTION 11.06.
Assignment 53  SECTION 11.07. No Third Party Beneficiaries 53  SECTION
11.08. Governing Law 53  SECTION 11.09. Waiver of Jury Trial . 53  SECTION
11.10. Headings . 54  SECTION 11.11. Counterparts 54  SECTION 11.12.
Concerning the Trustees . 54    v  7 EXHIBITS    ~~  1.01A Employment
Agreements  1.01B Form of Standstill and Voting Agreement  2.02(a)
Allocation of Purchase Price  2.02(b) Adjustment Amount  2.02(c)
Individual Property and Tickets  2.06 Form of Escrow Agreement  8.01 Form
of Opinion of Purchaser\'s Counsel  8.02 Form of Opinion of Sellers\'
Counsel  8.02(d) Consents and Approvals    vi  8 DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE   The Disclosure Schedule shall include the following
Sections:    ~~  3.02 Organization, Authority and Qualification of the
Company  3.03(a) Subsidiaries  3.04 Capitalization  3.06 No
Conflict  3.07 Governmental Consents and Approvals  3.09 Undisclosed
Liabilities  3.10 Receivables  3.11 Inventories  3.12 Acquired
Assets  3.13 Conduct in the Ordinary Course; Absence of Certain Changes, 
Events and Conditions  3.14 Litigation  3.15 Compliance with Laws  3.16
Environmental and Other Permits and Licenses; Related Matters  3.17 Material
Contracts  3.18 Intellectual Property  3.19 Real Property  3.20
Assets  3.21 Customers  3.22 Suppliers  3.23 Employee Benefit
Matters  3.24 Labor Matters    vii  9   ~~  3.25 Taxes  5.01
Conduct of Business Prior to the Closing    viii  10  STOCK PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of August 10, 2001, among Paul
Mittentag, Adrianne Mittentag, Paul Mittentag 1997 6-Year GRAT, Paul
Mittentag 1997 8-Year GRAT, Paul Mittentag 2000 8-Year GRAT, Adrianne
Mittentag 1997 8-Year GRAT, Adrianne Mittentag 2000 8-Year GRAT and Adrianne
Mittentag 1997 10-Year GRAT (collectively, the "Principal Sellers"), Stuart
Mittentag, Mark Mittentag, David Leshner and Jennifer Leshner (collectively,
the "Secondary Sellers" and, together with the Principal Sellers, the
"Sellers") and BE Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Purchaser").   WHEREAS, the Sellers own all the issued and outstanding
shares (the "Shares") of common stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Common
Stock"), of MandM; Aerospace Hardware, Inc., a Florida corporation (the
"Company");   WHEREAS, the Sellers desire to sell the Shares and
the Purchasers desire to purchase the Shares, in each case, on the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and   WHEREAS, the Persons
listed in Exhibit 1.01A hereto have entered into the employment agreements
set forth in Exhibit 1.01A hereto (the "Employment Agreements").   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements and
covenants hereinafter set forth, the Sellers and the Purchaser hereby agree
as follows:   ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS   SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined
Terms. For purposes of this Agreement:   "Action" means any claim, action,
suit, arbitration, inquiry, proceeding or investigation by or before any
Governmental Authority.   "Affiliate" means, with respect to any specified
Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such specified Person.   "Ancillary Agreements" means the Escrow Agreement
and the Standstill and Voting Agreement.   "Business Day" means any day
that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or
authorized by Law to be closed in The City of New York.   "CERCLA" means
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of
1980, as amended through the Closing Date.   "CERCLIS" means the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information
System, as updated through the Closing Date.  11  "Claims" means any and
all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, petitions,
appeals, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or
violation, investigations, proceedings, consent orders or consent
agreements.   "Closing Date Company Debt" means the aggregate
Indebtedness of the Company and the Subsidiaries for borrowed money as of the
Closing Date including, without limitation, the Company Credit Agreement and
any interest rate swap agreement entered into in connection therewith.  
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended through the date
hereof.   "Company Credit Agreement" means the $80,000,000 credit agreement
dated June 30, 2003 among the Company, First Union National Bank and other
banks party thereto.   "Company Intellectual Property" means Intellectual
Property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary.   "Company IP Agreements"
means (a) licenses of Intellectual Property by the Company or any Subsidiary
to any third party, (b) licenses of Intellectual Property by any third party
to the Company or any Subsidiary, (c) agreements between the Company or any
Subsidiary and any third party relating to the development or use of
Intellectual Property, the development or transmission of data, or the use,
modification, framing, linking, advertisement, or other practices with
respect to Internet Web sites, and (d) consents, settlements, decrees,
orders, injunctions, judgments or rulings governing the use, validity or
enforceability of Company Intellectual Property.   "control" (including the
terms "controlled by" and "under common control with"), with respect to the
relationship between or among two or more Persons, means the possession,
directly or indirectly or as trustee, personal representative or executor, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, as trustee,
personal representative or executor, by contract, credit arrangement or
otherwise.   "Disclosure Schedule" means the Disclosure Schedule
attached hereto, dated as of the date hereof, delivered by the Sellers to the
Purchaser in connection with this Agreement.   "Encumbrance" means any
security interest, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, lien (including, without
limitation, environmental and tax liens), violation, charge, lease, license,
encumbrance, servient easement, adverse claim, reversion, reverter,
preferential arrangement, restrictive covenant, condition or restriction of
any kind, including, without limitation, any restriction on the use, voting,
transfer, receipt of income or other exercise of any attributes of
ownership.   "Environment" means surface waters, groundwaters,
soil, subsurface strata and ambient air.   2  12  "Environmental Claims"
means any Claims relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any
Environmental Permit, including, without limitation, (a) any and all Claims
by Governmental Authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response,
remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental
Law and (b) any and all Claims by any Person seeking damages, contribution,
indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief resulting
from Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury
to health, safety or the Environment.   "Environmental Laws" means all Laws,
now or hereafter in effect and as amended, and any judicial or administrative
interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order,
consent decree or judgment, relating to the environment, health, safety,
natural resources or Hazardous Materials, including, without limitation,
CERCLA; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et
seq.; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 6901 et
seq.; the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et seq.; the Toxic
Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.; the Clean Air Act, 42
U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. Section
300f et seq.; the Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 2011 et seq.; the
Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. Section 136 et
seq.; and the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. Section 301 et
seq.   "Environmental Permits" means all permits, approvals, identification
numbers, licenses and other authorizations required under or issued pursuant
to any applicable Environmental Law.   "Escrow Agent" means The Bank of New
York or such other escrow agent as to which the Sellers\' Representative and
the Purchaser agree.   "Escrow Amount" means $25,000,000.   "Escrow Fund"
means the Escrow Amount deposited with the Escrow Agent.   "Governmental
Authority" means any United States or non-United States federal, national,
supranational, state, provincial, local, or similar government, governmental,
regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or any court,
tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body.   "Governmental Order" means any
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or
award entered by or with any Governmental Authority.   "Hazardous
Materials" means (a) petroleum and petroleum products, radioactive materials,
asbestos-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation,
transformers or other equipment that contain polychlorinated biphenyls and
radon gas, (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances defined as or
included in the definition of "hazardous substances", "hazardous wastes",
"hazardous materials", "extremely hazardous wastes", "restricted hazardous
wastes", "toxic substances", "toxic pollutants", "contaminants" or
"pollutants", or words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental
Law, and (c) any other chemical, material or substance which is regulated by
any Environmental Law.   3  13  "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   "Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person,
(a) all indebtedness of such Person, whether or not contingent, for borrowed
money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of
property or services, (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes,
bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness created
or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with
respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and
remedies of the sellers or lender under such agreement in the event of
default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all
obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that have been or should
be, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (f) all
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person under acceptances,
letters of credit or similar facilities, (g) all obligations of such Person
to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any
capital stock of such Person or any warrants, rights or options to acquire
such capital stock, valued, in the case of redeemable preferred stock, at the
greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued
and unpaid dividends, (h) all indebtedness of others referred to in clauses
(a) through (g) above guaranteed directly or indirectly in any manner by such
Person, and (i) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above
secured by (or for which the holder of such indebtedness has an existing
right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Encumbrance on property
(including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such
Person.   "Indemnified Party" means a Purchaser Indemnified Party or
a Seller Indemnified Party, as the case may be.   "Indemnifying Party"
means the Sellers pursuant to Section 9.02 and the Purchaser pursuant to
Section 9.03, as the case may be.   "Intellectual Property" means (i)
patents, patent applications, and statutory invention registrations, (ii)
trademarks, service marks, domain names, trade dress, logos, trade names,
corporate names, and other identifiers of source or goodwill, including
registrations and applications for registration thereof, (iii) mask works and
copyrights, including copyrights in computer software, and registrations and
applications for registration thereof, and (iv) confidential and proprietary
information, including Trade Secrets, know-how and invention rights.  
"Inventories" means all inventory, merchandise, finished goods, and raw
materials, packaging, labels, supplies and other personal property related to
the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries and maintained, held or
stored by or for the Sellers, the Company or any Subsidiary on the Closing
Date, and any prepaid deposits for any of the same.   "IRS" means the
Internal Revenue Service of the United States.   "Law" means any United
States or non-United States federal, national, supranational, state,
provincial, local or similar statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code,
order, requirement or rule of law (including, without limitation, common
law).   4  14  "Leased Real Property" means the real property leased by
the Company or any Subsidiary, as tenant, together with, to the extent leased
by the Company or any Subsidiary, all buildings and other structures,
facilities or improvements currently or hereafter located thereon, all
fixtures, systems, equipment and items of personal property of the Company or
any Subsidiary attached or appurtenant thereto and all easements, licenses,
rights and appurtenances relating to the foregoing.   "Liabilities" means
any and all debts, liabilities and obligations, whether accrued or fixed,
absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured or determined or determinable,
including, without limitation, those arising under any Law (including,
without limitation, any Environmental Law), Action or Governmental Order and
those arising under any contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment or
undertaking.   "Licensed Intellectual Property" means Intellectual
Property licensed to the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to the Company IP
Agreements.   "Material Adverse Effect" means any circumstance, change in
or effect on the Company or any Subsidiary that, individually or in the
aggregate with all other circumstances, changes in or effects on the Company
or any Subsidiary is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the
business, operations, assets or liabilities (including, without limitation,
contingent liabilities), customer or supplier relationships, results of
operations or the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided, however, that "Material Adverse
Effect" shall not include any event, circumstance, change or effect arising
out of or attributable to general economic conditions or events,
circumstances, changes or effects affecting the securities markets
generally.   "Owned Real Property" means (a) the real property of
the Company or any Subsidiary, together with all buildings and other
structures, facilities or improvements currently or hereafter located
thereon, all fixtures, systems, equipment and items of personal property of
the Company or any Subsidiary attached or appurtenant thereto and all
easements, licenses, rights and appurtenances relating to the foregoing, and
(b) the real property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary, together with
all buildings and other structures, facilities or improvements currently or
hereafter located thereon, all fixtures, systems, equipment and items of
personal property of the Company or any Subsidiary attached or appurtenant
thereto and all easements, licenses, rights and appurtenances relating to the
foregoing.   "Permitted Encumbrances" means such of the following as
to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure
proceeding shall have been commenced: (a) liens for Taxes, assessments and
governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable; (b) Encumbrances
imposed by Law, such as materialmen\'s, mechanics\', carriers\', workmen\'s
and repairmen\'s liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course
of business securing obligations that (i) are not overdue for a period of
more than 30 days and (ii) are not in excess of $5,000 in the case of a
single property or $50,000 in the aggregate at any time; (c) pledges or
deposits to secure obligations under workers\' compensation laws or similar
legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations; and (d) minor
survey exceptions, reciprocal easement agreements and other customary
encumbrances on title to real property that (i) were not incurred   5 
15 in connection with any Indebtedness, (ii) do not render title to the
property encumbered thereby unmarketable and (iii) do not, individually or in
the aggregate, materially adversely affect the value of or the use of such
property for its current and anticipated purposes.   "Person" means any
individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company,
association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, as well as
any syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a person under section
13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   "Purchase
Price Bank Account" means a bank account in the United States to be
designated by the Sellers in a written notice to the Purchaser at least five
Business Days before the Closing.   "Purchaser Material Adverse Effect"
means any circumstance, change in or effect on the Purchaser or any of its
subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate with all other
circumstances, changes in or effects on the Purchaser or its subsidiaries is
or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, operations,
assets or liabilities (including, without limitation, contingent
liabilities), customer or supplier relationships, results of operations or
the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Purchaser and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole; provided, however, that "Purchaser Material Adverse Effect"
shall not include any event, circumstance, change or effect arising out of or
attributable to general economic conditions or events, circumstances, changes
or effects affecting the securities markets generally.   "Purchaser\'s
Accountants" means Deloitte and Touche LLP, independent accountants of the
Purchaser.   "Real Property" means the Leased Real Property and the
Owned Real Property.   "Receivables" means any and all accounts receivable,
notes and other amounts receivable from third parties, including, without
limitation, customers and employees, arising from the conduct of the business
of the Company before the Closing Date, whether or not in the ordinary
course, together with any unpaid financing charges accrued thereon.  
"Reference Balance Sheet" means the audited balance sheet of the Company
dated December 31, 2000.   "Reference Balance Sheet Date" means December 31,
2000.   "Regulations" means the Treasury Regulations (including Temporary
Regulations) promulgated by the United States Department of Treasury with
respect to the Code or other federal tax statutes.   "Release" means
disposing, discharging, injecting, spilling, leaking, leaching, dumping,
emitting, escaping, emptying, seeping, placing and the like into or upon any
land or water or air or otherwise entering into the Environment.   6  16 
"Remedial Action" means all action to (a) clean up, remove, treat or handle
in any other way Hazardous Materials in the Environment; (b) prevent the
Release of Hazardous Materials so that they do not migrate, endanger or
threaten to endanger public health or the Environment; or (c)
perform remedial investigations, feasibility studies, corrective actions,
closures and post-remedial or post-closure studies, investigations,
operations, maintenance and monitoring.   "Retention Agreements" means
those agreements which provide for the payment of retention bonuses due to
the employees or consultants of the Company and the Subsidiaries, and which
agreements have been entered into as of the date hereof between Paul
Mittentag and certain employees and consultants of the Company, copies of
which have been provided to the Purchaser.   "Sellers\' Accountants" means
PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, independent accountants of the Sellers.  
"Standstill and Voting Agreement" means the stockholders agreement
substantially in the form of Exhibit 1.01B.   "Subsidiaries" means MandM;
Aerospace Hardware SARL, MandM; Aerospace Hardware GmbH and MandM; Aerospace
Hardware Ltd., and any and all corporations, partnerships, limited liability
companies, joint ventures, associations and other entities controlled by the
Company.   "Swap Agreements" means the ISDA Master Agreement, dated
March 3, 1998 with First Union Bank of Florida and any other agreement
entered into in connection with swapping interest rates related to the
Company Credit Agreement.   "Tax" or "Taxes" means any and all taxes, fees,
levies, duties, tariffs, imposts, and other charges of any kind (together
with any and all interest, penalties, additions to tax and additional amounts
imposed with respect thereto) imposed by any government or taxing authority,
including, without limitation, taxes or other charges on or with respect to
income, franchises, windfall or other profits, gross receipts, property,
sales, use, capital stock, payroll, employment, social security, workers\'
compensation, unemployment compensation, or net worth; taxes or other charges
in the nature of excise, withholding, ad valorem, stamp, transfer, value
added, or gains taxes; license, registration and documentation fees; and
customs\' duties, tariffs, and similar charges.   "Trade Secrets" means
trade secrets, know-how and other confidential or proprietary technical,
business and other information, including manufacturing and production
processes and techniques, research and development information, technology,
drawings, specifications, designs, plans, proposals, technical data,
financial, marketing and business data, pricing and cost information,
business and marketing plans, customer and supplier lists and information,
and all rights in any jurisdiction to limit the use or
disclosure thereof.   "U.S. GAAP" means United States generally accepted
accounting principles and practices in effect from time to time applied
consistently throughout the periods involved.   7  17  SECTION 1.02.
Definitions. The following terms have the meanings set forth in the Sections
set forth below:     Definition Location  ~~   "Agreement" Preamble 
"Allocation" 7.07(b)  "Ancillary Lease Documents" 3.19(d)  "Assets" 3.20 
"Average Share Price" 2.02  "Cash Amount" 2.02(a)  "Closing" 2.03  "Closing
Date" 2.03  "Commission" 4.04  "Common Stock" Recitals  "Company"
Recitals  "Competing Business" 5.07  "Company Products" 3.27  "Election"
7.07(a)  "Employment Agreements" Recitals  "ERISA" 3.23(a)  "Escrow
Agreement" 2.06  "Exchange Act" 4.07  "Financial Statements" 3.08(a) 
"Individual Property" 2.02(c)  "Interim Financial Statements" 3.08(a) 
"Loss" 9.02(a)  "Material Contracts" 3.17(a)  "Options" 3.19(d)  "Plans"
3.23(a)  "Post-Closing Plans" 6.01(c)  "Preferred Stock" 4.08  "Principal
Sellers" Preamble  "Prior Service" 6.01(c)  "Purchase Price" 2.02 
"Purchaser" .Preamble  "Purchaser Common Stock" 2.02  "Purchaser Indemnified
Party" 9.02(a)  "Purchaser Plans" 4.08  "Purchaser SEC Documents" 4.07 
"Registration Statement" 4.07  "Restricted Period" 5.07(a)  "Secondary
Sellers" Preamble  "Securities Act" 4.07  "Sellers" Preamble  "Seller
Indemnified Party" 9.03(a)     8  18    Definition Location  ~~  
"Sellers\' Representative" 9.07(a)  "Settlement Date" 2.02(b)  "Shares"
Recitals  "Shareholder Agreement" 5.12  "Stock Consideration" 2.02(a)  "Tax
Returns" 3.25  "Third Party Claims" 9.02(b)  "Tickets" 2.02(c) 
"Transferred Employees" 6.01(a)  "WARN" 3.23(f)    SECTION 1.03.
Interpretation and Rules of Construction. In this Agreement, except to the
extent that the context otherwise requires:   (a) when a reference is made
in this Agreement to an Article,  Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such
reference is to an Article or  Section of, or a Schedule to, this Agreement
unless otherwise  indicated;   (b) the table of contents and headings for
this Agreement are  for reference purposes only and do not affect in any way
the meaning or  interpretation of this Agreement;   (c) whenever the words
"include", "includes" or "including"  are used in this Agreement, they are
deemed to be followed by the words  "without limitation";   (d) the words
"hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and words of  similar import, when used in
this Agreement, refer to this Agreement as  a whole and not to any particular
provision of this Agreement;   (e) the definitions contained in this
Agreement are applicable  to the singular as well as the plural forms of such
terms;   (f) any Law defined or referred to herein or in any agreement  or
instrument that is referred to herein means such Law or statute as  from time
to time amended, modified or supplemented, including by  succession of
comparable successor Laws;   (g) references to a Person are also to its
permitted  successors and assigns; and   (h) the use of "or" is not
intended to be exclusive unless  expressly indicated otherwise.   9  19 
ARTICLE II   PURCHASE AND SALE   SECTION 2.01. Purchase and Sale of the
Shares. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at
the Closing, the Sellers shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver, or
cause to be sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed and delivered, to the
Purchaser, the Shares, and the Purchaser shall purchase the Shares.  
SECTION 2.02. Purchase Price. (a) The purchase price (i) for the covenants
contained in Section 5.07 shall be equal to $2,000,000 and (ii) for the
Shares shall be an amount equal to (x) $150,000,000 minus the Closing Date
Company Debt (collectively, the amounts in subsections (i) and (ii)(x) above
are referred to herein as the "Cash Amount"), plus (y) the Escrow Amount plus
(z) the Adjustment Amount (as defined in Exhibit 2.02(b)) (collectively, the
"Purchase Price"). The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase Price by
(i) delivering to the Escrow Agent pursuant to the Escrow Agreement on the
Closing Date that number of shares (the "Stock Consideration") of the
Purchaser\'s common stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Purchaser Common
Stock"), such that the product of the Stock Consideration and the average of
the per share closing prices as reported on the NASDAQ National Market System
of shares of Purchaser Common Stock for the eight consecutive trading days
ending on (and including) the first trading day immediately preceding the
Closing Date (the "Average Share Price") is equal to $48,000,000 and (ii)
delivering to the Sellers, in accordance with Exhibit 2.02(a), $152,000,000
in cash.   (b) The Adjustment Amount shall be determined in accordance with
the procedures set forth on Exhibit 2.02(b). On the date that the Adjustment
Amount is finally determined without regard to any further adjustment for
pending construction litigation referred to in Exhibit 2.02(b)
(the "Settlement Date"), the Escrow Agent shall release from the Escrow Fund
the Adjustment Amount pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the
Escrow Agreement.   (c) Set forth on subsection (i) of Exhibit 2.02(c)
hereto is a list of certain personal property of the Principal Sellers which
is kept at the Company\'s offices (the "Individual Property") and ticket
rights to sporting events (the "Tickets"), in each case, held beneficially by
the Principal Sellers. The parties acknowledge and agree that following the
Closing the Principal Sellers shall remain the owners of the Individual
Property and, subject to Section 5.14, the Tickets, in each case, which they
may remove from the Company\'s facilities at any time or which they may
transfer to their own names, as applicable.   SECTION 2.03. Closing.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the sale and purchase
of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement shall take place at a closing
(the "Closing") to be held at the offices of Stearns Weaver Miller Weissler
Alhadeff and Sitterson, P.A., Museum Tower, 150 West Flagler Street, Miami,
Florida 33130 at 10:00 A.M. Miami time on the fifth Business Day following
the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the obligations of the
parties set forth in Sections 8.01(b) and Sections 8.02(b) and (d) or at such
other place or at such other time or on such other date as the Sellers\'
Representative and the Purchaser may   10  20 mutually agree upon in
writing (the day on which the Closing takes place being the "Closing Date").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser and the Sellers agree that the
Purchaser intends, for financial reporting purposes, to treat the Closing and
transfer of effective control of the Company as if it had occurred on the
date hereof.   SECTION 2.04. Closing Deliveries by the Sellers. At
the Closing, the Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the
Purchaser:   (a) stock certificates evidencing the Shares duly endorsed in 
blank, or accompanied by stock powers duly executed in blank, in form 
satisfactory to the Purchaser and with all required stock transfer tax 
stamps affixed;   (b) a receipt for the Cash Amount; and   (c) the
opinions, certificates and other documents required to  be delivered pursuant
to Section 8.02   SECTION 2.05. Closing Deliveries by the Purchaser. (a) At
the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Sellers:   (i) the Cash
Amount by wire transfer in immediately  available funds to the Purchase Price
Bank Account; and   (ii) the certificates and other documents required to
be  delivered pursuant to Section 8.01.   (b) At the Closing, the Purchaser
shall deliver to the Escrow Agent, in accordance with the Escrow Agreement,
stock certificates evidencing the Stock Consideration registered in the names
of the Sellers or their respective nominees and in form satisfactory to the
Purchaser and the Escrow Agent and with all required stock transfer tax
stamps affixed.   SECTION 2.06. Escrow. Prior to the Closing, the Sellers
and the Purchaser shall enter into an Escrow Agreement with the Escrow
Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.06 (the "Escrow Agreement").
In accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement, the Purchaser shall
deposit the Stock Consideration to be held and paid out by the Escrow Agent
in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement.   11  21  ARTICLE
III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  OF THE SELLERS   As an inducement
to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement, the Principal Sellers and
(with respect to Section 3.01 and the seventh and eighth sentences of Section
3.04 only) the Secondary Sellers hereby represent and warrant to the
Purchaser as follows:   SECTION 3.01. Organization, Authority and
Qualification of the Sellers. If such Seller is a trust it is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its formation and has all necessary power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and thereby. If such Seller is an individual such Seller has
the capacity to enter into this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, to
carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and thereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements by such Seller, the
performance by such Seller of his, her or its obligations hereunder and
thereunder and the consummation by such Seller of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and thereby have been duly authorized by all
requisite action on the part of such Seller. This Agreement has been, and
upon their execution the Ancillary Agreements shall have been, duly executed
and delivered by such Seller, and (assuming due authorization, execution and
delivery by the Purchaser) this Agreement constitutes, and upon their
execution the Ancillary Agreements shall constitute, legal, valid and binding
obligations of such Seller, enforceable against such Seller in accordance
with their respective terms.   SECTION 3.02. Organization, Authority and
Qualification of the Company. The Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation and has all necessary power and authority to own, operate
or lease the properties and assets now owned, operated or leased by it and to
carry on the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries as it has been and
is currently conducted. The Company is duly licensed or qualified to do
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the properties
owned or leased by it or the operation of its business makes such licensing
or qualification necessary and all such jurisdictions are set forth in
Section 3.02 of the Disclosure Schedule except for such failures as would not
be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. All corporate actions
taken by the Company have been duly authorized or ratified by any necessary
corporate action, and the Company has not taken any action that in any
respect conflicts, that constitutes a default under or results in a violation
of any provision of its Articles of Incorporation or By-laws. True and
correct copies of the Articles of Incorporation and By-laws of the Company,
each as in effect on the date hereof, have been delivered by the Sellers to
the Purchaser.   SECTION 3.03. Subsidiaries. (a) Section 3.03(a) of
the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all
Subsidiaries, listing for each Subsidiary its name, type of entity, the
jurisdiction and date of its incorporation or organization, its authorized
capital stock,   12  22 partnership capital or equivalent, the number and
type of its issued and outstanding shares of capital stock, partnership
interests or similar ownership interests and the current ownership of such
shares, partnership interests or similar ownership interests.   (b) Other
than the Subsidiaries, there are no other corporations, partnerships, joint
ventures, associations or other entities in which the Company or any
Subsidiary owns, of record or beneficially, any direct or indirect equity or
other interest or any right (contingent or otherwise) to acquire the same.
Other than the Subsidiaries, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a
member of any partnership nor is the Company or any Subsidiary a participant
in any joint venture or similar arrangement.   (c) Each Subsidiary that is a
corporation: (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, (ii) has
all necessary power and authority to own, operate or lease the properties and
assets owned, operated or leased by such Subsidiary and to carry on its
business as it has been and is currently conducted by such Subsidiary and
(iii) is duly licensed or qualified to do business and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction in which the properties owned or leased by it or the
operation of its business makes such licensing or qualification necessary
except for such failures as would not be reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Each Subsidiary that is not a corporation: (i) is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of organization, (ii) has all necessary power and authority to
own, operate or lease the properties and assets owned, operated or leased by
such Subsidiary and to carry on its business as it has been and is currently
conducted by such Subsidiary and (iii) is duly licensed or qualified to do
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the properties
owned or leased by it or the operation of its business makes such licensing
or qualification necessary except for such failures as would not
be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (d) All corporate
actions taken by each Subsidiary have been duly authorized or ratified by any
necessary corporate action and no Subsidiary has taken any action that in any
respect conflicts with, constitutes a default under or results in a violation
of any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws (or similar
organizational documents). True and complete copies of the Certificate of
Incorporation and By-laws (or similar organizational documents), in each case
as in effect on the date hereof, of each Subsidiary have been delivered by
the Sellers to the Purchaser.   SECTION 3.04. Capitalization. (a) The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000 Shares of Common
Stock. As of the date hereof, 100,000 shares of Common Stock are issued and
outstanding, all of which are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
None of the issued and outstanding Shares of Common Stock was issued in
violation of any preemptive rights. There are no options, warrants,
convertible securities or other rights, agreements, arrangements or
commitments of any character relating to the Shares or obligating either the
Sellers or the Company to issue or sell any Shares, or any other interest in,
the Company. There are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company
to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Shares of Common Stock or to
provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in, any other Person. The Shares constitute all of
the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company. Such Seller   13 
23 owns his, her or its Shares of record and beneficially free and clear of
all Encumbrances. Upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and registration of such Seller\'s Shares in the name of the
Purchaser in the stock records of the Company, the Purchaser, assuming it
shall have purchased such Shares for value in good faith and without notice
of any adverse claim, will own such Shares free and clear of all
Encumbrances. Upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Shares will be fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.04, there are no voting trusts, stockholder agreements,
proxies or other agreements or understandings in effect with respect to the
voting or transfer of any of the Shares.   (b) The stock register of the
Company accurately records: (i) the name and address of each Person owning
shares and (ii) the certificate number of each certificate evidencing shares
of capital stock issued by the Company, the number of shares evidenced by
each such certificate, the date of issuance thereof and, in the case of
cancellation, the date of cancellation.   (c) All the outstanding shares of
capital stock of each Subsidiary that is a corporation are validly issued,
fully paid, nonassessable and, except with respect to wholly owned
Subsidiaries, free of preemptive rights and are owned by the Company, whether
directly or indirectly, free and clear of all Encumbrances. There are no
options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights, agreements,
arrangements or commitments of any character relating to the capital stock of
any Subsidiary or obligating the Sellers, the Company or any Subsidiary to
issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or any other interest in, any
Subsidiary. There are no voting trusts, stockholder agreements, proxies or
other agreements or understandings in effect with respect to the voting or
transfer of any shares of capital stock of or any other interests in any
Subsidiary.   SECTION 3.05. Corporate Books and Records. The minute books
of the Company and the Subsidiaries contain accurate records of all meetings
and accurately reflect all other actions taken by the stockholders, Boards
of Directors and all committees of the Boards of Directors of the Company and
the Subsidiaries. Complete and accurate copies of all such minute books and
of the stock register of the Company and each Subsidiary have been provided
by the Sellers to the Purchaser.   SECTION 3.06. No Conflict. Assuming that
all consents, approvals, authorizations and other actions described in
Section 3.07 have been obtained and all filings and notifications listed in
Section 3.07 of the Disclosure Schedule have been made, the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements by
the Sellers do not and will not (a) violate, conflict with or result in the
breach of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or by-laws or the
trust agreements (or similar organizational documents) of each Seller (if
applicable), the Company or any Subsidiary, (b) conflict with or violate (or
cause an event which could have a Material Adverse Effect as a result of )
any Law or Governmental Order applicable to the Sellers, the Company, any
Subsidiary or any of their respective assets, properties or businesses, or
(c) except as set forth on Section 3.06 of the Disclosure Schedule conflict
with, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or event which with the
giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default) under,
require any consent under, or   14  24 give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration, suspension, revocation or cancellation
of, or result in the creation of any Encumbrance on any of the Shares
pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage or indenture, contract, agreement,
lease, sublease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument
or arrangement to which the Sellers, the Company or any Subsidiary is a party
or by which any of the Shares or any of such assets or properties is bound
or affected, in each case, as would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   SECTION 3.07. Governmental Consents and
Approvals. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each
Ancillary Agreement by the Sellers do not and will not require any consent,
approval, authorization or other order of, action by, filing with or
notification to, any Governmental Authority except (a) as described in
Section 3.07 of the Disclosure Schedule and (b) the notification requirements
of the HSR Act.   SECTION 3.08. Financial Information; Books and Records.
(a) (i) True and complete copies of (A) the audited consolidated balance
sheet of the Company for each of the three fiscal years ended as of December
31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, and the related audited consolidated statements of
income, retained earnings and cash flows of the Company, together with all
related notes and schedules thereto, accompanied by the reports thereon of
the Sellers\' Accountants (collectively referred to herein as the "Financial
Statements") and (B) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company
as of June 30, 2001, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of
income, retained earnings and cash flows of the Company, together with all
related notes and schedules thereto (collectively referred to herein as the
"Interim Financial Statements") have been delivered by the Sellers to the
Purchaser. (ii) The Financial Statements and the Interim Financial Statements
(A) were prepared in accordance with the books of account and other financial
records of the Company and the Subsidiaries, (B) present fairly the
consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and
the Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof or for the periods covered thereby,
and (C) have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP applied on a basis
consistent with the past practices of the Company and the Subsidiaries other
than the absence of footnotes with respect to the Interim Financial
Statements and (D) include all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring accruals) that are necessary for a fair presentation of the
consolidated financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries and the
results of the operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof or for the periods covered thereby.   (b) The books of account and
other financial records of the Company and the Subsidiaries are in all
material respects complete and correct and do not contain or reflect any
material inaccuracies or discrepancies.   SECTION 3.09. Absence of
Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth on Section 3.09 of the
Disclosure Schedule, there are no Liabilities of the Company or any
Subsidiary, other than Liabilities (a) reflected or reserved against on the
Reference Balance Sheet or in the footnotes thereto or (b) incurred since the
date of the Reference Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business,
consistent with past practice, of the Company and the Subsidiaries and which
do not and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   15  25  SECTION 3.10. Receivables. Section 3.10 of the
Disclosure Schedule is an aged list of the Receivables as of June 30, 2001
showing separately those Receivables that as of such date had been
outstanding for (a) 35 days or less, (b) 36 to 60 days, (c) 61 to 90 days and
(d) more than 91 days. Except to the extent, if any, reserved for on the
Reference Balance Sheet, all Receivables arose from, and the Receivables
existing on the Closing Date will have arisen from, the sale of Inventories
or services to Persons not affiliated with the Sellers, the Company or any
Subsidiary and in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and, except as reserved against on the Reference Balance Sheet,
constitute or will constitute, as the case may be, only valid, undisputed
claims of the Company or a Subsidiary not subject to valid claims of setoff
or other defenses or counterclaims other than normal cash discounts accrued
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   SECTION
3.11. Inventories. Except as set forth on Section 3.11 of the Disclosure
Schedule, subject to amounts reserved therefor on the Reference Balance
Sheet, the values at which all Inventories are carried on the Reference
Balance Sheet reflect the historical inventory valuation policy of
the Company and the Subsidiaries of stating such Inventories at the lower of
cost (determined on an average cost basis) and market value and all
Inventories are valued such that the Company and the Subsidiaries, subject to
periodic changes in market conditions, are expected to generate customary
gross margins. The Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, has good and
marketable title to the Inventories free and clear of all Encumbrances. The
Inventories do not consist of, in any material amount, items that are
obsolete or damaged. The Inventories do not consist of any items held on
consignment. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is under any obligation
or liability with respect to accepting returns of items of Inventory or
merchandise in the possession of their customers other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice. No clearance or
extraordinary sale of the Inventories has been conducted since the Reference
Balance Sheet Date. Except as set forth on Section 3.11 of the Disclosure
Schedule, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has acquired or committed to
acquire or manufacture Inventory for sale which is not of a quality and
quantity usable in the ordinary course of business within a reasonable period
of time and consistent with past practice, nor has the Company or any
Subsidiary changed the price of any Inventory except for (a) price reductions
to reflect any reduction in the cost thereof to the Company or
such Subsidiary, (b) reductions and increases responsive to normal
competitive conditions and consistent with the Sellers\', the Company\'s or
such Subsidiary\'s past sales practices and (c) increases to reflect any
increase in the cost thereof to the Company or such Subsidiary. The
Inventories are in good and merchantable condition in all material respects,
are suitable and usable for the purposes for which they are intended and are
in a condition such that they can reasonably be expected to be sold in the
ordinary course of the business consistent with past practice.   SECTION
3.12. Acquired Assets. Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the Disclosure
Schedule, since the Reference Balance Sheet Date, all the Assets have been
acquired for consideration not less or greater than the fair market value of
such Assets at the date of such acquisition.   SECTION 3.13. Conduct in the
Ordinary Course; Absence of Certain Changes, Events and Conditions. Since the
Reference Balance Sheet Date, except as set forth in Section   16 
26 3.13 of the Disclosure Schedule, the business of the Company and
the Subsidiaries has been conducted in the ordinary course and consistent
with past practice. As amplification and not limitation of the foregoing,
except as set forth in Section 3.13 of the Disclosure Schedule, since the
Reference Balance Sheet Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has:  
(a) permitted or allowed any of the assets or properties  (whether tangible
or intangible) of the Company or any Subsidiary to be  subjected to any
Encumbrance, other than Permitted Encumbrances and  Encumbrances that will be
released at or prior to the Closing;   (b) except in the ordinary course of
business consistent with  past practice, discharged or otherwise obtained the
release of any  Encumbrance or paid or otherwise discharged any Liability
related to  the Company or the Subsidiaries, other than current liabilities 
reflected on the Reference Balance Sheet and current liabilities  incurred in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past  practice since the
Reference Balance Sheet Date;   (c) written down or written up (or failed to
write down or  write up in accordance with U.S. GAAP consistent with past
practice)  the value of any Inventories or Receivables other than in the
ordinary  course of business consistent with past practice and in accordance
with  U.S. GAAP;   (d) made any change in any method of accounting or
accounting  practice or policy used by the Company or any Subsidiary, other
than  such changes required by U.S. GAAP;   (e) sold, transferred, leased,
subleased, licensed or  otherwise disposed of any properties or assets, real,
personal or mixed  (including, without limitation, leasehold interests and
intangible  property), other than the sale of Inventories in the ordinary
course of  business consistent with past practice;   (f) issued or sold any
capital stock, notes, bonds or other  securities, or any option, warrant or
other right to acquire the same,  of the Company or any Subsidiary;   (g)
redeemed any of the capital stock or declared, made or  paid any dividends or
distributions (whether in cash, securities or  other property) to the holders
of capital stock of the Company or any  Subsidiary or otherwise, other than
dividends, distributions and  redemptions declared, made or paid by any
Subsidiary solely to the  Company;   (h) merged with, entered into a
consolidation with or acquired  an interest of 5% or more in any Person or
acquired a substantial  portion of the assets or business of any Person or
any division or line  of business thereof, or otherwise acquired any material
assets other  than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;   (i) made any capital expenditure or commitment for any capital 
expenditure in excess of $10,000;   17  27  (j) made, revoked or changed
any express or deemed Tax  election or method of Tax accounting, or settled
or compromised any  liability with respect to Taxes of the Company or any
Subsidiary;   (k) incurred any Indebtedness in excess of $100,000, except 
pursuant to the Company Credit Agreement;   (l) made any loan to, guaranteed
any Indebtedness of or  otherwise incurred any Indebtedness on behalf of any
Person;   (m) except for increases in the ordinary course of business to 
employees whose annual compensation does not exceed $80,000, (i)  granted any
increase, or announced any increase, in the wages,  salaries, compensation,
bonuses, incentives, pension or other benefits  payable by the Company or any
Subsidiary to any of its employees,  including, without limitation, any
increase or change pursuant to any  Plan, or (ii) established or increased or
promised to increase any  benefits under any Plan, in either case except as
required by Law or  any collective bargaining agreement or involving ordinary
increases  consistent with the past practices of the Company or such
Subsidiary;   (n) terminated, discontinued, closed or disposed of any
plant,  facility or other business operation, laid off any employees (other 
than layoffs of less than 25 employees in any six-month period in the 
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), implemented  any
early retirement, separation or program providing early retirement  window
benefits within the meaning of Section 1.401(a)-4 of the  Treasury
Regulations or announced or planned any such action or program  for the
future;   (o) disclosed any secret or confidential Intellectual Property 
(except by way of issuance of a patent) or permitted to lapse or become 
abandoned any Intellectual Property (or any registration or grant  thereof or
any application relating thereto) to which, or under which,  the Company or
any Subsidiary has any right, title, interest or  license;   (p) suffered
any Material Adverse Effect; or   (q) agreed, whether in writing or
otherwise, to take any of  the actions specified in this Section 3.13, except
as expressly  contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements.   SECTION 3.14. Litigation. Except as set forth in Section
3.14 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no Actions by or against the
Company or any Subsidiary (or by or against the Sellers or any Affiliates
thereof and relating to the Company or any Subsidiary) pending before any
Governmental Authority (or, to the best knowledge of the Sellers after due
inquiry, threatened to be brought by or before any Governmental Authority).
None of the matters set forth in Section 3.14 of the Disclosure Schedule has
or has had a Material Adverse Effect or could affect the legality, validity
or enforceability of this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
thereby.   18  28  SECTION 3.15. Compliance with Laws. (a) Except as (i)
set forth in Section 3.15(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, (ii) would not
adversely affect the ability of the Sellers to carry out their obligations
under, and to consummate the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements, (iii) would not adversely affect the ability of the
Company and the Subsidiaries to conduct their business or (iv) would not
otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and the Subsidiaries
have each conducted and continue to conduct their business in accordance with
all Laws and Governmental Orders applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary
or any of their properties or assets, and neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation of any such Law or Governmental Order.   (b)
Section 3.15(b) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a brief description of
each Governmental Order applicable to the Company, any Subsidiary or any of
their properties or assets, and no such Governmental Order has or has had a
Material Adverse Effect or could affect the legality, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
thereby.   SECTION 3.16. Environmental and Other Permits and
Licenses; Related Matters. (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the
Disclosure Schedule:   (i) The Company and each Subsidiary is in material
compliance  with, and for the past three years has been in material
compliance  with, all applicable Environmental Laws and all Environmental
Permits.  All past noncompliance with Environmental Laws or Environmental
Permits  has been resolved without any pending, ongoing or future
obligation,  cost or liability, and there is no requirement proposed for
adoption or  implementation under any Environmental Law or Environmental
Permit.   (ii) There are no underground or above ground storage tanks or 
any surface impoundments, septic tanks, pits, sumps or lagoons in which 
Hazardous Materials are being or have been treated, stored or disposed  of on
any of the Real Property or, during the period of the Company\'s  or any
Subsidiary\'s ownership, lease, use or occupancy thereof, on any  property
formerly owned, leased, used or occupied by the Company or any 
Subsidiary.   (iii) There has been no Release of any Hazardous Material in 
violation of applicable Laws or the rights of third parties on any of  the
Real Property or, during the period of the Company\'s or any  Subsidiary\'s
ownership, lease, use or occupancy thereof, on any  property formerly owned,
leased, used or occupied by the Company or any  Subsidiary.   (iv) Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is conducting,  and none of them has
undertaken or completed, any Remedial Action  relating to any Release or
threatened Release of any Hazardous Material  at the Real Property or at any
other site, location or operation,  either voluntarily or pursuant to the
order of any Governmental  Authority or the requirements of any Environmental
Law or Environmental  Permit.   19  29  (v) There is no asbestos or
asbestos-containing material on  any of the Real Property.   (vi) None of
the Real Property is listed or proposed for  listing, or adjoins any other
property that is listed or proposed for  listing, on the National Priorities
List or CERCLIS or on any analogous  federal, state or local list.   (vii)
There are no Environmental Claims pending or threatened  against the Company,
any Subsidiary or the Real Property, and there are  no circumstances that can
reasonably be expected to form the basis of  any such Environmental Claim,
including, without limitation, with  respect to any off-site disposal
location presently or formerly used by  the Company or any Subsidiary or any
of its predecessors or with  respect to previously owned or operated
facilities.   (viii) There are no wetlands or any areas subject to any
legal  requirement or restriction in any way related to wetlands
(including,  without limitation, requirements or restrictions related to
buffer or  transition areas or open waters) at or affecting the Real
Property.   (b) The Sellers have provided the Purchaser with copies of
(i) any environmental assessment or audit reports or other similar studies
or analyses relating to the Real Property, the Company or any Subsidiary, and
(ii) all insurance policies issued at any time that may provide coverage to
the Company or any Subsidiary for environmental matters.   (c) Neither the
execution of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements nor the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or thereby will require
any Remedial Action or notice to or consent of Governmental Authorities or
third parties pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law or Environmental
Permit.   SECTION 3.17. Material Contracts. (a) Section 3.17(a) of
the Disclosure Schedule lists each of the following contracts and
agreements (including, without limitation, oral agreements) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries (such contracts and agreements, together with all
contracts, agreements, leases and subleases concerning the use, occupancy,
management or operation of any Real Property including, without limitation,
all contracts, agreements, leases and subleases listed or otherwise set forth
in Section 3.19(d) of the Disclosure Schedule, all Company IP Agreements
listed or otherwise set forth in Section 3.18(a) of the Disclosure Schedule,
and all contracts, agreements, leases and subleases relating to personal
property, being "Material Contracts"):   (i) each contract, agreement,
invoice, purchase order and  other arrangement, for the purchase of
Inventory, spare parts, other  materials or personal property, with any
supplier or for the furnishing  of services to the Company or any Subsidiary
under the terms of which  the Company or any Subsidiary (A) is likely to pay
or otherwise give  consideration of more than $100,000 in the aggregate
during the  calendar year ended December 31, 2001, (B) is likely to pay or 
otherwise give consideration of more than $100,000 in the aggregate  over the
remaining term of such contract or (C) cannot be   20  30  cancelled by
the Company or such Subsidiary without penalty or further  payment and
without more than 30 days\' notice;   (ii) each contract, agreement,
invoice, sales order and other  arrangement, for the sale of Inventory or
other personal property, or  for the furnishing of services by the Company or
any Subsidiary which  (A) is likely to involve consideration of more than
$100,000 in the  aggregate during the calendar year ended December 31, 2001,
(B) is  likely to involve consideration of more than $250,000 in the
aggregate  over the remaining term of the contract or (C) cannot be cancelled
by  the Company or such Subsidiary without penalty or further payment and 
without more than 30 days\' notice;   (iii) all broker, distributor, dealer,
manufacturer\'s  representative, franchise, agency, sales promotion, market
research,  marketing, consulting and advertising contracts and agreements to
which  the Company or any Subsidiary is a party;   (iv) all management
contracts and contracts with independent  contractors or consultants (or
similar arrangements) to which the  Company or any Subsidiary is a party and
which are not cancellable  without penalty or further payment and without
more than 30 days\'  notice;   (v) all contracts and agreements relating to
Indebtedness  of the Company or any Subsidiary;   (vi) all contracts and
agreements with any Governmental  Authority to which the Company or any
Subsidiary is a party;   (vii) all contracts and agreements that limit or
purport to  limit the ability of the Company or any Subsidiary to compete in
any  line of business or with any Person or in any geographic area or
during  any period of time;   (viii) all contracts and agreements between
or among the  Company or any Subsidiary, on the one hand, and the Sellers or
any  Affiliate of the Sellers (other than the Company or any Subsidiary),
on  the other hand;   (ix) all contracts and agreements providing for
benefits under  any Plan; and   (x) all other contracts and agreements,
whether or not made in  the ordinary course of business, which are material
to the Company or  any Subsidiary, or the absence of which would have a
Material Adverse  Effect.  For purposes of this Section 3.17 and Sections
3.19 and 3.20, the term "lease" shall include any and all leases, subleases,
sale/leaseback agreements or similar arrangements.   (b) Except as set
forth in Section 3.17(b) of the Disclosure Schedule and as would reasonably
not be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Material Contract:
(i) is valid and binding on the parties thereto and is in full force and
effect and (ii) upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Ancillary   21  31 Agreements, except to the extent that
any consents set forth in Section 3.07 of the Disclosure Schedule are not
obtained, shall continue in full force and effect without penalty or other
adverse consequence. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in breach of,
or default under, any Material Contract.   (c) Except as set forth in
Section 3.17(c) of the Disclosure Schedule and as would reasonably not be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) to the knowledge of the
Sellers, no other party to any Material Contract is in breach thereof or
default thereunder and (ii) neither the Company or any Subsidiary has
received any notice of termination, cancellation, breach or default under any
Material Contract.   (d) The Sellers have made available to the Purchaser
true and complete copies of all Material Contracts.   SECTION 3.18.
Intellectual Property. (a) Section 3.18(a) of the Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a true and complete list of (i) all material patents and patent
applications, registered trademarks and trademark applications, registered
copyrights and copyright applications, and domain names included in the
Company Intellectual Property, (ii) all material Company IP Agreements, other
than commercially available off-the-shelf computer software licensed pursuant
to shrink-wrap or click wrap licenses that is not material to the Company,
and (iii) other Company Intellectual Property material to the Company.  
(b) The Company or a Subsidiary is the exclusive owner of the entire right,
title and interest in and to the Company Intellectual Property, and has a
valid license to use the Licensed Intellectual Property. The Company or a
Subsidiary is entitled to use all Company Intellectual Property and Licensed
Intellectual Property in their businesses without limitation, subject only to
the terms of the Company IP Agreements, as the case may be. The
Company Intellectual Property and the Licensed Intellectual Property have not
been adjudged invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, and, to the
knowledge of the Sellers, are valid and enforceable.   (c) To the knowledge
of the Sellers, the Company or any Subsidiary, the conduct of the business of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe or
misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party, and, except as
disclosed in Section 3.18(c) of the Disclosure Schedule, no Action alleging
any of the foregoing is pending, and no unresolved, written Claim has been
threatened or asserted against the Company or any Subsidiary alleging any of
the foregoing. To the knowledge of the Sellers or the Company, no person is
engaging in any activity that infringes the Company Intellectual
Property.   SECTION 3.19. Real Property. (a) Section 3.19(a) of
the Disclosure Schedule lists (i) the street address of each parcel of Owned
Real Property, (ii) the date on which each parcel of Owned Real Property
was acquired, (iii) the current owner of each parcel of Owned Real Property,
and (iv) the current use of each parcel of Owned Real Property.   (b)
Section 3.19(b) of the Disclosure Schedule lists (i) the street address of
each parcel of Leased Real Property, (ii) the identity of the lessor, lessee
and current occupant (if different from lessee) of each such parcel of Leased
Real Property, (iii) the terms (referencing   22  32 applicable renewal
periods) and rental payment amounts (including all escalations) pertaining to
each such parcel of Leased Real Property, and (iv) the current use of each
such parcel of Leased Real Property.   (c) Except as described in Section
3.19(c) or 3.15(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, there is no material violation
of any Law (including, without limitation, any building, planning or zoning
law) relating to any of the Real Property. The Sellers have made available to
the Purchaser true, legible and complete copies of each deed for each parcel
of Owned Real Property and, to the extent available, for each parcel of
Leased Real Property and all the title insurance policies, title reports,
surveys, certificates of occupancy, environmental reports and audits,
appraisals, permits, other Encumbrances, title documents and other documents
relating to or otherwise affecting the Real Property, the operations of the
Company or any Subsidiary thereon or any other uses thereof. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has leased or subleased any parcel or any portion
of any parcel of Real Property to any other Person and no other Person has
any rights to the use, occupancy or enjoyment thereof pursuant to any lease,
sublease, license, occupancy or other agreement, nor has the Company or any
Subsidiary assigned its interest under any lease or sublease listed in
Section 3.19(b) of the Disclosure Schedule to any third party.   (d) Section
3.19(d) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all
leases and subleases relating to the Real Property and any and all ancillary
documents (the "Ancillary Lease Documents") pertaining thereto (including,
but not limited to, all amendments, modifications, supplements, exhibits,
schedules, addenda and restatements thereto and thereof and all consents,
including, without limitation, consents for alterations, assignments and
sublets, documents recording variations, memoranda of lease, options, rights
of expansion, extension, first refusal and first offer and evidence of
commencement dates and expiration dates). With respect to each of such leases
and subleases, except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.19(b) of the
Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has exercised
or given any notice of exercise, nor has any lessor or landlord exercised
or received any notice of exercise by a lessor or landlord of, any option,
right of first offer or right of first refusal contained in any such lease or
sublease, including, without limitation, any such option or right pertaining
to purchase, expansion, renewal, extension or relocation (collectively,
"Options").   (e) There are no condemnation proceedings or eminent
domain proceedings of any kind pending or, to the best knowledge of the
Sellers after due inquiry, threatened against the Real Property.   (f) All
the Real Property is occupied under a valid and current certificate of
occupancy or similar permit, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements will not require the issuance of any new or
amended certificate of occupancy, and, to the best knowledge of the Sellers
after due inquiry, there are no facts that would prevent the Real Property
from being occupied by the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be,
after the Closing in the same manner as occupied by the Company or such
Subsidiary immediately prior to the Closing.   23  33  SECTION 3.20.
Assets. (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.20 of the Disclosure Schedule,
either the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, owns, leases or has
the legal right to use all the properties and assets, including, without
limitation, the Company Intellectual Property, the Licensed Intellectual
Property, Company IP Agreements, the Real Property and the tangible personal
property owned, leased or used by the Company or such Subsidiary, and, with
respect to contract rights, is a party to and enjoys the right to
the benefits of all contracts, agreements and other arrangements used or
intended to be used by the Company or any Subsidiary (all such properties,
assets and rights being the "Assets"). Either the Company or a Subsidiary, as
the case may be, has good and marketable title to, or, in the case of leased
or subleased Assets, valid and subsisting leasehold interests in, all the
Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances, except (i) as set forth in
Section 3.19(c) or 3.20 of the Disclosure Schedule and (ii) Permitted
Encumbrances.   (b) The Assets constitute all the properties, assets
and rights forming a part of, used, held or intended to be used in, and all
such properties, assets and rights as are necessary in the conduct of the
business of the Company. At all times since the Reference Balance Sheet Date,
the Company has caused the Assets to be maintained in accordance with good
business practice, and all the Assets are in good operating condition and
repair and are suitable for the purposes for which they are used and
intended.   (c) Following the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the execution of the instruments of
transfer contemplated by this Agreement, the Company or a Subsidiary, as the
case may be, will continue to own, with good, valid and marketable title, or
lease, under valid and subsisting leases, or otherwise retain its respective
interests in the Assets, without incurring any penalty or other adverse
consequence, including, without limitation, any increase in rentals,
royalties, or license or other fees imposed as a result of, or arising from,
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
SECTION 3.21. Customers. Listed in Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedule
are the names and addresses of the 20 most significant customers (by revenue)
of the Company for the twelve-month period ended July 31, 2001 and the amount
for which each such customer was invoiced during such period. Except as set
forth in Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has received any notice that any such customer of the Company has
ceased, or will cease, to use the products, equipment, goods or services of
the Company or any Subsidiary, or has substantially reduced, or
will substantially reduce, the use of such products, equipment, goods or
services at any time.   SECTION 3.22. Suppliers. Listed in Section 3.22 of
the Disclosure Schedule are the names and addresses of each of the 20
most significant suppliers of raw materials, supplies, merchandise and other
goods for the Company for the twelve-month period ended July 31, 2001 and the
amount for which each such supplier was paid by the Company and the
Subsidiaries during such period. Except as set forth in Section 3.22 of the
Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any
notice or has any reason to believe that any such supplier will not sell raw
materials, supplies, merchandise and other goods to the Company or any
Subsidiary at any time after the Closing Date on terms and conditions
substantially similar to   24  34 those used in its current sales to the
Company, subject only to general and customary price increases.   SECTION
3.23. Employee Benefit Matters. (a) Plans and Material Documents. Section
3.23(a) of the Disclosure Schedule lists (i) all employee benefit plans (as
defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA")) and all bonus, stock option, stock purchase,
restricted stock, incentive, deferred compensation, retiree medical or life
insurance, supplemental retirement, severance or other benefit
plans, programs or arrangements, and all employment, termination, severance
or other contracts or agreements, which the Company or any Subsidiary is a
party, with respect to which the Company or any Subsidiary has any obligation
or which are maintained, contributed to or sponsored by the Company or any
Subsidiary for the benefit of any current or former employee, officer or
director of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) each employee benefit plan
for which the Company or any Subsidiary could incur liability under Sections
4069, 201 or 4212 of ERISA (collectively, the "Plans"). Each Plan is in
writing and the Sellers have furnished to the Purchaser a complete and
accurate copy of each Plan and a complete and accurate copy of each material
document prepared in connection with each such Plan, including, without
limitation, a copy of (i) each trust or other funding arrangement, (ii) each
summary plan description and summary of material modifications, (iii) the
most recently filed IRS Form 5500, (iv) the most recently received IRS
determination letter for each such Plan, and (v) the most recently prepared
actuarial report and financial statement in connection with each such Plan.
Except as set forth in Section 3.23(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, there are
no other employee benefit plans, programs, arrangements or agreements,
whether formal or informal, whether in writing or not, to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is a party, with respect to which the Company or
any Subsidiary has any obligation or which are maintained, contributed to
or sponsored by the Company or any Subsidiary for the benefit of any current
or former employee, officer or director of the Company or any Subsidiary.  
(b) Absence of Certain Types of Plans. Except as set forth in Section 3.23(b)
of the Disclosure Schedules, none of the Plans (i) provides for the payment
of separation, severance, termination or similar-type benefits to any Person,
(ii) obligates the Company or any Subsidiary to pay separation, severance,
termination or similar-type benefits solely as a result of any transaction
contemplated by this Agreement or, (iii) could result, separately or in the
aggregate, in the payment of any "excess parachute payment" within
the meaning of such term under section 280G of the Code. None of the Plans
provides for or promises retiree medical, disability or life insurance
benefits to any current or former employee, officer or director of the
Company or any Subsidiary. Each of the Plans is subject only to the laws of
the United States or a political subdivision thereof.   (c) Compliance with
Applicable Law. With respect to the Plans, no event has occurred and there
exists no condition or set of circumstances in connection with which the
company or any of its Subsidiaries could be subject to any material liability
under the terms of such Plan, ERISA, the Code or any other applicable Law.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any actual or contingent
liability under Title IV of ERISA. No legal action, suit or claim is pending
or threatened with respect to any Plan (other than claims for benefits in the
ordinary course) and no fact or event exists that could give rise to any such
action, suit or claim.   25  35  (d) Qualification of Certain Plans. Each
Plan which is intended to be qualified under section 401(a) of the Code or
section 401(k) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from
the IRS that it is so qualified, and each trust established in connection
with any Plan which is intended to be exempt from federal income taxation
under section 501(a) of the Code has received a determination letter from the
IRS that it is so exempt, and no fact or event has occurred since the date of
such determination letter from the IRS to adversely affect the qualified
status of any such Plan or the exempt status of any such trust.   (e) Plan
Contributions and Funding. All contributions, premiums or payments required
to be made with respect to any Plan have been made on or before their due
dates. All such contributions have been fully deducted for income tax
purposes and no such deduction has been challenged or disallowed by any
Governmental Authority, and no fact or event exists which could give rise to
any such challenge or disallowance.   (f) WARN Act. The Company and the
Subsidiaries are in compliance with the requirements of the Workers
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN") and have no liabilities
pursuant to WARN.   SECTION 3.24. Labor Matters. Except as set forth in
Section 3.24 of the Disclosure Schedule, (a) Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor
union contract applicable to persons employed by the Company or any
Subsidiary, and currently there are no organizational campaigns, petitions or
other unionization activities seeking recognition of a collective bargaining
unit which could affect the Company or any Subsidiary; (b) there are no
controversies, strikes, slowdowns or work stoppages pending or, to the best
knowledge of the Sellers after due inquiry, threatened between the Company or
any Subsidiary and any of their respective employees, and neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has experienced any such controversy, strike, slowdown or
work stoppage within the past three years; (c) neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has breached or otherwise failed to comply with the provisions of
any collective bargaining or union contract, and there are no grievances
outstanding against the Company or any Subsidiary under any such agreement or
contract which could have a Material Adverse Effect; (d) there are no
complaints, changes, claims, actions, suits or proceedings pending or
threatened against the Company before the National Labor Relations Board, the
Equal Opportunity Commission or any other Governmental Authority relating to
employees or employment practice; and (e) the Company and each Subsidiary are
currently in compliance with all applicable Laws relating to the employment
of labor, including those related to wages, hours, collective bargaining,
worker classification, occupational safety and health and the payment and
withholding of taxes and other sums as required by the
appropriate Governmental Authority.   SECTION 3.25. Taxes. (a) (i) Except
as set forth on Section 3.25 of the Disclosure Schedule, all returns and
reports in respect of Taxes ("Tax Returns") required to be filed with respect
to the Company and each Subsidiary have been timely filed; (ii) all Taxes
required to be shown on such Tax Returns or otherwise due have been timely
paid; (iii) all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all
material respects (solely for purposes of this subsection (iii), the term
"material" shall be interpreted to mean that any failures of such Tax Returns
to be true, correct or complete result in an adverse tax impact which, in the
aggregate,   26  36 amounts to greater than $250,000); (iv) no adjustment
relating to such Tax Returns has been proposed formally or informally by any
Tax authority and, to the best knowledge of the Sellers after due inquiry, no
basis exists for any such adjustment; (v) there are no pending or, to the
best knowledge of the Sellers after due inquiry, threatened actions or
proceedings for the assessment or collection of Taxes against the Company or
any Subsidiary; (vi) no consent under section 341(f) of the Code has been
filed with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary; (vii) all sales and
license transactions between the Sellers and any Subsidiary, and between any
of the Subsidiaries, have been conducted on an arm\'s-length basis; (viii)
there are no Tax liens on any assets of the Company or any Subsidiary; (ix)
the Company is, and has been since July 1, 1988, a valid "Subchapter S
corporation" under section 1361 of the Code and under comparable provisions
of state and local Tax law, it has fully paid all Taxes that could be imposed
under sections 1363(d), 1374 or 1375 of the Code, and under
comparable provisions of state and local Tax law, and it does not have any
accumulated earnings and profits from taxable years prior to its becoming a
Subchapter S corporation; (x) except as set forth in Section 3.25 of the
Disclosure Schedule, each of the Subsidiaries either is, and has been since
its inception, a "qualified subchapter S subsidiary" within the meaning of
the Code, and under comparable provisions of state and local Tax law, or is,
and has been since its inception, disregarded as an entity separate from the
Company for U.S. federal, state and local Tax purposes; (xi) neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has been a member of an affiliated group (within
the meaning of section 1504(a)(1) of the Code) of corporations that files a
consolidated Tax Return for U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income Tax
purposes; (xii) none of the Company or Subsidiaries has been a United States
real property holding corporation within the meaning of section 897(c)(2) of
the Code during the applicable period specified in section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii)
of the Code; (xiii) none of the Company or Subsidiaries is doing business in
or engaged in a trade or business in any jurisdiction in which it has not
filed all required income or franchise Tax Returns; (xiv) the Company has not
been at any time a member of any partnership or joint venture or the holder
of a beneficial interest in any trust for any period for which the statute of
limitations for any Tax has not expired; (xv) neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is subject to any accumulated earnings tax, personal holding
company tax or similar tax; (xvi) the financial statements of the Company and
the Subsidiaries contain adequate reserves and balances to satisfy all
liability for Taxes for the periods covered thereby; (xvii) no Company or
Subsidiary has any income reportable for a period ending after the Closing
Date but attributable to a transaction (e.g., an installment sale) occurring
in or a change in accounting method made for a period ending on or prior to
the Closing Date that resulted in a deferred reporting of income from such
transaction or from such change in accounting method; (xviii) there are
no Tax sharing, indemnity or similar agreements in effect among or between
any of the Sellers, the Company or any Subsidiaries; and (xix) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have collected all required sales, value-added and
similar Taxes, and all payroll and other withholding Taxes, and have remitted
all such Taxes to the proper Taxing authority on a timely basis and in
accordance with applicable procedures.   (b) (i) Section 3.25 of the
Disclosure Schedule lists all income, franchise and similar Tax Returns
(federal, state, local and foreign) filed with respect to each of the Company
and the Subsidiaries for the last five taxable periods, indicates the most
recent income, franchise or similar Tax Return for each relevant jurisdiction
for which an audit has been completed or the statute of limitations has
lapsed and indicates all Tax Returns that currently are the subject of audit;
and (ii) the Sellers have delivered to the Purchaser correct and complete
copies of all   27  37 federal, state and foreign income, franchise and
similar Tax Returns, examination reports, and statements of deficiencies
assessed against or agreed to by the Company or any Subsidiary, in each case,
relating to taxable periods beginning on or after January 1, 1995.  
SECTION 3.26. Insurance. All material assets, properties and risks of the
Company and each Subsidiary are, and for the past five years have been,
covered by valid and, except for insurance policies that have expired under
their terms in the ordinary course, currently effective insurance policies or
binders of insurance (including, without limitation, general
liability insurance, property insurance and workers\' compensation insurance)
issued in favor of the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, in each
case with responsible insurance companies, in such types and amounts and
covering such risks as are consistent with customary practices and standards
of companies engaged in businesses and operations similar to those of the
Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.   SECTION 3.27. Company
Products. (a) All products held by the Company or the Subsidiaries for sale,
transfer, conveyance or distribution to customers (the "Company Products")
and all prior sales of products by the Company or any Subsidiary are in all
material respects in conformity with applicable industry standards or
regulations set forth (i) by Law, (ii) by relevant Governmental Authorities
or (iii) by the relevant customer contract (or other applicable agreement,
arrangement or understanding with customers) to which such Company Products
relate.   (b) The Company and the Subsidiaries have maintained complete and
accurate records regarding the Company Products in accordance with applicable
industry standards and as required by Law.   SECTION 3.28. Individual
Property. The Individual Property, in the aggregate, is not valued at greater
than $100,000.   SECTION 3.29. Brokers. Except for First Union Securities
Inc., no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage,
finder\'s or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Sellers, the Company and the
Subsidiaries. The Sellers (and not the Company or Subsidiary) are solely
responsible for the fees and expenses of First Union Securities.   ARTICLE
IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  OF THE PURCHASER   As an inducement
to the Sellers to enter into this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants to the Sellers as follows:   SECTION 4.01. Organization and
Authority of the Purchaser. The Purchaser is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation and has all necessary corporate power and authority to
enter into   28  38 this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which
it is a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and thereby. The
execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements to which it is a party, the performance by the Purchaser of its
obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by the Purchaser of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and thereby have been duly
authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of the Purchaser.
This Agreement has been, and upon their execution the Ancillary Agreements to
which the Purchaser is a party shall have been, duly executed and delivered
by the Purchaser, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
the Seller) this Agreement constitutes, and upon their execution the
Ancillary Agreements to which the Purchaser is a party shall constitute,
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable against
the Purchaser in accordance with their respective terms.   SECTION 4.02. No
Conflict. Assuming compliance with the notification requirements of the HSR
Act and the making and obtaining of all filings, notifications, consents,
approvals, authorizations and other actions referred to in Section 4.03,
except as may result from any facts or circumstances relating solely to the
Sellers, the execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party do not and will
not (a) violate, conflict with or result in the breach of any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Purchaser, (b) conflict
with or violate any Law or Governmental Order applicable to the Purchaser or
(c) conflict with, or result in any breach of, constitute a default (or event
which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a
default) under, require any consent under, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration, suspension, revocation or cancellation
of, any note, bond, mortgage or indenture, contract, agreement, lease,
sublease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or arrangement to
which the Purchaser is a party, which would adversely affect the ability of
the Purchaser to carry out its obligations under, and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by, this Agreement or by the Ancillary
Agreements.   SECTION 4.03. Governmental Consents and Approvals.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement
and each Ancillary Agreement to which the Purchaser is a party do not and
will not require any consent, approval, authorization or other order of,
action by, filing with, or notification to any Governmental Authority, except
(a) as described in a writing given to the Sellers by the Purchaser on the
date of this Agreement and (b) the notification requirements of the HSR
Act.   SECTION 4.04. Information Concerning the Company. (a)
The Purchaser\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended
February 24, 2001 and the Purchaser\'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended May 26, 2001, each as filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "Commission"), copies of which have been furnished
to the Sellers, as of their respective filing dates did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, under the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.   (b) Since May 31,
2001 there has not been, and prior to the Closing there shall not have been,
any Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.   29  39  SECTION 4.05. Investment
Purpose. The Purchaser is acquiring the Shares solely for the purpose of
investment and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with,
any distribution thereof.   SECTION 4.06. Litigation. No Action by or
against the Purchaser is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser
after due inquiry, threatened, which could affect the legality, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or thereby.   SECTION
4.07. SEC Documents. The Purchaser has timely filed with the Commission all
forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents required to be
filed by it under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act") and the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") since
January 1, 2001 (all such documents as amended since the date of their
filing, the "Purchaser SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, the
Purchaser SEC Documents (including all filings incorporated by reference
therein) complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of
the Commission promulgated thereunder applicable to such Purchaser SEC
Documents. None of the Purchaser SEC Documents (including any and all
financial statements included therein and all filings incorporated by
reference therein) as of their respective dates contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Purchaser has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-66934)
(the "Registration Statement"), including a prospectus relating to the
issuance of the shares of the Purchaser Common Stock from time to time in
mergers, acquisitions and other similar transactions in accordance with Rule
415 under the Securities Act, with the Commission. None of the information
supplied or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, at the
time the Registration Statement was filed with the Commission contained, nor
at the time it becomes effective under the Securities Act, or as of
the Closing, will contain, any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein not misleading. The Registration Statement
complies as to form in all material respects with the provisions of the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.   SECTION 4.08.
Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of Purchaser consists of
50,000,000 shares of Purchaser Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"). As of August 9,
2001, (i) 32,187,244 shares of Purchaser Common Stock were issued and
outstanding, all of which were validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, and no shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding,
(ii) no shares of Purchaser Common Stock were held in the treasury of
Purchaser or by any Subsidiary of Purchaser and (iii) 6,759,736 shares of
Purchaser Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding
stock options issued under the Purchaser\'s 1989, 1996, Directors and UK
Stock Option Plans (the "Purchaser Plans"). Except for the stock options
granted pursuant to the Purchaser Plans and shares of Purchaser Common Stock
issuable pursuant to the Purchaser Plans, there are no options, warrants or
other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character to
which Purchaser is a party or by which   30  40 Purchaser is bound
relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of Purchaser or obligating
Purchaser to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or other equity
interests in, Purchaser. There are no outstanding contractual obligations of
Purchaser to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of Purchaser
Common Stock. The Purchaser Common Stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ
National Market System and no proceeding which could reasonably be expected
to result in the delisting of the Purchaser Common Stock from the NASDAQ
National Market System (or its transfer to the NASDAQ Small Cap Market) is
pending or, to the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened.   SECTION 4.09.
Authorization of Purchaser Common Stock. The issuance of the shares of
Purchaser Common Stock to Sellers hereunder has been, duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of the Purchaser and, upon issuance in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such shares of Purchaser Common
Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and issued free of
the pre-emptive rights of any Person.   SECTION 4.10. Financing. Prior to
the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall have obtained all financing necessary
for it to consummate the purchase of the Shares and the other transactions
contemplated hereby.   SECTION 4.11. Brokers. No broker, finder or
investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Purchaser.   ARTICLE
V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   SECTION 5.01. Conduct of Business Prior to the
Closing. (a) The Sellers covenant and agree that, except as described in
Section 5.01(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, between the date hereof and the
time of the Closing, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall conduct its
business other than in the ordinary course and consistent with the Company\'s
and such Subsidiary\'s prior practice. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, except as described in Section 5.01(a) of the Disclosure Schedule,
the Sellers shall cause the Company and each Subsidiary to (i) continue their
pricing and purchasing policies in accordance with past practice not to
increase or decrease the prices of Inventory, (ii) not shorten or lengthen
the customary payment cycles for any of their payables or receivables, (iii)
use their reasonable best efforts to (A) preserve intact their business
organizations and the business organization of the business, (B) keep
available to the Purchaser the services of the employees of the Company and
each Subsidiary, (C) continue in full force and effect without material
modification all existing policies or binders of insurance currently
maintained in respect of the Company and each Subsidiary and (D) preserve
their current relationships with their customers, suppliers and other persons
with which they have had significant business relationships, and (iv) not
engage in any practice, take any action, fail to take any action or
enter into any transaction which could cause any representation or warranty
of the Sellers to be untrue or result in a breach of any covenant made by the
Sellers in this Agreement.   31  41  (b) Except as described in Section
5.01(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Sellers covenant and agree that,
between the date hereof and the time of the Closing, without the prior
written consent of the Purchaser, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will
do any of the things enumerated in the second sentence of Section 3.13
(including, without limitation, clauses (a) through (o) and (q) thereof).  
SECTION 5.02. Access to Information. (a) From the date hereof until the
Closing, upon reasonable notice, the Sellers shall cause the Company and the
Subsidiaries and each of the Company\'s and the Subsidiaries\'
officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, accountants and
counsel to: (i) afford the officers, employees, agents, accountants, counsel,
financing sources and representatives of the Purchaser reasonable access,
during normal business hours, to the offices, properties, plants, other
facilities, books and records of the Company and each Subsidiary including,
without limitation, access to enter upon such properties, plants and
facilities to investigate and collect air, surface water, groundwater and
soil samples or to conduct any other type of environmental assessment and to
those officers, directors, employees, agents, accountants and counsel of the
Company and of each Subsidiary who have any knowledge relating to the Company
or any Subsidiary and (ii) furnish to the officers, employees, agents,
accountants, counsel, financing sources and representatives of the Purchaser
such additional financial and operating data and other information regarding
the assets, properties, liabilities and goodwill of the Company, and the
Subsidiaries (or legible copies thereof) as the Purchaser may from time to
time reasonably request.   (b) In order to facilitate the resolution of any
claims made by or against or incurred by the Sellers prior to the Closing, or
for any other reasonable purpose, for a period of seven years after the
Closing, the Purchaser shall (i) retain the books and records relating to the
Company and the Subsidiaries for periods prior to the Closing in a manner
reasonably consistent with the prior practice of the Company and the
Subsidiaries and (ii) upon reasonable notice, afford the officers, employees,
agents and representatives of the Sellers reasonable access (including the
right to make photocopies at the expense of the Seller), during normal
business hours, to such books and records.   (c) In order to facilitate the
resolution of any claims made by or against or incurred by the Purchaser, the
Company or any Subsidiary after the Closing or for any other reasonable
purpose, for a period of seven years following the Closing, the Sellers shall
(i) retain the books and records of the Sellers relating to the Company and
the Subsidiaries for periods prior to the Closing in a manner reasonably
consistent with the prior practice of the Company and the Subsidiaries which
shall not otherwise have been delivered to the Purchaser, the Company or any
Subsidiary and (ii) upon reasonable notice, afford the officers, employees,
agents and representatives of the Purchaser, the Company or any Subsidiary
reasonable access (including the right to make photocopies, at the expense of
the Purchaser, the Company or such Subsidiary), during normal business hours,
to such books and records.   SECTION 5.03. Confidentiality. The Sellers and,
prior to the Closing, the Purchaser, agree to, and shall cause their
respective agents, representatives, Affiliates, employees, officers and
directors to: (a) treat and hold as confidential (and not disclose or provide
access to any Person to) all information relating to Trade Secrets,
processes, patent and   32  42 trademark applications, product
development, price, customer and supplier lists, pricing and marketing plans,
policies and strategies, details of client and consultant contracts,
operations methods, product development techniques, business acquisition
plans, new personnel acquisition plans and all other confidential or
proprietary information with respect to the Company and each Subsidiary, (b)
in the event that any party hereto, or any such agent, representative,
Affiliate, employee, officer or director becomes legally compelled to
disclose any such information, provide the other parties hereto with prompt
written notice of such requirement so that the Purchaser, the Company, any
Subsidiary or the Sellers may seek a protective order or other remedy or
waive compliance with this Section 5.03, (c) in the event that
such protective order or other remedy is not obtained or any party waives
compliance with this Section 5.03, furnish only that portion of such
confidential information which is legally required to be provided and
exercise its best efforts to obtain assurances that confidential treatment
will be accorded such information. Subject to Section 5.02(c), the Sellers
shall promptly furnish (prior to, at, or as soon as practicable following,
the Closing) to the Purchaser any and all copies (in whatever form or medium)
of all such confidential information then in the possession of the Sellers or
any of their agents, representatives, Affiliates, employees, officers and
directors and, except as otherwise required by Section 5.02(c), destroy any
and all additional copies then in the possession of the Sellers or any of
their respective agents, representatives, Affiliates, employees, officers and
directors of such information and of any analyses, compilations, studies or
other documents prepared, in whole or in part, on the basis thereof;
provided, however, that this sentence shall not apply to any information
that, at the time of disclosure, is available publicly and was not disclosed
in breach of this Agreement by the Sellers or, if applicable, the Purchaser,
or any of their respective agents, representatives, Affiliates, employees,
officers or directors; and provided further that, with respect to
Intellectual Property, specific information shall not be deemed to be within
the foregoing exception merely because it is embraced in general disclosures
in the public domain.   SECTION 5.04. Regulatory and Other Authorizations;
Notices and Consents. (a) The Sellers and the Purchaser shall each use their
reasonable best efforts to obtain (and the Sellers shall use reasonable best
efforts to cause the Company and the Subsidiaries to obtain) all
authorizations, consents, orders and approvals of all Governmental
Authorities and officials that may be or become necessary for its execution
and delivery of, and the performance of its obligations pursuant to, this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and will cooperate fully with each
other in promptly seeking to obtain all such authorizations, consents, orders
and approvals. Each party hereto agrees to make an appropriate filing, if
necessary, pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement within five Business Days of the date hereof
and to supply as promptly as practicable to the appropriate Governmental
Authorities any additional information and documentary material that may be
requested pursuant to the HSR Act.   (b) The Sellers shall or shall cause
the Company and the Subsidiaries to give promptly such notices to third
parties and use their best efforts to obtain such third party consents and
estoppel certificates as are necessary or desirable in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   33  43  (c) The Purchaser
shall cooperate and use all reasonable efforts to assist the Sellers and the
Company in giving such notices and obtaining such consents and estoppel
certificates; provided, however, that the Purchaser shall have no obligation
to give any guarantee or other consideration of any nature in connection with
any such notice, consent or estoppel certificate or to consent to any change
in the terms of any agreement or arrangement which the Purchaser reasonably
may deem adverse to the interests of the Purchaser, the Company, any
Subsidiary or the business.   (d) The Purchaser and the Sellers each know of
no reason why all the consents, approvals and authorizations necessary for
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
be received.   (e) The Sellers and the Purchaser agree that, in the
event that any consent, approval or authorization necessary or desirable to
preserve for the Company or any Subsidiary any right or benefit under any
lease, license, contract, commitment or other agreement or arrangement to
which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party is not obtained prior to the
Closing, the Sellers will, subsequent to the Closing, cooperate with the
Purchaser, the Company or any such Subsidiary in attempting to obtain such
consent, approval or authorization as promptly thereafter as practicable.  
SECTION 5.05. Notice of Developments. Prior to the Closing, each party shall
promptly notify the other parties in writing of (a) all
events, circumstances, facts and occurrences arising subsequent to the date
of this Agreement which have resulted or could reasonably be expected to
result in any breach of a representation or warranty or covenant of such
party in this Agreement and (b) all other material developments affecting the
assets, Liabilities, business, financial condition, operations, results of
operations of the Company, the Subsidiaries or, to the extent such
developments have already been publicly announced by the Purchaser, the
Purchaser.   SECTION 5.06. No Solicitation or Negotiation. The
Sellers agree that between the date of this Agreement and the earlier of (a)
the Closing and (b) the termination of this Agreement, none of the Sellers,
the Company, the Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates,
officers, directors, representatives or agents will (i) solicit, initiate,
consider, encourage or accept any other proposals or offers from any Person
(A) relating to any acquisition or purchase of all or any portion of the
capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or assets of the Company or
any Subsidiary (other than Inventory to be sold in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice), (B) to enter into any merger,
consolidation or other business combination with the Company, any Subsidiary
or (C) to enter into a recapitalization, reorganization or any other
extraordinary business transaction involving or otherwise relating to the
Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) participate in any discussions,
conversations, negotiations and other communications regarding, or furnish to
any other Person any information with respect to, or otherwise cooperate in
any way, assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort or
attempt by any other Person to seek to do any of the foregoing. The Sellers
immediately shall cease and cause to be terminated all existing discussions,
conversations, negotiations and other communications with any Persons
conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing. The Sellers shall
notify the Purchaser promptly if any such proposal or offer, or any inquiry
or other contact with any Person with respect thereto, is made and shall, in
any such notice to the   34  44 Purchaser, indicate in reasonable detail
the identity of the Person making such proposal, offer, inquiry or contact
and the terms and conditions of such proposal, offer, inquiry or other
contact. The Sellers agree not to, and to cause the Company and each
Subsidiary not to, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser,
release any Person from, or waive any provision of, any confidentiality or
standstill agreement to which the Sellers, the Company or any Subsidiary is a
party.   SECTION 5.07. Non-Competition. (a) For a period of seven
years after the Closing (the "Restricted Period"), the Sellers shall not
engage, directly or indirectly, in any business anywhere in the world that
supplies products or services of the kind supplied by the Company or any
Subsidiary as of the Closing Date (a "Competing Business") or, without the
prior written consent of the Purchaser, directly or indirectly, own an
interest in, manage, operate, join, control, lend money or render financial
or other assistance to or participate in or be connected with, as an officer,
employee, partner, stockholder, consultant or otherwise, any Person that
competes with the Purchaser, the Company or any Subsidiary in supplying
products or services of the kind supplied by the Company or any Subsidiary as
of the Closing Date; provided, however, that, for the purposes of this
Section 5.07, ownership of securities having no more than one percent of the
outstanding voting power of any competitor which are listed on any national
securities exchange or NASDAQ shall not be deemed to be in violation of this
Section 5.07 as long as the Person owning such securities has no other
connection or relationship with such competitor.   (b) The Sellers agree
with the Purchaser that, for a period of seven years following the Closing,
the Sellers will not in any way, directly or indirectly, call upon, solicit,
advise or otherwise do, or attempt to do, business with any customers of the
Company or any Subsidiary with whom the Company, any Subsidiary or the
Sellers had any dealings during the period of time in which the Company was
an Affiliate of the Sellers for the purpose engaging in any Competing
Business or take away or interfere or attempt to interfere with any custom,
trade, business or patronage of the Company or any Subsidiary, or interfere
with or attempt to interfere with any officers, employees, representatives or
agents of the Company or any Subsidiary, or induce or attempt to induce any
of them to leave the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary or violate the
terms of their contracts, or any employment arrangements, with the Company or
any Subsidiary.   (c) The Restricted Period shall be extended by the length
of any period during which any Seller is in breach of the terms of this
Section 5.07.   (d) The Sellers acknowledge that the covenants of the
Sellers set forth in this Section 5.07 are an essential element of this
Agreement and that, but for the agreement of the Sellers to comply with these
covenants, the Purchaser would not have entered into this Agreement. The
Sellers acknowledge that this Section 5.07 constitutes an independent
covenant and shall not be affected by performance or non-performance of any
other provision of this Agreement by the Purchaser. The Sellers have
independently consulted with their counsel and after such consultation agree
that the covenants set forth in this Section 5.07 are reasonable and
proper.   35  45  SECTION 5.08. Release of Indemnity Obligations. The
Sellers covenant and agree, on or prior to the Closing, to execute and
deliver to the Company, for the benefit of the Company and each Subsidiary, a
general release and discharge, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Purchaser, releasing and discharging the Company and Subsidiary from any and
all obligations to indemnify the Sellers or otherwise hold any of them
harmless pursuant to any agreement or other arrangement entered into prior to
the Closing; provided, however, that the Company and each Subsidiary shall
not be released and discharged from (a) obligations to provide benefits to
certain individuals in their capacities as officers or employees or (b)
obligations to indemnify certain individuals in their capacities as directors
or officers of the Company or a Subsidiary for attorneys fees and expenses
incurred in connection with any claim against such individual which such
individual successfully defends on the merits.   SECTION 5.09. Registration
of Shares. (a) The shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be issued to the
Sellers upon the Closing and the issuance of such Shares shall be registered
by the Registration Statement and Sellers shall receive such Shares
thereunder.   (b) The Sellers covenant and agree to cause the Company
to provide the Purchaser with any financial statements or other
information regarding the Company necessary to complete any filings made with
the Commission which filings are required in order to (i) cause the
Registration Statement to become effective and (ii) maintain compliance with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; provided, that, prior to the
Closing, none of such information shall be filed with the Commission without
the consent of the Sellers\' Representative.   SECTION 5.10. Retention
Bonuses. The Principal Sellers shall make all payments required under the
Retention Agreements to be made by any Principal Seller to any employee or
consultant of the Company or any Subsidiary thereunder. To the extent any
amounts classified as Retention B Bonuses or Additional Retention Bonuses are
not paid by the Principal Sellers to the applicable employees or consultants
for any reason, such funds shall be paid to the Purchaser.   SECTION 5.11.
Exchange Act Reports. For a period of two years after the Closing, the
Purchaser shall timely file with the Commission all reports required to be
filed pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.   SECTION 5.12.
Termination of Shareholder Agreement. As of the Closing Date, the Shareholder
Agreement dated as of October 6, 1997 among the Company, Paul Mittentag,
Adrianne Mittentag and the Secondary Sellers (the "Shareholder Agreement")
shall be terminated by a written agreements between each of the Secondary
Sellers and Paul Mittentag and Adrianne Mittentag, as applicable, pursuant to
Section 5 thereof.   SECTION 5.13. Resignation of Directors and Officers.
Prior to the Closing Date, the Sellers will cause the directors and executive
officers (other than Paul Mittentag) to submit their resignations from such
directorships or executive offices, as applicable, effective as of the
Closing Date.   36  46  SECTION 5.14. Retained Tickets. The Principal
Sellers shall retain the Tickets in accordance with section 2.02(c) and,
prior to the Closing Date, the Principal Sellers shall reimburse the Company
for the cost of the Tickets.   SECTION 5.15. Further Action. Each of the
parties hereto shall use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all appropriate action, do or cause to be done all things necessary,
proper or advisable under applicable Law, and to execute and deliver such
documents and other papers, as may be required to carry out the provisions of
this Agreement and consummate and make effective the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   ARTICLE VI   EMPLOYEE MATTERS  
SECTION 6.01. Employee Benefits Matters. (a) For a period of twelve months
following the Closing, employees of the Company and each Subsidiary who
continue their employment after the Closing with the Company or any
Subsidiary (including those on vacation, leave of absence, or short-
term disability who return to active employment within six months after the
Closing) ("Transferred Employees") shall be provided with compensation and
benefits (including salary and fringe benefits) which, in the aggregate, are
no less favorable than those provided to such employees immediately preceding
the Closing, and with appropriate employment positions, taking into
consideration their respective prior experience and the best interests of the
Company and Purchaser.   (b) For a period of twelve months following the
Closing, the Purchaser shall cause the Company and each Subsidiary to provide
the Transferred Employees with employee benefit plans, agreements, programs,
policies and arrangements that are no less favorable, in the aggregate, than
the Plans in effect immediately prior to the Closing. Nothing provided herein
shall limit the Purchaser or the Company from offering Transferred Employees
benefits under the Purchaser\'s employee benefit plans or arrangements;
provided that such plans shall provide at the Closing employee benefits that,
in the aggregate, are no less favorable than those in effect immediately
prior to the Closing under the comparable Plans.   (c) The Purchaser, the
Company and the Subsidiaries shall recognize each Transferred Employee\'s
service with the Company or any Subsidiary as of the Closing ("Prior
Service") as service with the Purchaser for eligibility and vesting purposes,
but not for purposes of calculating benefits, as applicable in the "employee
welfare benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), disability,
fringe benefits and other employee benefit plans or policies that cover the
employees of the Purchaser at the Closing ("Post-Closing Plans"), other than
retiree medical and pension plans and employer matching contributions under
the 401(k) plan; provided that Prior Service of Transferred Employees shall
be counted for purposes of determining vacation accrual and severance
benefits under any Post-Closing Plan; and further provided that, with respect
to any Post-Closing Plan that is a welfare benefit plan, or any plan that
would be a welfare benefit plan if it were subject to ERISA, for purposes of
the Transferred Employees (their spouses and eligible dependents),
the Purchaser and the Company shall (i) cause there to be waived any pre-
existing condition, (ii) give effect, in determining any   37 
47 deductible and maximum out-of-pocket limitations, to claims incurred and
amounts paid by, and amounts reimbursed to, such employees with respect to
similar plans maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary immediately prior
to the Closing and (iii) (other than under any Post-Closing Plan which is a
retiree medical plan) recognize all credited service with the Company.  
(d) As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, the Company
shall provide the Purchaser with all of the documentation and information
(including the applicable documentation and information described in Section
3.23(a) of this Agreement) reasonably necessary for the Purchaser to
determine whether a merger of the Company\'s 401(k) plan into
the Purchaser\'s 401(k) plan would require amendment of the Company\'s 401(k)
plan in order to satisfy section 411(d)(6) of the Code and the IRS
regulations and rulings issued pursuant thereto. If the Purchaser determines
that such amendment would be required, then as soon as practicable after that
determination but in any event at least three days prior to the Closing, the
Board of Directors of the Company shall adopt resolutions terminating the
Company\'s 401(k) plan effective as of the date those resolutions are adopted
and authorizing the officers of the Company to take such actions as they
reasonably deem necessary or advisable to implement the termination of the
plan, secure any necessary or advisable governmental approvals, and (subject
to said approvals and any other reasonable conditions) provide for the
transfer of electing participants\' account balances thereunder to the
Purchaser\'s 401(k) plan.   ARTICLE VII   TAX MATTERS   SECTION 7.01.
Indemnity. (a) The Sellers agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify and
hold harmless the Purchaser and its Affiliates, the Company and each
Subsidiary against the following Taxes and against any loss, damage,
liability or expense, including reasonable fees for attorneys and
other outside consultants incurred in contesting or otherwise in connection
with such Taxes (except to the extent such Taxes are specifically identified
as a reserve on the Interim Financial Statements and except for Taxes, other
than those imposed on gross or net income or receipts, accrued in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices since June 30,
2001): (i) Taxes imposed on the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to
taxable periods or portions of taxable periods ending on or before the
Closing Date; (ii) Taxes imposed on the Sellers, or any member of any
affiliated group with which any of the Company or the Subsidiaries file or
have filed a Tax Return on a consolidated, combined or unitary basis, for any
taxable period ending on or before, or including, the Closing Date; (iii)
Taxes imposed on the Purchaser, the Company or any Subsidiary as a result of
any breach of warranty or misrepresentation under Section 3.25; and (iv)
Taxes imposed in connection with the Elections contemplated by Section 7.07
hereof.   (b) In the case of Taxes that are payable with respect to
a taxable period that begins before the Closing Date and ends after the
Closing Date, the portion of any such Tax that is allocable to the portion of
the period ending on the Closing Date shall be:   38  48  (i) in the case
of Taxes that are either (x) based upon or  related to income or receipts, or
(y) imposed in connection with any  sale or other transfer or assignment of
property (real or personal,  tangible or intangible), deemed equal to the
amount which would be  payable if the taxable year ended with the Closing
Date; and   (ii) in the case of Taxes imposed on a periodic basis with 
respect to the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary or otherwise  measured
by the level of any item, deemed to be the amount of such  Taxes for the
entire period, multiplied by a fraction the numerator of  which is the number
of calendar days in the period ending on the  Closing Date and the
denominator of which is the number of calendar  days in the entire
period.   SECTION 7.02. Tax Returns and Payments. (a) From the date of this
Agreement through and after the Closing Date, the Sellers shall prepare
and file or otherwise furnish in proper form to the appropriate
Governmental Authority (or cause to be prepared and filed or so furnished) in
a timely manner all Tax Returns relating to the Company and the Subsidiaries
that are due on or before or relate to any taxable period ending on or before
the Closing Date (and the Purchaser shall do the same with respect to any
taxable period ending after the Closing Date). Tax Returns of the Company and
the Subsidiaries not yet filed for any taxable period that begins before the
Closing Date shall be prepared in a manner consistent with past practices
employed with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries (except to the
extent counsel for the Sellers or the Company render a legal opinion that
there is no reasonable basis in law therefor or determines that a Tax Return
cannot be so prepared and filed without being subject to penalties). With
respect to each Tax Return relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
that is required to be filed by the Sellers, the Purchaser shall be provided
by the Sellers with a copy of such completed Tax Return (together with
appropriate supporting information and schedules) at least 20 Business Days
prior to the due date (including any extension thereof) for the filing of
such Tax Return, and Purchaser and its authorized representatives shall have
the right to review and comment on such Tax Return prior to its filing. With
respect to each Tax Return relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
that is required to be filed by the Purchaser and as to which an amount of
Tax is allocable to the Sellers under Section 7.01 hereof, the Purchaser
shall provide the Sellers\' Representative with a copy of such completed Tax
Return (together with appropriate supporting information and schedules), and
a statement setting forth the amount of Tax that is allocable to the Sellers,
at least 20 Business Days prior to the due date (including any extension
thereof) for the filing of such Tax Return, and the Sellers\' Representative
and its authorized representatives shall have the right to review and comment
on such Tax Return and statement prior to the filing of such Tax Return.  
(b) The Sellers shall pay or cause to be paid when due and payable all Taxes
with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries for any taxable period
ending on or before the Closing Date (except to the extent specifically
identified as a reserve on the Interim Financial Statements and except for
Taxes, other than those imposed on gross or net income or receipts, accrued
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices since June
30, 2001) and the Purchaser shall so pay or cause to be paid Taxes for
any taxable period after the Closing Date (subject to its right of
indemnification from the Sellers by the date set forth in Section 7.04 for
Taxes attributable to the portion of any Tax period that includes the Closing
Date pursuant to Section 7.01(a) and 7.01(b)).   39  49  SECTION 7.03.
Contests. (a) After the Closing, the Purchaser shall promptly notify the
Sellers\' Representative in writing of any written notice of a proposed
assessment or claim in an audit or administrative or judicial proceeding of
the Purchaser or any of the Company and the Subsidiaries which, if determined
adversely to the taxpayer, would be grounds for indemnification under this
Article VII; provided, however, that the failure to give such notice will not
affect the Purchaser\'s right to indemnification under this Article VII
except to the extent, if any, that, but for such failure, the Sellers could
have avoided all or a portion of the Tax liability in question.   (b) In the
case of an audit or administrative or judicial proceeding that relates to
periods ending on or before the Closing Date, provided that the Sellers
acknowledge in writing their liability under this Agreement to hold the
Purchaser and its Affiliates, the Company and the Subsidiaries harmless
against the full amount of any adjustment which may be made as a result of
such audit or proceeding that relates to periods ending on or before the
Closing Date (or, in the case of any taxable year that includes the Closing
Date, against an adjustment allocable under Section 7.01(b) to the portion of
such year ending on or before the Closing Date), the Sellers\' Representative
shall have the right at its expense to participate in and control the conduct
of such audit or proceeding, but only to the extent that such audit or
proceeding relates solely to a potential adjustment for which the
Sellers have acknowledged their liability; the Purchaser also may participate
in any such audit or proceeding and, if the Sellers\' Representative does not
assume the defense of any such audit or proceeding, the Purchaser may defend
the same in such manner as it may deem appropriate, including, but not
limited to, settling such audit or proceeding after 20 days\' prior written
notice to the Sellers\' Representative setting forth the terms and conditions
of settlement. In the event that issues relating to a potential adjustment
for which the Sellers have acknowledged their liability are required to be
dealt with in the same proceeding as separate issues relating to a potential
adjustment for which the Purchaser would be liable, the Purchaser shall have
the right, at its expense, to control the audit proceeding with respect to
the latter issues.   (c) With respect to issues relating to a potential
adjustment for which both the Sellers (as evidenced by their acknowledgement
under this Section 7.03) and the Purchaser or the Company or any Subsidiary
could be liable, (i) both Purchaser and the Sellers\' Representative may
participate in the audit or proceedings, and (ii) the audit or proceedings
shall be controlled by that party which would bear the burden of the greater
portion of the sum of the adjustment and any corresponding adjustments that
may reasonably be anticipated for future Tax periods. The principle set forth
in the immediately preceding sentence shall govern also for purposes of
deciding any issue that must be decided jointly (including, without
limitation, choice of judicial forum) in situations in which separate issues
are otherwise controlled under this Article VII by the Purchaser and the
Sellers Representative.   (d) Neither the Purchaser nor the Sellers shall
enter into any compromise or agree to settle any claim pursuant to any Tax
audit or proceeding which would adversely affect the other party for such
year or a subsequent year without the written consent of the other party
(which consent, in the case of the Sellers, shall be given by the Sellers\'
Representative on behalf of all the Sellers), which consent may not be
unreasonably withheld. The Purchaser and the   40  50 Sellers agree to
cooperate, and the Purchaser agrees to cause the Company and the Subsidiaries
to cooperate, in the defense against or compromise of any claim in any audit
or proceeding.   SECTION 7.04. Time of Payment. Payment by the Sellers of
any amounts due under this Article VII in respect of Taxes shall be made (a)
at least three Business Days before the due date of the applicable estimated
or final Tax Return required to be filed by the Purchaser on which is
required to be reported income for a period ending after the Closing Date for
which the Sellers are responsible under Section 7.01(a) and 7.01(b) without
regard to whether the Tax Return shows overall net income or loss for such
period, and (b) within three Business Days following an agreement between the
Sellers\' Representative and the Purchaser that an indemnity amount is
payable, an assessment of a Tax by a taxing authority, or a "determination"
as defined in section 1313(a) of the Code. If liability under this Article
VII is in respect of costs or expenses other than Taxes, payment by the
Sellers of any amounts due under this Article VII shall be made within five
Business Days after the date when the Sellers have been notified by the
Purchaser that the Sellers have a liability for a determinable amount under
this Article VII and are provided with calculations or other materials
supporting such liability.   SECTION 7.05. Cooperation and Exchange of
Information. The Sellers and the Purchaser will provide each other with such
cooperation and information as either of them reasonably may request of the
other in filing any Tax Return, amended Tax Return or claim for refund,
determining a liability for Taxes or a right to a refund of Taxes,
participating in or conducting any audit or other proceeding in respect of
Taxes or making representations to or furnishing information to parties
subsequently desiring to purchase any of the Company or the Subsidiaries from
the Purchaser. Such cooperation and information shall include providing
copies of relevant Tax Returns or portions thereof, together with
accompanying schedules, related work papers and documents relating to rulings
or other determinations by Tax authorities. Each of the Sellers and the
Purchaser shall retain all Tax Returns, schedules and work papers,
records and other documents in its possession relating to Tax matters of the
Company and the Subsidiaries for each taxable period first ending after the
Closing Date and for all prior taxable periods until the later of (a) the
expiration of the statute of limitations of the taxable periods to which such
Tax Returns and other documents relate, without regard to extensions except
to the extent notified by the other party in writing of such extensions for
the respective Tax periods, or (b) six years following the due date (without
extension) for such Tax Returns. Any information obtained under this Section
7.05 shall be kept confidential, except as may be otherwise necessary in
connection with the filing of Tax Returns or claims for refund or in
conducting an audit or other proceeding.   SECTION 7.06. Conveyance Taxes.
The Sellers and the Purchaser shall each be liable for 50% of any real
property transfer or gains, sales, use, transfer, value added, stock
transfer, and stamp taxes, and any similar Taxes which become payable in
connection with the sale of Shares pursuant to this Agreement. The Sellers,
after the review and consent by the Purchaser, shall file such applications
and documents as shall permit any such Tax to be assessed and paid on or
prior to the Closing Date in accordance with any available pre-sale filing
procedure. The Purchaser shall execute and deliver all instruments and
certificates necessary to enable the Sellers to comply with
the foregoing.   41  51  SECTION 7.07. Section 338(h)(10) Election. (a)
The Sellers agree, upon the written request of the Purchaser, to join with
Purchaser in making an election under section 338(g) and 338(h)(10) of the
Code and any similar election as may be available under applicable state or
local laws (the "Elections"), and in taking all steps necessary to effectuate
the same.   (b) For purposes of making such Elections, the Purchaser
shall determine the value of the tangible and intangible assets of the
affected entities and shall timely provide the Sellers with an allocation of
the Purchaser\'s "adjusted grossed-up basis" in the Shares (within the
meaning of the Treasury Regulations under section 338 of the Code) to such
assets (the "Allocation"). The Allocation shall be binding upon the Purchaser
and the Sellers for purposes of allocating the "deemed selling price" (within
the meaning of the Treasury Regulations) among the assets of the affected
entities; provided, however, that, if the Sellers believe that all or a
portion of the Allocation is materially incorrect, an independent accounting
firm shall be selected by the Sellers\' and the Purchaser\'s accounting
firms, subject to the approval of both the Sellers and the Purchaser, to
determine whether the Allocation is materially incorrect and the
determination of such independent accounting firm shall be final. If the
independent accounting firm determines that the Allocation is not materially
incorrect, the Sellers and the Purchaser shall be bound by the Allocation. If
the independent accounting firm determines that the Allocation (or any
portion thereof) is materially incorrect, the Sellers and the Purchaser shall
be bound by the Allocation, as adjusted by such independent accounting
firm.   SECTION 7.08. Miscellaneous. (a) The Sellers and the
Purchaser agree that all payments made by either of them to or for the
benefit of the other (including any payments to the Company or any
Subsidiary) under this Article VII, under other indemnity provisions of this
Agreement and for any misrepresentations or breaches of warranties or
covenants shall be treated as adjustments to the Purchase Price or as capital
contributions for Tax purposes and that such treatment shall govern for
purposes hereof, except to the extent that the Laws of a particular
jurisdiction provide otherwise, in which case such payments shall be made in
an amount sufficient to indemnify the relevant party on an after-Tax
basis.   (b) The portion of the Purchase Price allocable to the covenant
not to compete, set forth in Section 5.07 and the Shares shall be agreed,
prior to the Closing Date. In the event that the parties fail to so agree,
the portion so allocable shall be determined by an independent
valuation firm, the fees of which shall be shared equally. Neither the
Sellers nor the Purchaser shall file any Tax Return, or take a position with
a Tax authority, that is inconsistent with the allocation of the Purchase
Price set forth herein and calculated under Section 7.07. Each of the Sellers
and the Purchaser agree to cooperate with the other in preparing Form 8594
for filing by each and to furnish the other with a copy of such form prepared
in draft form within a reasonable period before its filing due date.   (c)
Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, the
obligations of the Sellers to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and
its Affiliates, the Company and the Subsidiaries pursuant to this Article
VII, and the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.25, shall
terminate at the close of business on the 120th day following the expiration
of the applicable statute of limitations with respect to the Tax liabilities
in question (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or
extension thereof).   42  52  ARTICLE VIII   CONDITIONS TO CLOSING  
SECTION 8.01. Conditions to Obligations of the Sellers. The obligations of
the Sellers to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be subject to the fulfillment or written waiver, at or prior to the
Closing, of each of the following conditions:   (a) Representations,
Warranties and Covenants. The  representations and warranties of the
Purchaser contained in this  Agreement (i) that are not qualified by
"materiality" or "Purchaser  Material Adverse Effect" shall have been true
and correct in all  material respects when made and shall be true and correct
in all  material respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and
effect  as if made as of the Closing Date and (ii) that are qualified by 
"materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" shall have been true and  correct
when made and shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date,  except the
representation contained in Section 4.04(b) and except to  the extent such
representations and warranties are as of another date,  in which case, such
representations and warranties shall be true and  correct as of that date, in
each case, with the same force and effect  as if made as of the Closing Date,
and the covenants and agreements  contained in this Agreement to be complied
with by the Purchaser on or  before the Closing Date shall have been complied
with in all material  respects, and the Sellers shall have received a
certificate from the  Purchaser to such effect signed by a duly authorized
officer thereof;   (b) HSR Act. Any waiting period (and any extension
thereof)  under the HSR Act applicable to the purchase of the Shares
contemplated  by this Agreement shall have expired or shall have been
terminated;   (c) No Proceeding or Litigation. No Action shall have been 
commenced by or before any Governmental Authority against either the  Sellers
or the Purchaser seeking to restrain or materially and  adversely alter the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, which  is reasonably likely to
render it impossible or unlawful to consummate  such transactions or which is
reasonably likely to have a Purchaser  Material Adverse Effect;   (d)
Ancillary Agreements. The Purchaser shall have executed  and delivered to the
Sellers each of the Ancillary Agreements to which  it is a party;   (e)
Employment Agreements. The Employment Agreements shall  have been executed
and delivered to the Company;   (f) Registration Statement. The Registration
Statement shall  have been declared effective, and no stop order terminating
the  effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued or 
threatened;   (g) NASDAQ Listing. The shares of Purchaser Common Stock to
be  issued to the Sellers hereunder shall have been duly listed on NASDAQ, 
subject to official notice of issuance; and   43  53  (h) Opinion of
Counsel. The shareholders shall have received  an opinion of Shearman and
Sterling, counsel to the Purchaser, dated the  date of the Closing, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit 8.01.   SECTION 8.02. Conditions to
Obligations of the Purchaser. The obligations of the Purchaser to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the
fulfillment or written waiver, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The 
representations and warranties of the Sellers contained in this  Agreement
(i) that are not qualified by "materiality" or "Material  Adverse Effect"
shall have been true and correct in all material  respects when made and
shall be true and correct in all material  respects as of the Closing Date
with the same force and effect as if  made as of the Closing Date and (ii)
that are qualified by  "materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" shall have
been true and  correct when made and shall be true and correct as of the
Closing Date,  except to the extent such representations and warranties are
as of  another date, in which case, such representations and warranties
shall  be true and correct as of that date, in each case, with the same
force  and effect as if made as of the Closing Date, and the covenants and 
agreements contained in this Agreement to be complied with by the  Sellers on
or before the Closing Date shall have been complied with in  all material
respects, and the Purchaser shall have received a  certificate of the Sellers
to such effect signed by a duly authorized  officer thereof;   (b) HSR Act.
Any waiting period (and any extension thereof)  under the HSR Act applicable
to the purchase of the Shares contemplated  by this Agreement shall have
expired or shall have been terminated;   (c) No Proceeding or Litigation. No
Action shall have been  commenced or threatened by or before any Governmental
Authority against  either the Sellers or the Purchaser seeking to restrain or
materially  and adversely alter the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement,  which is reasonably likely to render it impossible or unlawful
to  consummate such transactions or which is reasonably likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect;   (d) Consents and Approvals. The Purchaser and the
Sellers  shall have received, each in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory  to the Purchaser, all authorizations, consents, orders and
approvals of  all Governmental Authorities and officials and all third party
consents  and estoppel certificates listed on Exhibit 8.02(d);   (e) No
Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect  shall have occurred;  
(f) Ancillary Agreements. The Sellers shall have executed and  delivered to
the Purchaser each of the Ancillary Agreements to which it  is a party;  
(g) Employment Agreements. The Employment Agreements shall  have been
executed and delivered to the Company and the Purchaser and  no party to an
Employee Agreement shall be in breach thereof;   44  54  (h) Certificate
of Non-Foreign Status. Each of the Sellers  shall have provided the Purchaser
with a Certificate of non-foreign  status (in a form satisfactory to the
Purchaser) for purposes of  sections 897 and 1445 of the Code;   (i)
Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall  have been declared
effective, and no stop order terminating the  effectiveness of the
Registration Statement shall have been issued or  threatened;   (j) NASDAQ
Listing. The shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be  issued to the Sellers
hereunder shall have been duly listed on NASDAQ,  subject to official notice
of issuance;   (k) Shareholder Agreement Termination. The Shareholder 
Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to Section 5 thereof; and  
(l) Opinion of Counsel. The shareholders shall have received  an opinion of
Stearns Weaver Miller Weissler Alhadeff and Sitterson,  P.A., counsel to the
Sellers, dated the date of the Closing, in the  form attached hereto as
Exhibit 8.02.   ARTICLE IX   INDEMNIFICATION   SECTION 9.01. Survival of
Representations and Warranties. (a) The representations and warranties of the
Sellers contained in this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements shall
survive the Closing until the second anniversary of the Closing Date;
provided, however, that (i) the representations and warranties made pursuant
to Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03 and 3.04 shall survive indefinitely, (ii) the
representations and warranties dealing with Tax matters shall survive as
provided in Section 7.08(c), and (iii) insofar as any claim is made by the
Purchaser for the breach of any representation or warranty of the Sellers
contained herein relating to environmental matters, such representations and
warranties shall, for purposes of such claims by the Purchaser, survive
the Closing until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations
with respect to the environmental liabilities (giving effect to any
waiver, mitigation or extension thereof). If written notice of a claim has
been given prior to the expiration of the applicable representations and
warranties by the Purchaser to the Sellers, then the relevant representations
and warranties shall survive as to such claim, until such claim has been
finally resolved.   (b) The representations and warranties of the
Purchaser contained in this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements shall
survive the Closing until the second anniversary of the Closing Date. If
written notice of a Claim has been given prior to the expiration of the
applicable representations and warranties by the Sellers to the Purchaser,
then the relevant representations and warranties shall survive as to such
Claim, until such Claim has been finally resolved.   SECTION 9.02.
Indemnification by the Principal Sellers. (a) The Purchaser and its
Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns
(each a "Purchaser   45  55 Indemnified Party") shall be indemnified and
held harmless by Paul Mittentag and Adrianne Mittentag, jointly and
severally, and the other Principal Sellers severally for and against any and
all Liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs and expenses, interest,
awards, judgments and penalties (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys\' fees and expenses) actually suffered or incurred by them
(including, without limitation, any Action brought or otherwise initiated by
any of them) (hereinafter a "Loss"), arising out of or resulting from:  
(i) the breach of any representation or warranty made by the  Principal
Sellers contained in this Agreement or the Ancillary  Agreements;   (ii)
the breach of any covenant or agreement by the  Principal Sellers contained
in this Agreement or the Ancillary  Agreements; and   (iii) Liabilities of
the Company or any Subsidiary, whether  arising before or after the Closing
Date, arising from or relating to  any of the items listed in subsection (b)
of Section 3.14 of the  Disclosure Schedule.   (b) A Purchaser Indemnified
Party shall give the Principal Sellers notice of any matter which a Purchaser
Indemnified Party has determined has given or could give rise to a right of
indemnification under this Agreement, within 60 days of such determination,
stating the amount of the Loss, if known, and method of computation thereof,
and containing a reference to the provisions of this Agreement in respect of
which such right of indemnification is claimed or arises. The obligations and
Liabilities of the Principal Sellers under this Article IX with respect to
Losses arising from claims of any third party which are subject to the
indemnification provided for in this Article IX ("Third Party Claims") shall
be governed by and be contingent upon the following additional terms and
conditions: if a Purchaser Indemnified Party shall receive notice of any
Third Party Claim, the Purchaser Indemnified Party shall give the
Principal Sellers notice of such Third Party Claim within 30 days of the
receipt by the Purchaser Indemnified Party of such notice; provided, however,
that the failure to provide such notice shall not release the Principal
Sellers from any of their obligations under this Article IX except to the
extent that the Principal Sellers are materially prejudiced by such failure
and shall not relieve the Principal Sellers from any other obligation or
Liability that they may have to any Purchaser Indemnified Party otherwise
than under this Article IX. If the Principal Sellers acknowledge in writing
their obligation to indemnify the Purchaser Indemnified Party hereunder
against any Losses that may result from such Third Party Claim, then the
Principal Sellers shall be entitled to assume and control the defense of such
Third Party Claim at their expense and through counsel of their choice if
they give notice of their intention to do so to the Purchaser Indemnified
Party within five days of the receipt of such notice from the Purchaser
Indemnified Party; provided, however, that, if there exists or is reasonably
likely to exist a conflict of interest that would make it inappropriate in
the judgment of the Purchaser Indemnified Party in its sole and absolute
discretion for the same counsel to represent both the Purchaser Indemnified
Party and the Principal Sellers, then the Purchaser Indemnified Party shall
be entitled to retain its own counsel in each jurisdiction for which the
Purchaser Indemnified Party determines counsel is required, at the expense of
the Principal Sellers. In the event that the Principal Sellers exercise
the right to undertake any such defense against any such Third Party Claim
as provided above, the Purchaser Indemnified Party shall cooperate with
the Principal Sellers in such defense and make available   46  56 to the
Principal Sellers, at the Principal Sellers\' expense, all
witnesses, pertinent records, materials and information in the Purchaser
Indemnified Party\'s possession or under the Purchaser Indemnified Party\'s
control relating thereto as is reasonably required by the Principal Sellers.
Similarly, in the event the Purchaser Indemnified Party is, directly or
indirectly, conducting the defense against any such Third Party Claim, the
Principal Sellers shall cooperate with the Purchaser Indemnified Party in
such defense and make available to the Purchaser Indemnified Party, at the
Principal Sellers\' expense, all such witnesses, records, materials and
information in the Principal Sellers\' possession or under the Principal
Sellers\' control relating thereto as is reasonably required by the Purchaser
Indemnified Party. No such Third Party Claim may be settled by the Principal
Sellers without the prior written consent of the Purchaser Indemnified Party
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that no
Purchaser Indemnified Party shall be required to consent to any settlement
that involves any relief to any party other than the payment of monetary
damages.   SECTION 9.03. Indemnification by the Purchaser. (a) The Sellers
and their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees,
agents, successors and assigns (each a "Seller Indemnified Party") shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Purchaser for and against any and all
Losses, arising out of or resulting from:   (i) the breach of any
representation or warranty made by  the Purchaser contained in this Agreement
or the Ancillary Agreements;  or   (ii) the breach of any covenant or
agreement by the  Purchaser contained in this Agreement or the Ancillary
Agreements.   (b) A Seller Indemnified Party shall give the Purchaser
notice of any matter which such the Seller Indemnified Party has determined
has given rise to a right of indemnification under this Agreement, within 60
days of such determination, stating the amount of the Loss, if known, and
method of computation thereof, and containing a reference to the provisions
of this Agreement in respect of which such right of indemnification is
claimed or arises. The obligations and Liabilities of the Purchaser under
this Article IX with respect to Losses arising from Third Party Claims shall
be governed by and be contingent upon the following additional terms and
conditions: if a Seller Indemnified Party shall receive notice of any Third
Party Claim, such Seller Indemnified Party shall give the Purchaser notice of
such Third Party Claim within 30 days of the receipt by the Seller
Indemnified Party of such notice; provided, however, that the failure to
provide such notice shall not release the Purchaser from any of its
obligations under this Article IX except to the extent that the Purchaser is
materially prejudiced by such failure and shall not relieve the Purchaser
from any other obligation or Liability that it may have to any Seller
Indemnified Party otherwise than under this Article IX. If the Purchaser
acknowledges in writing its obligation to indemnify a Seller Indemnified
Party hereunder against any Losses that may result from such Third Party
Claim, then the Purchaser shall be entitled to assume and control the defense
of such Third Party Claim at its expense and through counsel of its choice if
it gives notice of its intention to do so to such Seller Indemnified Party
within five days of the receipt of such notice from the Seller
Indemnified Party; provided, however, that, if there exists or is reasonably
likely to exist a conflict of interest that would make it inappropriate in
the judgment of such Seller Indemnified Party in its sole and absolute  
47  57 discretion, for the same counsel to represent both the Seller
Indemnified Party and the Purchaser, then the Seller Indemnified Party shall
be entitled to retain its own counsel, in each jurisdiction for which the
Seller Indemnified Party determines counsel is required, at the expense of
the Purchaser. In the event that the Purchaser exercises the right to
undertake any such defense against any such Third Party Claim as provided
above, the Seller Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the Purchaser in
such defense and make available to the Purchaser, at the Purchaser\'s
expense, all witnesses, pertinent records, materials and information in the
Seller Indemnified Party\'s possession or under the Seller Indemnified
Party\'s control relating thereto as is reasonably required by the Purchaser.
Similarly, in the event the Seller Indemnified Party is, directly or
indirectly, conducting the defense against any such Third Party Claim, the
Purchaser shall cooperate with the Seller Indemnified Party in such defense
and make available to the Seller Indemnified Party, at the
Purchaser\'s expense, all such witnesses, records, materials and information
in the Purchaser\'s possession or under the Purchaser\'s control relating
thereto as is reasonably required by the Seller Indemnified Party. No such
Third Party Claim may be settled by the Purchaser without the prior written
consent of the Seller Indemnified Party which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that no Seller Indemnified Party
shall be required to consent to any settlement that involves any relief to
any party other than the payment of monetary damages.   SECTION 9.04.
Limits on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement: (a) an Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any
claim for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.02(a)(i) or 9.03(a)(i),
unless and until the aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses which may be
recovered from the Indemnifying Party equals or exceeds $625,000 for such
Losses from the first dollar thereof, after which the Indemnifying Party
shall be liable for such Losses from the first dollar thereof; (b) no Losses
may be claimed under Section 9.02(a)(i) or 9.03(a)(i) by an Indemnified Party
or shall be reimbursable by an Indemnifying Party or shall be included in
calculating the aggregate Losses set forth in clause (a) above other than
Losses in excess of $5,000 resulting from any single or aggregated claims
arising out of the same facts, events or circumstances and (c) the maximum
amount of indemnifiable Losses which may be recovered from an Indemnified
Party arising out of or resulting from the causes set forth in Section
9.02(a)(i) or 9.03(a)(i), as the case may be, shall be an amount equal to
$25,000,000; provided, however, that the maximum amount of
indemnifiable Losses which may be recovered from the Principal Sellers
arising out of or resulting from environmental liabilities or Tax liabilities
shall be an amount equal to $43,750,000 plus 25% of the Adjustment
Amount.   SECTION 9.05. Distributions from Escrow Fund. In the event that
(a) the Sellers shall not have objected to the amount claimed by
the Purchaser for indemnification with respect to any Loss in accordance with
the procedures set forth in the Escrow Agreement or (b) the Sellers shall
have delivered notice of their disagreement as to the amount of any
indemnification requested by the Purchaser and either (i) the Sellers and the
Purchaser shall have, subsequent to the giving of such notice, mutually
agreed that the Sellers are obligated to indemnify the Purchaser for a
specified amount and shall have so jointly notified the Escrow Agent or (ii)
a final nonappealable judgment shall have been rendered by the court having
jurisdiction over the matters relating to such claim by the Purchaser for
indemnification from the Sellers and the Escrow Agent shall have received, in
the case of clause (i) above, written instructions from the   48 
58 Sellers and the Purchaser or, in the case of clause (ii) above, a copy of
the final nonappealable judgment of the court, the Escrow Agent shall deliver
to the Purchaser from the Escrow Fund any amount determined to be owed to the
Purchaser under this Article IX or under Article VII hereof in accordance
with the Escrow Agreement.   SECTION 9.06. Tax Matters. Anything in this
Article IX (except for the specific reference to Tax matters in Section 9.01
and 9.06 and the specific limitations set forth in the proviso to the final
sentence of Section 9.04) to the contrary notwithstanding, the rights and
obligations of the parties with respect to indemnification for any and all
Tax matters shall be governed by Article VII.   SECTION 9.07. Sellers\'
Representative; Approval of Sellers. (a) Paul Mittentag is hereby constituted
and appointed as agent for and on behalf of the Sellers (the "Sellers\'
Representative") to give and receive notices and communications, to agree to,
negotiate, enter into settlements and compromises of, and demand arbitration
and comply with orders of courts and awards of arbitrators with respect to
such claims, and to take all actions necessary or appropriate in the judgment
of the Sellers\' Representative for the accomplishment of the foregoing. Such
agency may be changed by a vote of holders of a majority of the Shares
immediately prior to the Closing upon not less than ten Business Days\' prior
written notice to the Purchaser. In the event of the death or disability (for
more than 40 Business Days) of the Sellers\' Representative or his
resignation as Sellers\' Representative and until a successor Sellers\'
Representative shall be appointed as provided above, Adrianne Mittentag shall
act as the Sellers\' Representative pending the appointment of the successor
Sellers\' Representative. No bond shall be required of the
Sellers\' Representative and the Sellers\' Representative shall receive no
compensation for his/her services. Notices or communications to or from the
Sellers\' Representative shall constitute notice to or from each of the
Sellers. In connection with this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement, and any
instrument, agreement or document relating hereto or thereto, and in
exercising or failing to exercise all or any of the powers conferred upon the
Sellers\' Representative hereunder or thereunder, the Sellers\'
Representative shall incur no responsibility whatsoever to any Seller by
reason of any error in judgment or other act or omission performed or omitted
hereunder or thereunder or any other agreement, instrument or document,
excepting the only responsibility for any act or failure to act which
represents willful misconduct. The Sellers\' Representative shall be
indemnified, jointly and severally, by the Sellers against all Losses of any
nature whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with any claim or
proceeding relating to the acts or omissions of the Sellers\' Representative
hereunder or pursuant to any Ancillary Agreement.   (b) A decision, act,
consent or instruction of the Sellers\' Representative shall constitute a
decision of all Sellers and shall be final, binding and conclusive upon each
such Seller, and the Purchaser may rely upon any such decision, act, consent,
or instruction of the Sellers\' Representative as being the decision, act,
consent or instruction of each Seller. The Purchaser is hereby relieved from
any liability to any person for any acts done by it in accordance with such
decision, act, consent or instruction of the Sellers\' Representative.  
(c) The Purchaser and the Company agree that, after the Closing, the
reasonable administrative expenses of Sellers\' Representative, but not any
fees or expenses of   49  59 attorneys or other advisors, shall be paid
from time to time from the Escrow Fund; provided that such fees and expenses
of attorneys and other advisors may be paid only out of, and prior to, any
final distribution from the Escrow Fund to the Sellers.   SECTION 9.08.
Other Indemnity Matters. (a) In the absence of fraud (i) the parties hereto
agree that from and after the Closing Date their sole and exclusive remedy
with respect to breaches of the representations and warranties contained
herein shall be the indemnification provisions of this Article IX and (ii)
that with respect to breaches of representations and warranties of the
Principal Sellers other than those relating to environmental liabilities or
Tax, the sole recourse of Purchaser will be to the Escrow Fund held by the
Escrow Agent.   (b) All amounts payable under this Article IX to
any Indemnified Party in respect of any Loss shall be reduced by the amount
of any tax benefits actually realized by such Indemnified Party and shall be
increased by the amount of any tax cost actually incurred by such Indemnified
Party in respect of such Loss or such indemnity payments.   (c) With
respect to breaches of the representation and warranty of the Purchaser
contained in Section 4.04(b), for which the Sellers are entitled to
indemnification under Article IX, the Sellers shall recover losses (subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 9.04) in shares of Purchaser Common
Stock valued based on the closing price as reported on the NASDAQ National
Market System one day prior to the payment by the Purchaser to the Sellers
pursuant hereto.   (d) Each Principal Seller, other than Paul Mittentag
and Adrianne Mittentag shall have a maximum liability with respect to any of
the Principal Sellers\' indemnification obligations hereunder equal to such
Principal Sellers\' pro rata portion of any such obligation.   ARTICLE
X   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   SECTION 10.01. Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:   (a) by
either the Sellers or the Purchaser if the Closing  shall not have occurred
by October 31, 2001; provided, however, that  the right to terminate this
Agreement under this Section 10.01(a) shall  not be available to any party
whose failure to fulfill any obligation  under this Agreement shall have been
the cause of, or shall have  resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur
on or prior to such  date;   (b) by either the Purchaser or the Sellers in
the event that  any Governmental Authority shall have issued an order, decree
or ruling  or taken any other action restraining, enjoining or otherwise 
prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and such  order,
decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and  nonappealable;
or   50  60  (c) by the mutual written consent of the Sellers and the 
Purchaser.   SECTION 10.02. Effect of Termination. In the event
of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 10.01, this Agreement
shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of
either party hereto except (a) as set forth in Sections 5.03 and 11.01 and
(b) that nothing herein shall relieve either party from liability for any
breach of this Agreement.   SECTION 10.03. Amendment. This Agreement may
not be amended or modified except (a) by an instrument in writing signed by,
or on behalf of, the Sellers and the Purchaser or (b) by a waiver in
accordance with Section 10.04.   SECTION 10.04. Waiver. Any party to this
Agreement may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties of the other party contained herein or in
any document delivered by the other party pursuant hereto or (c) waive
compliance with any of the agreements of the other party or conditions to
such party\'s obligations contained herein. Any such extension or waiver
shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the
party to be bound thereby. Any waiver of any term or condition shall not be
construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or a subsequent waiver of the
same term or condition, or a waiver of any other term or condition of this
Agreement. The failure of any party to assert any of its rights hereunder
shall not constitute a waiver of any of such rights.   ARTICLE XI  
GENERAL PROVISIONS   SECTION 11.01. Expenses. Except as otherwise specified
in this Agreement, all costs and expenses, including, without limitation,
fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, and
all retention bonuses or other transaction related bonuses paid to employees,
consultants or advisors of the Sellers, the Company or any Subsidiary
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and
expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred. For the avoidance
of doubt, it is understood that neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall reimburse the costs and expenses of the Sellers as set
forth above.   SECTION 11.02. Notices. All notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon
receipt) by delivery in person, by an internationally recognized overnight
courier service, by telecopy or registered or certified mail (postage
prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a
notice given in accordance with this Section 11.02):   51  61  (a) if to
the Sellers:   Paul Mittentag  9 Tahiti Beach Island Road  Coral Gables,
FL 33143  Telecopy: (305) 629-2797   with a copy to:   Stearns Weaver
Miller Weissler  Alhadeff and Sitterson, P.A.  Museum Tower  150 West Flagler
Street  Miami, Florida 33130  Telecopy: (305) 789-3395  Attention: Stuart
D. Ames, Esq.   (b) if to the Purchaser:   B/E Aerospace  1400 Corporate
Center Way  Wellington, FL 33414  Telecopy: (561) 791-3966  Attention:
Edmund J. Moriarty, Esq.  General Counsel and Vice President of Law   with a
copy to:   Shearman and Sterling  599 Lexington Avenue  New York, NY
10022-6069  Telecopy: (212) 848-7179  Attention: Peter J. Rooney, Esq.  
SECTION 11.03. Public Announcements. Except as required by applicable Law or
NASDAQ rules, no party to this Agreement shall make, or cause to be made, any
press release or public announcement in respect of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise communicate with any
news media without the prior written consent of the other party, and the
parties shall cooperate as to the timing and contents of any such press
release or public announcement.   SECTION 11.04. Severability. If any term
or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced by any Law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of
this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect for so long
as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon
such determination that any term or other   52  62 provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of
the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated as originally
contemplated to the greatest extent possible.   SECTION 11.05. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements constitute the entire
agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
thereof and supersede all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and
oral, between the Sellers and the Purchaser with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof.   SECTION 11.06. Assignment. This Agreement may
not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise without the express written
consent of the Sellers and the Purchaser (which consent may be granted or
withheld in the sole discretion of the Sellers or the Purchaser); provided,
however, that the Purchaser may assign this Agreement or any of its rights
and obligations hereunder to one or more Affiliates of the Purchaser without
the consent of the Sellers provided that such assignment shall not relieve
the Purchaser from any of its obligations under this Agreement.   SECTION
11.07. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the provisions of Article IX
relating to indemnified parties, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure solely to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted assigns
and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon
any other Person, including, without limitation, any union or any employee or
former employee of the Sellers, the Company or any Subsidiary, any legal or
equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, including,
without limitation, any rights of employment for any specified period, under
or by reason of this Agreement.   SECTION 11.08. Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of
the State of New York applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed
in that state. All actions and proceedings arising out of or relating to this
Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any state or federal
court sitting in the State of Florida. The parties hereto hereby (a) submit
to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the
State of Florida for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to
this Agreement brought by any party hereto, and (b) irrevocably waive, and
agree not to assert by way of motion, defense, or otherwise, in any such
Action, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of
the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment
or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the
venue of the Action is improper, or that this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement may not be enforced in or by any of the above-
named courts.   SECTION 11.09. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the
parties hereto hereby waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law any right it may have to a trial by jury with respect to any litigation
directly or indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each of the
parties hereto (a) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any
other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party
would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce that   53 
63 foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other party hereto
have been induced to enter into this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, as applicable, by, among other things, the
mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 11.09.   SECTION 11.10.
Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are included
for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.   SECTION 11.11. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission)
in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original,
but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement.   SECTION 11.12. Concerning the Trustees. The parties
each acknowledge and agree that the respective trustees of the trusts are
parties hereto are executing this Agreement in their respective capacities as
trustees and not in their individual capacities. Such trustees shall incur no
personal liability to any party hereunder by virtue of their execution and
delivery of this Agreement or otherwise and the parties hereto agree to look
solely to the assets of the trust parties hereto with respect to any Claims
they may have against such trust.    [Signatures are on next page]  
54  64  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Sellers and the Purchaser have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by
their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.   B/E AEROSPACE,
INC.    By: /s/ Thomas P. McCaffrey 
----------------------------------------  Name: Thomas P. McCaffrey  Title:
Corporate Senior Vice President  of Administration and Chief  Financial
Officer      SELLERS:   /s/ Paul Mittentag 
----------------------------------------  Name: Paul Mittentag    /s/
Adrianne Mittentag  ----------------------------------------  Name: Adrianne
Mittentag    /s/ Stuart Mittentag 
----------------------------------------  Name: Stuart Mittentag    /s/
Mark Mittentag  ----------------------------------------  Name: Mark
Mittentag    /s/ David Leshner  ---------------------------------------- 
Name: David Leshner    /s/ Jennifer Leshner 
----------------------------------------  Name: Jennifer Leshner  65  PAUL
MITTENTAG 1997 6-YEAR GRAT   By: /s/ Steven Goldston 
----------------------------------------  Name: Steven Goldston  Title:
Trustee   PAUL MITTENTAG 1997 8-YEAR GRAT   By: /s/ Steven Goldston 
----------------------------------------  Name: Steven Goldston  Title:
Trustee   By: /s/ Paul Mittentag 
----------------------------------------  Name: Paul Mittentag  Title:
Trustee   PAUL MITTENTAG 2000 8-YEAR GRAT   By: /s/ Steven Goldston 
----------------------------------------  Name: Steven Goldston  Title:
Trustee   By: /s/ Paul Mittentag 
----------------------------------------  Name: Paul Mittentag  Title:
Trustee   ADRIANNE MITTENTAG 1997 8-YEAR GRAT   By: /s/ Steven Goldston 
----------------------------------------  Name: Steven Goldston  Title:
Trustee   By: /s/ Adrianne Mittentag 
----------------------------------------  Name: Adrianne Mittentag  Title:
Trustee   ADRIANNE MITTENTAG 2000 8-YEAR GRAT   By: /s/ Steven Goldston 
----------------------------------------  Name: Steven Goldston  Title:
Trustee   By: /s/ Adrianne Mittentag 
----------------------------------------  Name: Adrianne Mittentag  Title:
Trustee    66  ADRIANNE MITTENTAG 1997 10-YEAR GRAT   By: /s/ Steven
Goldston  ----------------------------------------  Name: Steven Goldston 
Title: Trustee   By: /s/ Adrianne Mittentag 
----------------------------------------  Name: Adrianne Mittentag  Title:
Trustee    '

