     STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   between    ST.
PAUL FIRE AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY     and    OLD MUTUAL
PLC          Dated as of April 26, 2001         SHARES OF
FIDELITY AND GUARANTY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  AND  SHARES OF OLD MUTUAL
PLC    STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of April 26, 2001, between ST.
PAUL FIRE AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY, a Minnesota insurance corporation
("Seller"), and OLD MUTUAL PLC, a public limited company incorporated
in England and Wales ("Parent").   WHEREAS, Seller owns all of the capital
stock of Fidelity and Guaranty Life Insurance Company, a Maryland insurance
company ("FandG; Life"), which in turn directly or indirectly owns all of the
outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of the FandG; Subsidiaries
(as hereinafter defined);   WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell all of
the outstanding capital stock of FandG; Life (the "Shares"), and Parent
desires that a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent to be
designated by Parent prior to the Escrow Closing (as hereinafter defined)
("Purchaser") purchase such capital stock from Seller, in each case on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;  
WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell the Surplus Note (as hereinafter defined),
and Parent desires that a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent to be designated by Parent prior to the Escrow Closing
("Note Purchaser") purchase the Surplus Note from Seller, in each case on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; and  
WHEREAS, Parent agrees to fully and unconditionally guarantee the obligations
of Purchaser and Note Purchaser under this Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as
follows:   ARTICLE ONE    Sale and Purchase  -----------------  
Section 1.1. Sale and Purchase of the Shares and Surplus Note. 
------------------------------------------------ Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions contained herein, at the Closing, Seller shall sell,
assign, transfer, convey and deliver free and clear of all Liens (other than
Liens expressly created or permitted by Parent or Purchaser) (a) to
Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase from Seller, the Shares and (b) to
Note Purchaser, and Note Purchaser shall purchase from Seller, the Surplus
Note.   Section 1.2. Consideration.  -------------  (a) The maximum
consideration for the sale and purchase of the Shares shall be the sum
of:     (i) $285,000,000 plus accrued interest, as more fully set  forth
in Section 1.3(a)(i); and   (ii) a number of Parent Shares equal to the sum
of (A) the  quotient of (1) $300,000,000 divided by (2) the product of  the
Escrow Closing Share Price multiplied by the Escrow  Closing Date Conversion
Rate, and (B) the quotient of (1)  $40,000,000 divided by (2) the product of
the Reference  Share Price multiplied by the Reference Date Conversion 
Rate, in each case as more fully set forth in Sections  1.3(a)(ii) and
1.9(a)(ii), respectively (provided that  Parent shall have the option to
cause Purchaser to deliver  cash in lieu of certain Parent Shares pursuant to
Section  1.9(a)(i)).   (b) The consideration for the sale and purchase of
the Surplus Note shall be the sum of $50,000,000 plus accrued interest as
more fully set forth in Section 1.3(b).   Section 1.3. Consideration to be
Paid at the Escrow Closing.  ---------------------------------------------- 
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, in consideration
for the sale and delivery of the Shares, at the Escrow Closing, the
following (collectively, the "Initial Share Consideration") shall
be delivered to Seller:   (i) Purchaser shall deliver $285,000,000 plus
accrued interest at the LIBOR rate from June 30, 2001 through to the next
Business Day after the Escrow Closing Date (or, if a Closing Date has been
mutually agreed upon in writing by Parent and Seller which is later than then
next Business Day after the Escrow Closing Date, through to such later
Closing Date) in immediately available funds to the client account of the
Seller\'s Lawyers (the "Escrow Account") the details of which will be made
available to Parent in writing by Seller at least three Business Days prior
to the Escrow Closing (the "Cash Consideration"); and  (ii) Parent, on
behalf of Purchaser, shall deliver a number of fully paid (or credited as
fully paid) Parent Shares (as defined below), free and clear of all Liens
(other than Liens expressly created or permitted by Seller), equal to the
quotient of (i) $300,000,000 divided by (ii) the average closing price (the
"Escrow Closing Share Price") of a Parent Share on the London Stock Exchange
("LSE") (multiplied by the Escrow Closing Date Conversion Rate) as reported
in the European edition of The Wall Street Journal, or, if not reported
therein, The Financial Times, for the 10 consecutive trading days prior to
(but not including) the Escrow Closing Date (the "Initial Parent Shares"),
each of which shall have been duly allotted and issued by Parent immediately
prior to the Escrow Closing subject only to their being admitted to the
Official List of the UK Listing Authority ("UKLA") and admitted to trading on
the LSE market for listed securities (both admissions taken together,
the "Listing"). For purposes of this Section 1.3, "Escrow Closing Date
Conversion Rate" means the U.S. dollar/British Pound exchange rate as
reported in the United States (Eastern edition) of The Wall Street Journal
for the Business Day immediately preceding the Escrow Closing Date.    
(b) Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, in consideration
for the sale and delivery of the Surplus Note, at the Escrow Closing, Note
Purchaser shall deliver $50,000,000 plus accrued interest on the Surplus
Note through to the next Business Day after the Escrow Closing Date (or, if
a Closing Date has been mutually agreed upon in writing by Parent and Seller
which is later than the next Business Day after the Escrow Closing Date,
through to such later Closing Date), in immediately available funds to
the Escrow Account (the "Surplus Note Consideration").   Section 1.4.
Escrow Closing.  --------------  Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, the escrow closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares
and of the Surplus Note (the "Escrow Closing") shall occur at the offices of
Sullivan and Cromwell, 125 Broad Street, New York, New York at 10:00 A.M. New
York City time, on the earliest date reasonably practicable (but no
later than the third Business Day) following the satisfaction or waiver of
all conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby (other than conditions with respect to
actions the parties will take at the Escrow Closing itself), or such other
location, time or date as may be agreed to in writing by Seller and Parent
(the "Escrow Closing Date").   Section 1.5. Transactions on the Escrow
Closing Date.  ---------------------------------------  At the Escrow
Closing:   (a) Seller will deliver to Parent\'s Lawyers (who shall
hold them in escrow and, in the case of documents to be dated the Closing
Date, undated, to the order of Seller pending closing on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Lawyers\' Escrow Instruction
Letter) (i) the Surplus Note duly endorsed or accompanied by a note power (in
form reasonably satisfactory to counsel for Parent) in favor of Note
Purchaser, (ii) certificates representing the Shares, duly endorsed or
accompanied by stock powers (in form reasonably satisfactory to counsel for
Parent) in favor of Purchaser and accompanied by any requisite transfer
tax stamps, (iii) the certificate referred to in Section 8.4.7 of this
Agreement, (iv) the License Agreement, duly executed and delivered by Seller,
(v) the Indemnification Agreement duly executed and delivered by The St.
Paul, Seller, United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company and FandG; Life, and
(vi) such other documents and instruments required to be delivered by Seller
under the terms of this Agreement; and   (b) Parent (on behalf of Purchaser
and Note Purchaser), Purchaser and Note Purchaser, as appropriate, will
deliver to Seller\'s Lawyers (who shall hold such cash sums and documents in
escrow and, in the case of documents to be dated the Closing Date, undated,
to the order of Purchaser and Note Purchaser pending Closing on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Lawyers\' Escrow Instruction
Letter) (i) the Cash Consideration and the Surplus Note Consideration, (ii) a
share certificate or share certificates for the Initial Parent Shares in the
name of Seller or such affiliate or affiliates of Seller as Seller may
direct and accompanied by any requisite transfer tax stamps, (iii) the
certificate referred to in Section 8.3.7 of this Agreement, (iv) the
Indemnification Agreement duly executed and delivered by Parent, (v) the
License Agreement, duly executed and delivered by Parent, and (vi) such
other documents and instruments required to be delivered by Parent under the
terms of this Agreement.     (c) Parent (on behalf of Purchaser and Note
Purchaser) and Seller will issue to Parent\'s Lawyers and Seller\'s
Lawyers jointly a letter in a form to be mutually agreed upon in good faith
by Seller and Parent (the "Lawyers\' Escrow Instruction Letter") setting out
the basis on which the items referred to above in this Section 1.5 are to be
held in escrow by each of them respectively and Parent (on behalf of
Purchaser and Note Purchaser) will deliver to Seller a copy of such letter
counter-signed by Parent\'s Lawyers in which Parent\'s Lawyers undertake to
Seller and Parent to comply with the terms of the said letter and,
likewise, Seller will deliver to Parent a copy of such letter
counter- signed by Seller\'s Lawyers in which Seller\'s Lawyers undertake to
Parent and Seller to comply with the terms of the said letter.   Section
1.6. Closing.  -------  Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares and the
Surplus Note (the "Closing") shall occur either automatically following the
Escrow Closing once Listing of the Initial Parent Shares has been confirmed
by both the UKLA and the LSE ("Listing Confirmation") or at such other time
or on such other date as may be agreed to in writing by Seller and Parent
(the "Closing Date"), provided that each of Seller and Parent shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such Listing of the Initial Parent
Shares as promptly as possible. Listing Confirmation will be evidenced for
these purposes by, in the case of the UKLA, the dissemination of the
appropriate notice pursuant to Rule 7.1 of the Listing Rules of the UKLA, and
by, in the case of the LSE, an announcement in accordance with paragraph 2.1
of the Admission and Disclosure Standards of the LSE.   Section 1.7.
Transactions on the Closing Date.  --------------------------------   Once
Listing Confirmation has been duly issued by both the UKLA and the LSE then,
as stated above, the Closing will automatically take place in the absence of
a delay agreed to in writing by Parent and Seller. On Closing:   (a)
Parent\'s Lawyers shall date and release to Purchaser and Note Purchaser all
of the documents and instruments referred to in Section 1.5(a) above; and  
(b) Seller\'s Lawyers shall:   (i) transfer the Cash Consideration and
Surplus Note  Consideration to such bank account as Seller may direct;
and     (ii) date and release to Seller all of the documents and 
instruments referred to in Section 1.5(b) above.   Section 1.8. Impaired
Security Purchase Price Adjustment. 
-------------------------------------------   (a) Adjustment. The Initial
Share Consideration shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Impaired
Security Purchase Price Adjustment.   (b) Definitions. The following terms
shall have the meanings set forth below for purposes of this Section 1.8:  
(i) "Aggregate Impaired Amount" means the sum of (A) the  Specified
Investment Securities Losses and (B) the  Downgraded Investment Securities
Losses.   (ii) "Book Value" means, with respect to any investment security,
the amortized cost thereof as determined in accordance with GAAP, provided,
however, that write-downs and similar adjustments subsequent to March 31,
2001 shall be disregarded for purposes of calculating "Book Value".   (iii)
"Impaired Security Purchase Price Adjustment" means an amount equal to the
Aggregate Impaired Amount minus the Upgraded Investment Securities Offset;
provided, however, that the Impaired Security Purchase Price Adjustment
shall in no event be less than zero (0).   (iv) "Non-Investment Grade Credit
Rating" means a credit rating of BB+ or lower from Standard and Poor\'s or Ba1
or lower from Moody\'s.   (v) "Specified Investment Security" means those
investment securities listed on Exhibit A.   (vi) "March 31 Market Value"
means fair value calculated in accordance with GAAP of an investment security
as of March 31, 2001 (or, in the case of investment securities
acquired after March 31, 2001, Book Value).   (vii) "Escrow Closing Date
Market Value" means fair value calculated in accordance with GAAP of an
investment security as of the Escrow Closing Date (or, where applicable, the
proceeds from disposition of any investment security sold prior to the Escrow
Closing Date).   (viii) "Downgraded Investment Security" means
any investment security that (A) has received a credit rating downgrade
from, or been placed on credit watch with negative implications by, Moody\'s
or Standard and Poor\'s after the later of March 31, 2001 and the date of
acquisition thereof by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life and before the
earlier of the Escrow Closing Date and the date which is three Business Days
after the date of disposition thereof, (B) has a Non-Investment Grade Credit
Rating on the Escrow Closing Date, and (C) has an Escrow Closing Date Market
Value which is lower than its March 31 Market Value.     (ix) "Downgraded
Investment Securities Losses" means an amount equal to the difference of (A)
the aggregate March 31 Market Values of all Downgraded Investment Securities
minus (B) the aggregate Escrow Closing Date Market Values of all Downgraded
Investment Securities.   (x) "Specified Investment Securities Losses" means
an amount equal to the difference of (A) the aggregate March 31 Market
Values of all Specified Investment Securities minus (B) the aggregate Escrow
Closing Date Market Values of all Specified Investment Securities.   (xi)
"Upgraded Investment Security" means any investment security that (A) has
received a credit rating upgrade from, or been placed on a credit watch with
positive implications by, Moody\'s or Standard and Poor\'s after the later of
March 31, 2001 and the date of acquisition thereof by FandG; Life or Thomas
Jefferson Life and before the earlier of the Escrow Closing Date and the date
of disposition thereof, (B) has a March 31 Market Value which is greater than
its Book Value, and (C) has an Escrow Closing Date Market Value which
is greater than its March 31 Market Value.   (xii) "Upgraded Investment
Securities Offset" means an amount equal to the difference of (A) the
aggregate Escrow Closing Date Market Values of all Upgraded
Investment Securities minus (B) the aggregate March 31 Market Values of all
Upgraded Investment Securities.   (c) Valuation. As of the Closing Date,
Parent and Seller shall engage a valuation expert mutually agreed upon
by Parent and Seller, and if the parties cannot agree, an alternative
valuation expert designated by the American Arbitration Association (the
"Valuation Expert"). Each of the parties hereto shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Valuation Expert to prepare and deliver as
promptly as practicable (but in no event more than 60 days following the
Escrow Closing Date) a report (the "Impaired Security Purchase Price
Adjustment Report"). All valuations performed or used by the Valuation Expert
shall be conducted using methodologies consistent with the historical
methodologies used by FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life to value investment
securities (including the use of commercial pricing services). The Impaired
Security Purchase Price Adjustment Report shall set forth:     (i) the
March 31 Market Value and Escrow Closing Date  Market Value of each Specified
Investment Security,  Downgraded Investment Security and Upgraded
Investment  Security held by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life at any  time
between March 31, 2001 and the Escrow Closing Date;   (ii) a calculation of
the Specified Investment Securities  Losses;   (iii) a calculation of the
Downgraded Investment  Securities Losses;   (iv) a calculation of the
Upgraded Investment Securities  Offset;   (v) a calculation of the
Aggregate Impaired Amount; and   (vi) a calculation of the Impaired Security
Purchase Price Adjustment.   (d) Cooperation and Review. Parent and Seller
shall take such actions as are reasonably necessary to expedite
the Valuation Expert\'s preparation and delivery of the Impaired Security
Purchase Price Adjustment Report. During the period from the Closing Date
until the date of delivery of the Impaired Security Purchase Price Adjustment
Report, Parent and Seller shall give the Valuation Expert and
other appropriate personnel such assistance and access to the assets and
books and records of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life as the Valuation
Expert shall reasonably request during normal business hours in order to
enable the Valuation Expert to prepare and deliver the Impaired Security
Purchase Price Adjustment Report. The parties shall cause the Valuation
Expert to deliver the Impaired Security Purchase Price Adjustment Report to
both parties promptly following completion thereof. Parent and Seller shall
have the right to review all work papers and procedures used to prepare the
Impaired Security Purchase Price Adjustment Report and shall have the right
to perform any other reasonable procedures necessary to verify the accuracy
thereof. Parent and Seller shall each be responsible for, and shall promptly
pay when due, one-half of the fees and expenses of the Valuation
Expert.     (e) Dispute Resolution. Unless Parent or Seller, within
20 Business Days following the delivery of the Impaired Security Purchase
Price Adjustment Report, notifies the other party in writing (an "Objection
Notice") that it objects to the Impaired Security Purchase Price
Adjustment Report and specifies in reasonable detail (A) the basis for such
objection, (B) all information in such objecting party\'s possession which
forms the basis thereof, and (C) the amount in dispute, such Impaired
Security Purchase Price Adjustment Report shall become final and binding upon
the parties. If an Objection Notice is given, the parties shall consult with
each other with respect to the objection. If the parties are unable to reach
agreement within 20 Business Days after an Objection Notice has been given,
any unresolved disputed items shall be promptly referred to an independent
nationally recognized public accounting firm selected by mutual agreement of
Parent and Seller, or if Parent and Seller are unable to agree within five
Business Days of such 20-day period, an independent nationally recognized
public accounting firm appointed by the American Arbitration Association
acting in accordance with the Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures in
effect at the time the arbitration is initiated (the "Unrelated
Accounting Firm"). The Unrelated Accounting Firm shall be directed to render
a written report on the unresolved disputed issues with respect to the
Impaired Security Purchase Price Adjustment Report within 90 days of the
submission of such disputed issues to them and to resolve only those issues
of dispute set forth in the Objection Notice. The resolution of the dispute
by the Unrelated Accounting Firm shall be final and binding on the parties.
Parent and Seller agree to cooperate with each other and with each
other\'s authorized representatives to resolve any and all matters
in dispute as soon as practicable. The fees and expenses of the Unrelated
Accounting Firm shall be borne equally by Seller and Parent.   (f) Within
two (2) Business Days after the final determination of any adjustment
pursuant to this Section 1.8, Seller shall pay to Purchaser the amount of
any adjustment required. Any payment pursuant to this Section 1.8 shall be
made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
by Purchaser and shall be accompanied by immediately available funds in an
amount equal to interest accruing on such payment at the LIBOR rate from the
Closing Date to the date of payment.   Section 1.9. Consideration to be
Provided on the Reference Date. 
--------------------------------------------------  (a) On the Reference
Date, if the product of (i) the number of Initial Parent Shares, adjusted to
reflect any subdivision or consolidation of such shares or any bonus shares
issued in respect of such shares after the Escrow Closing Date but on or
prior to the Reference Date, multiplied by (ii) the Reference Share Price
multiplied by the Reference Date Conversion Rate (such product of
(i) multiplied by (ii) being the "Reference Date Value") is less than
$300,000,000, at Parent\'s option, either:   (i) Purchaser shall deliver to
Seller by wire transfer in  immediately available funds an amount equal to
the  difference of (A) $300,000,000 minus (B) the Reference Date  Value
(provided, however, that any payment by Purchaser  pursuant to this Section
1.9(a)(i) shall in no event be  greater than $40,000,000); or   (ii)
Parent, on behalf of Purchaser, shall allot and issue to Seller or an
affiliate or affiliates of Seller as Seller may direct fully paid (or
credited as fully paid) and free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens
expressly created or permitted by Seller) a number of duly allotted and
issued Parent Shares (the "Reference Date Shares") equal to the quotient of
(A) $300,000,000 minus the Reference Date Value divided by (B) the Reference
Share Price multiplied by the Reference Date Conversion Rate (provided,
however, that the numerator referred to in Section 1.9(a)(ii)(A) shall in
no event be greater than $40,000,000);    provided, however, that if on
the Reference Date, the Reference Date Value is greater than $330,000,000,
Purchaser shall not be obligated to make any payment and Parent, on behalf
of Purchaser, shall not be obligated to deliver any Parent Shares pursuant to
this Section 1.9, and Seller shall, at Seller\'s option, either:   (x)
deliver to Purchaser by wire transfer in  immediately available funds an
amount equal to the  difference of (A) the Reference Date Value minus (B) 
$330,000,000; or   (y) deliver to Purchaser a sum equal to the  amount
realized by Seller, net of any fee or discount,  upon the sale to third
parties through a broker or  brokers designated by Parent, free and clear of
all  Liens (other than Liens expressly created or permitted  by Parent or
Purchaser), of a number of Parent Shares  equal to the quotient of (A) the
Reference Date Value  minus $330,000,000 divided by (B) the Reference Share 
Price multiplied by the Reference Date Conversion Rate.   (b) "Reference
Share Price" shall mean the average closing price of a Parent Share on the
LSE as reported in the European edition of The Wall Street Journal, or, if
not reported therein, The Financial Times, for the 10 consecutive trading
days prior to (but not including) the Reference Date.   (c) "Reference Date
Conversion Rate" means the U.S. Dollar/British Pound exchange rate as
reported in the United States (Eastern Edition) of The Wall Street Journal
for the Business Day immediately preceding the Reference Date.   Section
1.10. Transfer Restrictions on Initial Parent Shares. 
----------------------------------------------   (a) (i) Prior to the
Reference Date, Seller shall not directly or indirectly Transfer or attempt
to Transfer any Initial Parent Shares. As used in this Agreement, "Transfer"
means the making of any sale, exchange, assignment, hypothecation, gift,
security interest, pledge or other encumbrance, or any agreement therefor,
any voting trust or other agreement or arrangement with respect to the
transfer of voting rights or any other transfer or disposition whatsoever,
whether voluntary or involuntary, affecting the right, title, interest
or possession in or to such Initial Parent Shares. Any purported Transfer of
Parent Shares in violation of this Section 1.10 shall be of no force or
effect. Seller agrees not to sell, transfer, pledge, rehypothecate or enter
into any transaction based upon the value of the Parent Shares, including,
without limitation, any transaction involving futures, options, derivatives
or similar instruments or strategies designed to hedge all or a portion of
the risks associated with ownership of the Parent Shares. For purposes of
greater clarity, nothing in this Section 1.10(a)(i) shall prevent Seller from
hedging the currency risk associated with its holdings of Parent Shares or
making use of derivatives on broad based indices of U.K. or South African
stocks (including futures on such indices, options on such futures, and
options and swaps on such indices).     (ii) Notwithstanding anything
contained in Section 1.10(a)(i), Seller shall have the right at any time
to Transfer any or all of the Initial Parent Shares (in each case provided
that any and all Persons to whom or to which any Initial Parent Shares are
Transferred in accordance with this Section 1.10 agree to be bound by this
Section 1.10 and execute and deliver to Parent an agreement in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent to such effect) to (A) The St.
Paul or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of The St. Paul or (B)
as required by Law (as defined in Section 3.2).   (b) Seller may Transfer
Initial Parent Shares from and after the Reference Date; provided, however,
that any Transfer shall comply with the requirements of Regulation S under
the Securities Act of 1933 or be exempt from the registration requirements of
such Act. Any such Transfers shall be made, at Seller\'s option, either:  
(i) Through any broker selected by Seller, provided that: (A) the number of
Parent Shares sold by Seller on any trading day pursuant to this Section
1.10(b)(i) shall not exceed 25% of the average trading volume of Parent
Shares on the LSE in the 10 trading days preceding such trading day and (B)
the number of Parent Shares sold by Seller in any six month period shall not
exceed 25% of the number of Parent Shares acquired by Seller from Parent
pursuant to this Agreement; or   (ii) Without regard to any volume
limitations, in one or more placements through brokers managed consistent
with normal market practice in the United Kingdom; provided, that Parent, at
its option, may designate one of two joint bookrunners for each such
placement. If Parent designates a joint bookrunner for a placement
("Parent\'s Bookrunner"), Seller shall designate the other joint bookrunner
("Seller\'s Bookrunner"). Seller may negotiate fee arrangements (including
placement commissions or market discounts) with Seller\'s Bookrunner and
Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause Parent\'s
Bookrunner to match the fee arrangements of Seller\'s Bookrunner. To the
extent that Parent\'s Bookrunner is unwilling to agree to fee arrangements
that are at least as favorable to Seller as those offered by Seller\'s
Bookrunner, Seller shall not be obliged to involve Parent\'s Bookrunner in
the placement. If Parent\'s Bookrunner for a placement is unable or
unwilling to proceed with the placement at a time that Seller and
its designated Bookrunner wish to commence the placement (provided that
Parent\'s Bookrunner shall have been given reasonable advance notice
thereof), Seller shall be free to proceed with the placement without the
participation of Parent\'s designated Bookrunner. To the extent
reasonably requested by Seller, and to the extent Parent and
Parent officers, upon advice of counsel, may do so consistent
with applicable Law, Parent officers shall participate in road show
presentations to facilitate the sale of Parent Shares in such placements.
Seller agrees that in connection with any placement it will instruct the
bookrunners for the placement: (A) to consult with (but not to take
instructions from) Parent regarding the placement and to keep
Parent reasonably informed concerning the status and terms of
such placement; and (B) that Seller wishes the bookrunners to use reasonable
efforts to place the Parent Shares being sold by Seller with long term
investors and to place such Parent Shares in a manner consistent with the
maintenance of an orderly market; provided, in the case of each of (A)
and (B), that such considerations do not disadvantage the Seller regarding
the price it obtains for such Parent Shares.     (c) In addition, Seller
may Transfer Initial Parent Shares at any time and in any manner with the
prior written consent of Parent.   Section 1.11. Fractional Shares. 
-----------------  No fraction of a Parent Share will be issued pursuant to
Section 1.3(a)(ii) or Section 1.9(a)(ii), but in lieu thereof Seller shall
receive from Purchaser an amount in U.S. dollars in cash (rounded down to the
nearest whole cent), without interest thereon, equal to the product of
(A) such fraction and (B) the Escrow Closing Share Price or Reference Share
Price, as the case may be, and (C) the Escrow Closing Date Conversion Rate
(with respect to the Escrow Closing Share Price) or the Reference Date
Conversion Rate (with respect to the Reference Share Price).   Section
1.12. Parent Guarantee.  ----------------  Parent hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably guarantees the due and punctual performance of all
the obligations of Purchaser and Note Purchaser under this Agreement. Prior
to the Escrow Closing, Parent shall cause each of Purchaser and Note
Purchaser to authorize, execute and deliver this Agreement and assume its
respective obligations as a party hereunder.   ARTICLE TWO   
Definitions  -----------   Section 2.1. Definitions.  -----------  (a)
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below
throughout this Agreement:   (i) "African Exchanges" means the Johannesburg
Securities Exchange and the Malawi, Namibian and Zimbabwe
Stock Exchanges.   (ii) "Agreement" means this Stock Purchase Agreement,
dated as of April 26, 2001, between Seller and Parent.   (iii) "Business
Day" means a day which is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday in New
York or London.     (iv) "Contracts" shall mean agreements, contracts
(other than contracts implied in law) and commitments (other
than agreements, contracts or commitments relating to assets in the
investment portfolios of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries entered
into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or
mortgage loans or other assets held in FandG; Life\'s or any FandG; Subsidiary\'s
investment portfolio) of the following types, to which FandG; Life or any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries is a party or by which FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is bound as of the date
hereof: (A) any mortgage, indenture, loan or credit agreement,
security agreement or other agreement or instrument relating to
the borrowing of money or extension of credit in any case in excess of
$1,000,000 (other than intercompany loans), (B) any collective bargaining
agreement, (C) any agreement with any Person containing any provision or
covenant currently or hereafter in effect (other than restrictions agreed to
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in
confidentiality agreements or insurance agent, broker, producer, marketing or
distribution agreements to which FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life is a
party, in each case other than those agreements that purport to bind
any affiliates of FandG; Life other than the FandG; Subsidiaries) (i) limiting
the ability of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary to (1) sell any products or
services of or to any other Person, (2) engage in any line of business, or
(3) compete with or obtain products or services from any Person or (ii)
limiting the ability of any Person to compete with or to provide products or
services to FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary, in the case of clauses (i) and
(ii), except for confidentiality or marketing and distribution agreements
providing that FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary will not use information
provided under such agreements to develop an insurance product substantially
similar to another Person\'s proprietary product, (D) all contracts pursuant
to which FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary has agreed to indemnify or hold
harmless any Person (other than hold harmless agreements entered into with
public school districts or other Government Entities in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice in connection with distribution of
FandG; Life\'s tax sheltered annuity products, indemnifications or
hold harmless covenants which have lapsed, customary indemnifications and
hold harmless covenants contained in insurance policies, annuity contracts or
reinsurance contracts issued by FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, agreements
entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
pursuant to which FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary agrees to indemnify others
for negligence or wrongful acts of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary), (E)
the leases set forth in Section 3.9(a) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, (F)
all reinsurance and retrocession contracts providing for reinsurance or
retrocession premiums in excess of $1,000,000 annually, (G) all outstanding
written proxies, powers of attorney, or similar delegations of authority
of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary (other than those that are immaterial or
given in connection with insurance policies or those given in the ordinary
course of business in connection with customary insurance agency or brokerage
or other agency or sales agreements), (H) all agreements with any
present individual officer, director, employee, agent (other than insurance
agent), consultant, or other similar representative of FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary or former    individual officer, director, employee, agent
(other than insurance agent), consultant or similar representative thereof
(other than change in control agreements, and marketing and distribution
agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice) under which there exists any present or future liability with
respect to such contract requiring payments to any such individual in excess
of $200,000 annually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate over any three-year
period, (I) any other agreement, contract or commitment (other than
insurance policies, annuity contracts, reinsurance agreements, insurance
agency or brokerage or other agency or sales agreements entered into in the
ordinary course of business) which, in any case, requires payments or
receipts by a party thereto after the date of this Agreement of more
than $1,000,000 annually or $5,000,000 in the aggregate over any three-year
period, and (J) the current insurance agent, broker or producer agreements
between FandG; Life and each of (i) the 10 FandG; Producers that accounted for
the highest sales in FandG; Life\'s annuity brokerage sales channel during the
calendar year ended December 31, 2000, and (ii) the 10 FandG; Producers that
accounted for the highest sales in FandG; Life\'s life brokerage sales channel
during the calendar year ended December 31, 2000. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the term "Contracts" shall include
the Agreement for Information Services and Third-Party Administrative
Services, dated November 13, 1995, between FandG; Life and Alliance-One
Services, Inc. ("Alliance") (as successor to Alliance One Services, L.P.),
together with all amendments thereto, the Agreement for Information
Services, dated April 12, 1996, between Thomas Jefferson Life and Alliance,
together with all amendments thereto, and the Agreement for Third Party
Administrative Services, dated March 31, 1997, between Thomas Jefferson Life
and Alliance, together with all amendments thereto.   (v) "Environmental
Law" means any applicable Law, license, permit or other legal requirement
enacted, promulgated or otherwise mandated by any Government Entity (A) for
the protection of the environment (including air, water, soil and natural
resources), or (B) regulating the use, storage, handling, emission,
discharge, migration, transportation, release or disposal of Hazardous
Substances, in each case as presently in effect in the relevant
jurisdiction. (vi) "FandG; Life" means Fidelity and Guaranty Life
Insurance Company, a Maryland stock insurer. (vii) "FandG; Life\'s Business"
means the businesses and activities of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries as
presently conducted, and the interests, properties, assets and liabilities
of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (viii) "FandG;
Subsidiaries" means Thomas Jefferson Life together with FandG; Securities,
Inc., a Maryland corporation, FandG; Brokerage, Inc., a Maryland corporation,
Fidelity and Guaranty Assignment, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company,
and Mt. Washington Investment Group, LLC, a Maryland limited liability
company.     (ix) "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States.   (x) "Government Entity" means any
federal, state, local, municipal, county, foreign or other governmental,
quasi- governmental, administrative or regulatory authority, body, agency,
court, tribunal, commission or other similar governmental entity (including
any branch, department, agency or political subdivision thereof).   (xi)
"Guaranty Agreements" means (i) the Guaranty dated February 3, 1999 by Seller
for the benefit of FandG; Life, and (ii) the letter agreement dated February 9,
1999 from Seller to Duff and Phelps Credit Rating Company (Fitch).   (xii)
"Hazardous Substance" means any material, substance or waste presently
listed, defined, designated or classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive, a
pollutant, a contaminant or words of similar meaning or regulatory effect by
any Government Entity, including petroleum, any derivative or by-product
thereof, asbestos, and polychlorinated biphenyls.   (xiii) "Intellectual
Property" means computer software, patents and patentable materials,
trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, service marks, copyrights,
inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable), know-how and
other intellectual property rights and applications therefor, registrations
thereof and licenses or other rights in respect thereof.   (xiv) "IRS"
means the Internal Revenue Service.   (xv) "Knowledge of Parent" means the
actual knowledge, within the scope of his or her responsibility,
after reasonable inquiry of persons who directly report to him or her and
are known to him or her to have specialized knowledge of the subject matter
at issue, of the Chairman and Chief Executive, the Chief Executive,
Financial Services, the Chief Executive, Life or the Group Finance Director
of Parent.   (xvi) "Knowledge of Seller" means the actual knowledge, within
the scope of his or her responsibility, after reasonable inquiry of persons
who directly report to him or her and are known to him or her to have
specialized knowledge of the subject matter at issue, of (i) the
Chief Executive Officer and President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Vice
President-Corporate Controller or the General Counsel of Seller or (ii) the
President, any Executive Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer or
the General Counsel of FandG; Life, Thomas Jefferson Life.     (xvii)
"LIBOR" means the 3 month London Interbank Offered Rate, determined as the
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in United States dollars
which appears on the display designated as page "LIBO" on the Reuters
Data Terminal (or such other page as may replace the LIBO page on that
service for the purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates of major
banks) at approximately 11:00 A.M. London time on the date on which LIBOR is
to be determined.   (xviii) "Lien" means any mortgage, pledge,
security interest, lien, adverse claim, levy, charge or similar encumbrance
or any conditional sales agreement or title retention agreement.   (xix)
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (A) the assets,
business, financial condition or results of operations of FandG; Life and the
FandG; Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, but shall not include any changes
or effects (x) to the extent relating to or resulting from general economic,
political or market conditions, including (i) changes after the date of this
Agreement in any Law or in the interpretation of any Law by any Government
Entity and (ii) changes in GAAP or SAP, (y) to the extent arising from or
associated with adverse developments in the life insurance industry generally
or (z) to the extent attributable to the public announcement of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or the identity
or business strategy of Parent, (B) the legality, validity or enforceability
of any material provision of this Agreement and the material agreements and
instruments to be entered into in connection herewith or (C) the ability of
Seller to perform its material obligations under this Agreement or any of
the other Transaction Agreements.   (xx) "NASD" means the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.   (xxi) "Parent" means Old Mutual
plc.   (xxii) "Parent Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse
effect on (A) the assets, business, financial condition or results of
operations of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, but shall
not include any changes or effects (x) to the extent relating to
or resulting from general economic, political or market conditions,
including (i) changes after the date of this Agreement in any Law or in the
interpretation of any Law by any Government Entity and (ii) changes in
applicable accounting standards, including, without limitation, GAAP, U.K.
GAAP and generally accepted accounting principles in South Africa, (y) to the
extent arising from or associated with adverse developments in the life
insurance, casualty insurance, asset management or brokerage
industries generally or (z) to the extent attributable to the
public announcement of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, (B) the legality, validity or enforceability of any material
provision of this Agreement and the material agreements and instruments to be
entered into in connection herewith or (C) the ability of Parent to perform
its material obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Agreements.     (xxiii) "Parent Principal Subsidiary" means any of:  
(A) Old Mutual (US) Holdings Inc. (formerly known as United  Asset Management
Corporation); or   (B) any Subsidiary of Parent whose gross assets are
equal  to five percent or more of the gross assets of Parent and  the Parent
Subsidiaries; or   (C) any Subsidiary of Parent whose operating profits
before  tax and extraordinary and exceptional items are equal to  five
percent or more of the consolidated operating profits  before tax and
extraordinary and exceptional items of Parent  and the Parent Subsidiaries;
or   (D) any Subsidiary of Parent to which has been transferred  (whether
by one or a series of transactions, related or not)  the whole or
substantially the whole of the assets of a  Subsidiary of Parent which,
immediately prior to such  transactions or any of such transactions, was a
Parent  Principal Subsidiary by virtue of (B) or (C) above.   For the
purpose of this definition:   1. the gross assets or operating profits
before tax and  extraordinary and exceptional items of a company shall be 
ascertained by reference to the latest audited (where  appropriate) accounts
(consolidated in the case of a company  which itself has Subsidiaries and
which, in the normal  course, prepares consolidated accounts) of that
company  adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect any company  (determined on
the same basis) subsequently acquired or  disposed of;   2. the gross
assets or operating profits before tax and  extraordinary and exceptional
items of Parent and the Parent  Subsidiaries shall be ascertained by
reference to the latest  audited consolidated accounts of Parent and the
Parent  Subsidiaries, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect any  company
(determined on the same basis) subsequently acquired  or disposed of;    
3. a Parent Principal Subsidiary which has become a Parent  Principal
Subsidiary under paragraph (D) above as a result  of a transfer from a Parent
Principal Subsidiary which is a  Parent Principal Subsidiary by virtue of
paragraph (B) or  (C) above shall cease to be a Parent Principal Subsidiary
on  the date of publication of the first audited consolidated  accounts of
Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries prepared as  of a date after that Parent
Principal Subsidiary became a  Parent Principal Subsidiary, unless that
Parent Principal  Subsidiary remains to be treated as a Parent Principal 
Subsidiary by virtue of paragraph (B) or (C) above; and   4. if a Subsidiary
of Parent becomes a Parent Principal  Subsidiary under paragraph (D) above,
then the Parent  Principal Subsidiary from which the relevant transfer was 
made shall, subject to paragraphs (B) and (C) above, cease  to be a Parent
Principal Subsidiary.   (xxiv) "Parent Subsidiaries" means each of
the Subsidiaries of Parent.   (xxv) "Parent\'s Business" means the
businesses and activities of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries as presently
conducted, and the interests, properties, assets and liabilities of Parent
and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (xxvi) "Parent\'s
Disclosure Schedule" means the Disclosure Schedule delivered by Parent to
Seller, dated as of the date hereof.   (xxvii) "Parent\'s Lawyers" means
Weil, Gotshal and Manges LLP, at 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10153-0119.  
(xxviii) "Person" means any individual, corporation (including any non-profit
corporation), general or limited partnership, limited liability company,
limited liability partnership, firm, joint venture, joint-stock
company, trust, estate, association, unincorporated
organization, governmental, judicial or regulatory body or other entity
of any kind or nature.   (xxix) "Prepaid Note" means the Promissory Note
dated December 22, 1999, payable by FandG; Life to Seller in the original
principal amount of $40,000,000.00.   (xxx) "Reference Date" means the date
that is one year after the Closing Date.   (xxxi) "SEC" means the
Securities and Exchange Commission.     (xxxii) "Seller" means St. Paul
Fire and Marine Insurance Company, a Minnesota insurance corporation.  
(xxxiii) "Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule" means the Disclosure Schedule
delivered by Seller to Parent, dated as of the date hereof.   (xxxiv)
"Seller\'s Lawyers" means Sullivan and Cromwell, at 125 Broad Street, New York,
NY 10004.   (xxxv) "Specified Matters" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(a)(xxxv) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule.   (xxxvi)
"Structured Settlements Program" means the business relationships and
arrangements in effect as of the date of this Agreement between (i) Seller
and certain liability insurers that are subsidiaries of Seller (collectively
with Seller, the "Structured Settlement Purchasers") and (ii) FandG; Life,
Fidelity and Guaranty Assignment, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of FandG; Life,
and Thomas Jefferson Life, under which FandG; Life, in the case of non-New
York business, or Thomas Jefferson Life, in the case of New York business,
sells to the Structured Settlement Purchasers or, as the case may be,
Fidelity and Guaranty Assignment, LLC, as assignee, in accordance with Section
130 of the Code, immediate annuity contracts or funding agreements to fund
the obligations of the Structured Settlement Purchasers for periodic payment
of damages for personal injuries established by settlement or judgment
in resolution of a tort claim or for periodic payments in settlement of a
workers\' compensation claim or any other claim against any Structured
Settlement Purchaser.   (xxxvii) "Subsidiary" means (i) a subsidiary within
the meaning of section 736 of the U.K. Companies Act 1985, as amended by
section 144 of the U.K. Companies Act 1989; and (ii) unless the context
otherwise requires, a subsidiary undertaking within the meaning of section 21
of the U.K. Companies Act 1989.   (xxxviii) "Surplus Note" means the
Promissory Note dated December 12, 2000, payable by FandG; Life to Seller in
the original principal amount of $50,000,000.00.   (xxxix) "Tax" or "Taxes"
means any federal, foreign, state or local income, business, alternative or
add-on minimum taxes, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad
valorem, value added, transfer, transfer gains, net worth,
franchise, profits, premium, license, withholding, payroll,
employment, custom, duty or other taxes, governmental fees or
like assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any
interest, penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed by any
governmental or taxing authority and shall include any liability in respect
of Taxes as a transferee or as an indemnitor, guarantor, surety or in a
similar capacity under any contract, arrangement, agreement, understanding
or commitment (whether oral or written).     (xl) "Tax Return" means any
return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or
statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule or
attachment thereto.   (xli) "The St. Paul" means The St. Paul Companies,
Inc., a Minnesota general business corporation.   (xlii) "Thomas Jefferson
Life" means Thomas Jefferson Life Insurance Company, a New York stock life
insurance company.   (xliii) "Transaction Agreements" means this Agreement,
the Indemnification Agreement and the License Agreement.   (xliv) "U.K.
GAAP" means accounting principles generally accepted in the United
Kingdom.   (b) The following terms shall have the respective meanings set
forth in the relevant Section referred to below throughout this
Agreement:  Agency 4.5 Agreements and Instruments 4.6 Audited Statutory
Financial Statements 3.6(b) Authorization 4.5 Basket 9.2(c) Business
Employees 5.3.1(a) Cash Consideration 1.3(a)(i) Closing 1.6 Closing Date
1.6 COBRA 3.11 Code 3.11 Damages 9.2(l) Dual Covered Claim
9.2(d) Environmental Permits 3.25(a)(i) ERISA 3.11 ERISA Affiliate
3.11 Escrow Account 1.3(a)(i) Escrow Closing 1.4 Escrow Closing Date
1.4 Escrow Closing Date Conversion Rate 1.3(a)(ii) Escrow Closing Share
Price 1.3(a)(ii)    FandG; Plans 3.11 FandG; Producers 3.22(a) GAAP
Financial Information 3.6(a) HSR 3.3 Impaired Security Purchase  Price
Adjustment Report 1.8(c) Indemnifiable ERISA Losses 9.2(h) Indemnifiable
Market Misconduct 9.2(k) Indemnification Agreement 8.3.3 Indemnified Party
9.2(f) Indemnifying Party 9.2(f) Initial Parent Shares 1.3(a)(ii) Initial
Share Consideration 1.3(a) Invalid Provision 10.17 Laws 3.2 Lawyers\'
Escrow Instruction Letter 1.5(c) License Agreement 8.3.6 Listing
1.3(a)(ii) Listing Confirmation 1.6 Litigation 3.16 LSE
1.3(a)(ii) Negative Parent Changes 6.1(k) Negative Seller Changes
6.1(k) Note Purchaser Recitals Objection Notice 1.8(e) OM Life Insurance
Subsidiary 5.3.1(a) OM Life Insurance Subsidiary\'s DC Plan 5.3.1(b) Parent
Benefit 6.1(k) Parent Changes 6.1(k) Parent Detriment 6.1(k) Parent
Financial Statements 4.8 Parent Indemnitee 9.2(a) Parent Interim Financial
Statement 5.2.3 Parent Shares 4.1(c) Parent\'s Bookrunner
1.10(b)(ii) Pension Plan 3.11 Permits 3.21 Plans 3.11 Positive Parent
Changes 6.1(k) Positive Seller Changes 6.1(k) Post-Closing Tax Period
6.1(c) Preliminary Offering Circular 4.7(a) Protocols 5.3.2(a) Purchaser
Recitals    Quarterly GAAP Financial Information 5.1.3 Quarterly
Statutory Statement 5.1.3 Reference Date Conversion Rate 1.9(c) Reference
Date Shares 1.9(a)(ii) Reference Date Value 1.9(a) Reference Share Price
1.9(b) Related Costs 6.1(a) SAP 3.6(c) Seller Benefit 6.1(k) Seller
Changes 6.1(k) Seller Detriment 6.1(k) Seller Indemnitee 9.2(b) Seller\'s
Bookrunner 1.10(b)(ii) Shares Recitals St. Paul DC Plans 5.3.1(b) Statutory
Statements 3.6(b) Surplus Note Consideration 1.3(b) Tax Benefit
6.1(d) Transfer 1.10(a)(i) UKLA 1.3(a)(ii) Unrelated Accounting Firm
1.8(e) Valuation Expert 1.8(c) WARN 3.12   ARTICLE THREE  
Representations and Warranties of Seller 
----------------------------------------   Seller represents and warrants to
Parent as follows:   Section 3.1. Corporate Status and Authority. 
------------------------------  Seller is an insurance corporation
duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Minnesota, and Seller has full right, power and authority and
has taken all corporate action necessary in order to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party,
to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement has been, and
the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party, when executed and
delivered will be, duly executed and delivered by Seller and this Agreement
is, and the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party, when
executed and delivered will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of
Seller enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights and to
general equity principles.     Section 3.2. Non-Contravention. 
-----------------  Subject to the obtaining of certain consents or approvals
indicated in Section 3.3 of this Agreement or in Section 3.2 of Seller\'s
Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party by
Seller and the consummation by Seller of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby will not (x) contravene, conflict with, or
constitute or result in a breach or violation of (i) any statute, regulation,
rule, binding interpretation, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling,
charge, arbitration award or ruling or other binding restriction of any
Government Entity ("Laws") to which Seller, FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries (or any of their respective assets) is subject, or (ii) any
provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other
organizational documents of Seller, FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries or (y) violate, conflict with, result in a breach
of, constitute (or with notice or upon the expiration of applicable grace or
cure periods or both constitute) a default under, result in the acceleration
of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, cancel
or require any notice under any agreement, contract, lease, license or
instrument to which FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries is a party or
by which any of them are bound or to which any of their properties or assets
is subject, or create any Liens on any properties or assets owned by
FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, in the case of clauses (x)(i) and
(y), the effect of which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or is
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.3.
Government Approvals, Consents and Filings. 
------------------------------------------  No consent, approval,
authorization, order, filing, registration or notification is required to
be obtained by Seller, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries from, or
made or given by Seller, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries to, any
Government Entity in connection with the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement or the other Transaction Agreements or the consummation of
the transactions specifically provided for hereby or thereby or by any
agreement entered into pursuant hereto, except (x) filings with the Federal
Trade Commission and the Department of Justice that may be required with
respect to the acquisition of the Shares by Purchaser, pursuant to the
Hart- Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended ("HSR"),
and the expiration or early termination of the waiting period thereunder and
(y) as otherwise indicated in Section 3.3 of Seller\'s Disclosure
Schedule.   Section 3.4. Corporate Status and Shares of FandG; Life. 
---------------------------------------  (a) FandG; Life (x) is an insurance
company duly incorporated and validly existing under, and is in
good standing under, the laws of the State of Maryland, (y) with full power
and authority to conduct its business and to own or lease and operate its
properties as and in the places where such business is now conducted and such
properties are now owned or leased and operated, with such exceptions
as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are not reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. FandG; Life is qualified or otherwise
authorized to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or held by
it under lease or license or FandG; Life\'s Business requires such
qualification or authorization, except where the failure so to qualify or be
authorized, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and is not
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
foregoing qualifications and authorizations, together with those indicated
in Section 3.21 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, are sufficient in all
material respects for the conduct of FandG; Life\'s Business as presently
conducted.     (b) The authorized capital stock of FandG; Life consists
of 50,000 shares of common stock, par value $100.00 per share, of which
30,000 shares are issued and outstanding. The Shares constitute all of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of FandG; Life. All of the Shares are
owned beneficially and of record by Seller, free and clear of any Liens.
All of the Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully
paid and nonassessable. Except for rights created pursuant to this Agreement,
there are no outstanding options, warrants, securities, rights (preemptive or
other), subscriptions, calls, or other agreements of any kind that give any
Person the right to purchase or otherwise receive or be issued any shares of
capital stock of FandG; Life, or any security convertible into or exchangeable
for any shares of capital stock of FandG; Life and no authorization therefor
has been given. There are no voting arrangements with respect to the Shares
and, assuming receipt of the approvals and consents indicated in Section 3.3
of this Agreement and Section 3.3 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule and in
Section 4.3 of this Agreement and Section 4.3 of Purchaser\'s Disclosure
Schedule, there are no restrictions on Seller\'s ability to transfer the
Shares to Purchaser at the Closing free and clear of any Liens (other than
Liens expressly created or permitted by Parent or Purchaser). Upon
delivery of the Initial Share Consideration and the Surplus
Note Consideration, Purchaser will acquire good and marketable title to the
Shares, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens expressly created or
permitted by Parent or Purchaser).   (c) Other than as set forth in Section
3.4(c) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, there are no restrictions
or limitations on the payment of dividends by FandG; Life other than as
provided by statute or regulation.   Section 3.5. FandG; Subsidiaries. 
----------------  (a) The FandG; Subsidiaries are the only Persons (other than
low income housing limited partnerships and similar tax credit investments
held in FandG; Life\'s or Thomas Jefferson Life\'s investment portfolios) in
which FandG; Life owns 50% or more of the capital stock or other
equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors,
or the equivalent thereof. The FandG; Subsidiaries (x) are duly organized,
validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of their respective
jurisdictions of organization, (y) with full power and authority to
conduct their respective businesses as they are now being conducted and to
own or lease and operate their respective properties as and in the places
where such businesses are now conducted and such properties are now owned or
leased and operated, with such exceptions as, individually or in the
aggregate, have not had and are not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The FandG; Subsidiaries are qualified or otherwise authorized
to do business and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the
character of the properties owned or held under lease or license or
the character of any of the FandG; Subsidiaries\' businesses requires such
qualification or authorization, except where the failure to so qualify or be
so authorized, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and is not
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.     (b) The
authorized capital stock of Thomas Jefferson Life consists of 500,000 shares
of common stock, par value $2.00 per share, of which 220,000 shares are
issued and outstanding. The authorized capital stock of FandG; Securities,
Inc. consists of 10,000 shares of common stock, par value $10.00 per share,
all of which are issued and outstanding. The authorized capital stock of FandG;
Brokerage, Inc. consists of 100,000 shares of common stock, par value $1.00
per share, of which 10,000 shares are issued and outstanding. The membership
interest in Fidelity and Guaranty Assignment, LLC consists of $100.00.   (c)
All the issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock or other equity
interests of each of the FandG; Subsidiaries are owned beneficially and of
record by FandG; Life, free and clear of any Liens. All the issued
and outstanding shares or other equity interests of each of the FandG;
Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid
and nonassessable. There are no outstanding options, warrants, securities,
rights (preemptive or other), subscriptions, calls, or other agreements of
any kind that give any Person the right to purchase or otherwise receive or
be issued any of the shares of capital stock or other equity interests of any
of the FandG; Subsidiaries, or any security convertible into or exchangeable
for any shares of capital stock or other equity interests of any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries and no authorization therefor has been given. There are no
voting arrangements with respect to the shares of capital stock or other
equity interests of any of the FandG; Subsidiaries.   (d) Other than as set
forth in Section 3.5(d) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, there are no
restrictions or limitations on the payment of dividends or
other distributions by any of the FandG; Subsidiaries other than as provided
by statute or regulation.   Section 3.6. Financial Statements and Statutory
Reports.  ------------------------------------------  (a) Seller has
previously furnished to Parent unaudited consolidated (i) balance sheets of
FandG; Life as of December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, and (ii) income
statements of FandG; Life for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999
and 2000, each of which has been prepared on a basis consistent with GAAP,
it being acknowledged, however, that FandG; Life\'s status as a wholly owned
indirect subsidiary of The St. Paul results in GAAP not requiring FandG;
Life\'s financial statements to include, among other things, footnotes
and statements of changes in stockholders\' equity and cash
flows (collectively, the "GAAP Financial Information").     (b) Seller
has previously furnished to Parent the following statutory statements, in
each case together with the exhibits, schedules and notes thereto and any
affirmations and certifications filed therewith (collectively,
the "Statutory Statements"): (i) the annual statements of FandG; Life and
Thomas Jefferson Life as at December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, in each case as
filed with the insurance regulatory authority of its jurisdiction of
domicile, including the statutory basis financial statements of FandG; Life
and Thomas Jefferson Life, as audited by KPMG LLP (the "Audited Statutory
Financial Statements"), as at December 31, 1998 and 1999, and (ii) the annual
statements of each of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life that were filed
with respect to the years covered by the annual statements identified in (i)
above in any jurisdiction (other than the jurisdiction of domicile of FandG;
Life and Thomas Jefferson Life) that differ materially from the corresponding
annual statements that were filed during such periods in the jurisdiction of
domicile of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life.   (c) Except as set forth
in Section 3.6 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, the GAAP Financial
Information and Statutory Statements, respectively, present fairly, in
all material respects, the GAAP and statutory financial condition and
results of operations of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life, as the case may
be, for the periods therein specified, and were prepared, in all material
respects, in conformity with GAAP (with respect to the GAAP
Financial Information) and statutory accounting principles prescribed or
permitted by the applicable insurance regulatory authority ("SAP") as in
effect as of the date thereof (with respect to the Statutory Statements), in
each case applied on a consistent basis during the periods presented,
except as expressly set forth within the subject financial statements, and
it being acknowledged that FandG; Life\'s status as a wholly owned indirect
subsidiary of The St. Paul results in GAAP not requiring FandG; Life\'s
financial statements to include, among other things, footnotes
and statements of changes in stockholders\' equity and cash flows. To the
Knowledge of Seller, no material deficiency has been asserted in writing by
any governmental authority with respect to any of the GAAP Financial
Information or Statutory Statements.   Section 3.7. Undisclosed
Liabilities.  -----------------------  Except as set forth in Section 3.7 of
the Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, there were no liabilities of FandG; Life or
any of the FandG; Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 that are of a type
required to be disclosed on a consolidated balance sheet prepared in
accordance with GAAP or SAP, as applicable, as in effect on the date thereof
(it being acknowledged that FandG; Life\'s status as a wholly owned indirect
subsidiary of The St. Paul results in GAAP not requiring FandG; Life\'s
financial statements to include, among other things, footnotes and statements
of changes in stockholders\' equity and cash flows) except (a)
policyholder benefits payable or other liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with past practice, or (b) as reflected in
the GAAP Financial Information or Statutory Statements including the
notes thereto. Since December 31, 2000, neither FandG; Life nor any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries has incurred or become subject to any liabilities that are
of a type required to be disclosed on a consolidated balance sheet (or, in
the case of the Statutory Statements, in the notes related thereto)
prepared in accordance with GAAP or SAP, as applicable, as in effect on
December 31, 2000 (it being acknowledged that FandG; Life\'s status as a wholly
owned indirect subsidiary of The St. Paul results in GAAP not requiring FandG;
Life\'s financial statements to include, among other things, footnotes
and statements of changes in stockholders\' equity and cash flows), except
(a) policyholder benefits payable or other liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, or (b)
liabilities that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are
not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.     Section 3.8.
Reserves  --------  Except as set forth in Section 3.8 of the Seller\'s
Disclosure Schedule, the reserves of each of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson
Life reflected in the Statutory Statements (a) were determined in accordance
with generally recognized actuarial methods and standards,
consistently applied, and were fairly stated in accordance with
sound actuarial principles using prescribed morbidity and mortality tables
and interest rates that are in accordance with the nature of the benefits
specified, and (b) met the applicable requirements of the insurance laws
and regulations of the State of Maryland and the State of New York, as
applicable.   Section 3.9. Title to Real Properties. 
------------------------  (a) Neither FandG; Life nor any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries owns any real property (other than leasehold improvements
relating to FandG; Life\'s headquarters facilities). Section 3.9(a) of
Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all real properties leased
by FandG; Life and each of the FandG; Subsidiaries. Except as, individually or
in the aggregate, has not had and is not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect, FandG; Life or an FandG; Subsidiary has good and valid leasehold
estates in the real properties leased by FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries that are necessary for the conduct of FandG; Life\'s Business
as currently conducted, free and clear of all Liens that would adversely
affect FandG; Life\'s or any FandG; Subsidiary\'s use of such real property.  
(b) Each of the leases relating to such real properties is in full force and
effect, there is no default by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, as
the case may be (or to the Knowledge of Seller, by the lessor) under any such
lease, and each such lease will remain in full force and effect following
the Closing without any modification in the rights or obligations of the
parties under any such lease or sublease, in each case, with such exceptions
as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are not reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) To the Knowledge of Seller,
no work has been performed on or with respect to or in connection with any
such real property that has or would cause any such real property to become
subject to any mechanic\'s, materialmen\'s, workmen\'s, repairmen\'s,
carrier\'s or similar encumbrance currently aggregating or reasonably
expected to aggregate in excess of $600,000.     Section 3.10. Material
Contracts.  ------------------  Except as indicated in Section 3.10(i)
of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, Seller has made available to Parent for
review copies of all written Contracts and written descriptions of all oral
Contracts other than Contracts that by their terms cannot be disclosed.
Section 3.10(i) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule contains a complete list of
all Contracts in effect as of the date hereof. There are no defaults under
any Contract by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries or, to the
Knowledge of Seller, by any other party thereto the effect of which,
individually or in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have
a Material Adverse Effect. Except as, individually or in the aggregate, has
not had and is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, each
such Contract is in full force and effect and constitutes a legal, valid, and
binding obligation of FandG; Life or the relevant FandG; Subsidiary, as the case
may be (and to the Knowledge of Seller, each other party thereto), subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and
similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\'
rights and to general equity principles. Except as, individually or in the
aggregate, has not had and is not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect, none of Seller, FandG; Life nor any FandG; Subsidiary has
received any notice, whether written or oral, of termination or intention to
terminate from any other party to any such Contract.   Section 3.11.
Employee Benefits.  -----------------  Section 3.11 of Seller\'s Disclosure
Schedule contains a true and complete list of each employee benefit plan
within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and all other employee benefits plans,
contracts, agreements or policies, whether or not subject to
ERISA, including, without limitation, bonus plans, employment, consulting or
other compensation agreements, incentive, equity or equity-based
compensation, deferred compensation plans or arrangements, sale, disposition,
change in control, termination or severance plans or arrangements,
stock purchase plans and scholarship plans and programs, which cover the
employees of FandG; Life and the employees of the FandG; Subsidiaries other than
agreements by Seller or its affiliates with members of senior management of
FandG; Life that do not, and are not reasonably likely to, impose
any obligations on FandG; Life, any FandG; Subsidiaries or Parent or any of its
affiliates, and provided that Seller makes no representation regarding any
arrangements or discussions that Parent or its affiliates may have had with
executives or employees of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiaries (the "Plans").
None of the Plans which are "pension plans" subject to Section 3(2) of ERISA
are sponsored by FandG; Life or the FandG; Subsidiaries, and Section 3.11 of
Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule separately identifies any Plans which are
sponsored by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries or any employment
agreements to which FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries is a party (the
"FandG; Plans"). Seller has made available or delivered to Parent an accurate
and complete copy of each such Plan and any amendments thereto, and to the
extent applicable, of any related trust agreement or other funding instrument
and the most recent Internal Revenue Service determination letter, if
applicable. Each    Plan has been maintained in all material respects
in accordance with its terms and in compliance with the applicable
requirements of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
ERISA and other applicable law. Each Plan which is an "employee pension
benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA ("Pension
Plan") and which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the
Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue
Service, and to the Knowledge of Seller, no circumstances exist that are
likely to result in the revocation of any such favorable determination
letter. FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries have not incurred, and do not
expect to incur, any liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA
(other than for PBGC premiums which have been paid in the ordinary course),
or for failure to meet the requirements of Section 412 of the Code, with
respect to any Pension Plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or with
respect to any single-employer plan of any entity which is considered one
employer with FandG; Life under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414(b), (c),
(m) or (o) of the Code ("ERISA Affiliate"). FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries have no obligation to contribute to, and have not incurred
any withdrawal liability under, a multiemployer plan under Subtitle E of
Title IV of ERISA (whether or not based on the contribution of an ERISA
Affiliate). FandG; Life has not been required to provide security to any
Pension Plan or to any single-employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate pursuant
to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code. Within the 12-month period prior to the
date hereof, no reportable event (within the meaning of Section 4043 of
ERISA) for which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived has
been required to be filed with respect to any Pension Plan which
would result in a material liability to FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary.
There are no material actions, suits or proceedings pending against Seller,
FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary brought by or on behalf of any employee of
FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary relating to any Plan as of the date of this
Agreement. Neither Seller nor FandG; Life has engaged in a transaction with
respect to any Plan that, assuming the taxable period of such transaction
expired as of the date hereof, could subject FandG; Life or any
FandG; Subsidiary to a tax or penalty imposed by Section 4975 of the Code or
Section 502(i) of ERISA in an amount which would be material. Except as
indicated in Section 3.11 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, none of the
Plans, including the FandG; Plans, provide for post-employment life or
health insurance, benefits or coverage for any participant or
any beneficiary of a participant, except as may be required under the
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended ("COBRA").
Except as indicated in Section 3.11 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) result in any payment becoming
due to any employee (current, former or retired) of FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary, (ii) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any Plan or
(iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any
such benefits under any such plan. There is no contract, plan or arrangement
involving FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary and covering any employee thereof
that, individually or in the aggregate, could give rise to the payment of
any amount that would not be deductible by Parent, FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary by reason of Section 280G of the Code.     Section 3.12.
Employee Relations.  ------------------  Neither FandG; Life nor any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries is or has within the past three years been a party to or
bound by any collective bargaining agreement. Within the past three years, to
the Knowledge of Seller, there have been no union organizing efforts in
respect of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries. There is no ongoing
or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened strike, picket, work stoppage or
work slowdown against FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries. There are no
material complaints, charges or claims against FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened to be brought
or filed, with any public or governmental authority, arbitrator or court
based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the
employment or termination of employment or failure to employ by FandG; Life or
any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, of any individual. Except as set forth in
Section 3.12 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries are in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders
relating to the employment of labor, including all such laws, regulations
and orders relating to wages, hours, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act and any similar state or local "mass layoff" or "plant
closing" law ("WARN"), collective bargaining, discrimination, civil rights,
safety and health, workers\' compensation and the collection and payment of
withholding and/or social security taxes and any similar tax, with such
exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are
not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no
"mass layoff" or "plant closing" as defined by WARN with respect to FandG; Life
or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries within the past three years.   Section
3.13. Insurance.  ---------  Seller has made available to Parent for
review, summaries of all material written insurance policies insuring the
business of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries. All such insurance is in
full force and effect and all premiums required to be paid thereunder have
been paid.   Section 3.14. Intellectual Property.  --------------------- 
Section 3.14 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and
accurate list of each (i) patent and patent application owned by FandG; Life or
any FandG; Subsidiary, (ii) registered trademark and service mark and
applications therefor owned by FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary,
(iii) material unregistered trademark and service mark owned by FandG; Life or
any FandG; Subsidiary, (iv) registered copyright owned by FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary and (v) material license for any Intellectual Property of any
other Person that is used in the conduct of FandG; Life\'s Business
or otherwise used in the conduct of the business, operations or affairs of
FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries (excluding licenses for the use of non-
customized commercially available third party software). Except for licenses
for use of non-customized commercially available third party software and as
indicated in Section 3.14 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge
of Seller: (i) FandG; Life or one of the FandG; Subsidiaries is the owner, free
and clear of any Lien, or has a valid license to use, all of the material
Intellectual Property currently used for the conduct of FandG; Life\'s Business
and no such material licenses will be terminated or materially adversely
affected by the    consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; (ii) the rights of FandG; Life or the FandG; Subsidiaries in
such Intellectual Property are valid and enforceable in all material
respects; (iii) no written demand, claim, notice or action from any Person in
respect of such material Intellectual Property which challenges or threatens
to challenge the validity of, or the rights of FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries in, such material Intellectual Property has been made or
threatened since January 1, 1998 or is currently outstanding; (iv)
neither FandG; Life nor any of the FandG; Subsidiaries is in material violation
or infringement of, or has materially violated or infringed, any Intellectual
Property of any other Person in connection with the conduct of FandG; Life\'s
Business since January 1, 1998; (v) no written demand, claim or notice
by any Person contesting the validity, enforceability, use or ownership of
any of such material Intellectual Property has been made since January 1,
1998 or is currently outstanding; and (vi) no Person is infringing the rights
of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary in any material Intellectual
Property owned by any of them and currently used in the conduct of FandG;
Life\'s Business. Neither FandG; Life nor any FandG; Subsidiary has licensed any
Intellectual Property owned, licensed or used by FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary to any other Person other than to insurance producers of FandG;
Life and Thomas Jefferson Life in the ordinary course of business.  
Section 3.15. Compliance with Laws; Governmental Authorizations. 
-------------------------------------------------  Except as indicated in
Section 3.15(i) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, neither FandG; Life nor any
of the FandG; Subsidiaries is in violation of any statute, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, decree, permit, concession, franchise, or other governmental
authorization or approval currently in effect applicable to FandG; Life\'s
Business (including, without limitation, insurance
regulatory, environmental, occupational safety and health and
employment discrimination laws and regulations currently in effect), the
effect of which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in Section
3.15(ii) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, neither FandG; Life nor any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by, or in default under, any
stipulation, consent, decree, order or arbitration award (or agreement
entered into in any administrative, judicial, or arbitration proceeding with
any Government Entity) currently in effect with any Government Entity
requiring FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Life Subsidiaries to take or
refrain from taking any action, with such exceptions as, individually or in
the aggregate, have not had or are not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as indicated in Section 3.15 of Seller\'s
Disclosure Schedule, since April 24, 1998, FandG; Life and the
FandG; Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance with all
applicable Laws, with such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate,
have not had and are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect.     Section 3.16. Litigation.  ----------  Except as indicated
in Section 3.16 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, there is no Litigation (as
defined below), or putative class action seeking certification as a class,
pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened, against FandG; Life or any
of the FandG; Subsidiaries, or against Seller, which has had or is reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or which questions the validity,
or the due performance by Seller, of this Agreement. Except as indicated in
Section 3.16 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, there is no series of
Litigation relating to the same conduct of Seller, FandG; Life or any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries and arising out of a common set of operative facts
pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller, FandG; Life
or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, which, individually or in the aggregate, has
had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. As used in
this Agreement, "Litigation" means any and all judicial, regulatory
or administrative actions, suits, arbitrations, proceedings,
or investigations (including, without limitation, any actions, proceedings
or investigations under environmental, occupational safety and health and
employment discrimination laws and regulations but excluding defenses of
actions based on insurance or reinsurance claims in the ordinary course
of business). There is no pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened
(other than in customer complaints received in the ordinary course of
business) Litigation or class actions alleging damages as a result of FandG;
Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries (x) not registering or seeking to
register with the Securities and Exchange Commission any index-linked
deferred annuity contract or agreement, or (y) not treating personnel
employed by Computer Science Corporation or any of its affiliates as
employees of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiaries.   Section 3.17. Taxes. 
-----  (a) Except as indicated in Section 3.17 of Seller\'s Disclosure
Schedule: (i) all material Tax Returns that are required to be filed by FandG;
Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries on or before the Closing Date have been
or will be duly and timely (taking into account all applicable extensions)
filed on or before the Closing Date, and all such Tax Returns are or will be
true and complete in all material respects; (ii) all material Taxes shown to
be due on the Tax Returns referred to in clause (i) have been or will be
paid in full on or before the Closing Date or accrued and reflected on the
GAAP Financial Information in accordance with GAAP and SAP; (iii) there is no
claim, audit, action, suit, proceeding or investigation now pending, or to
the Knowledge of Seller threatened against FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries with respect to any Tax for which FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries could be liable; (iv) no waivers of applicable statutes
of limitation have been given with respect to any Tax Return filed by FandG;
Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries and no power of attorney with respect to
any Tax matter is currently in force; (v) there are no consolidated,
combined, unitary or similar tax returns or reports that Seller or The St.
Paul has filed or was required to file on behalf of FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries; (vi) with respect to all periods through the most recent fiscal
quarter of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries for which Tax Returns have not
yet been filed or for which Taxes are not yet due or owing, FandG; Life and
the FandG; Subsidiaries have made due and sufficient current accruals for such
Taxes in accordance with GAAP; and (vii) as of the Closing Date, neither FandG;
Life, nor any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, will be a party to, will be bound
by, or will have any obligation under, any tax sharing agreement or similar
agreement or arrangement except for any tax sharing agreement between FandG;
Life and Thomas Jefferson Life and any obligations arising from a tax sharing
agreement between FandG; Life and USFandG; Corporation.     (b) Except as
disclosed in Section 3.17 of the Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, FandG; Life and
each of the FandG; Subsidiaries have duly and timely withheld from
employee salaries, wages and other compensation and have paid over to the
appropriate taxing authorities all amounts required to be so withheld and
paid over for all periods under any applicable Tax laws.   (c) Except as
indicated in Section 3.17 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, neither FandG; Life
nor any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, nor Seller on behalf of FandG; Life or any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries has (A) filed a consent pursuant to Section 341(f) of
the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply to any
disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as such term is defined in Section
341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries,
(B) agreed with any taxing authority in writing or is required to make any
adjustments in taxable income for any Tax period beginning on or after the
Closing Date pursuant to Section 481(a) or Section 807(f) of the Code or any
similar provision of state, local or foreign law by reason of a change in
accounting method initiated by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries or
has any knowledge that the IRS has proposed in writing any such adjustment or
change in accounting method, or has any application pending with any taxing
authority requesting permission for any such changes in accounting methods,
(C) executed or entered into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of
the Code or any predecessor provision thereof or any similar provision of
state, local or foreign law to include any item of income in or exclude any
item of deduction from any Tax period beginning on or after the Closing Date
with respect to FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, or (D) requested
any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return, which Tax Return
has since not been filed.   (d) Seller is not a foreign person within the
meaning of Section 1445 of the Code.   (e) Neither FandG; Life nor any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries is subject to any private letter ruling of the IRS
or comparable rulings of other taxing authorities.   (f) There are no liens
as a result of any unpaid Taxes upon any of the assets of FandG; Life or any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries.   (g) No claim has been made by a taxing authority
in a jurisdiction where FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries does not
file Tax Returns such that it is or may be subject to taxation by that
jurisdiction.     (h) As of December 31, 2000, neither FandG; Life nor
Thomas Jefferson Life has any balance in its "policyholders\' surplus
account," as that term is defined in section 815 of the Code.   (i) As of
December 31, 1999, FandG; Life had a remaining deferred ordinary tax loss of
$29,766,915 from the previous sale of the Founder\'s Building to an
affiliate. No asset has been established by FandG; Life for the tax benefit
that may be realized by FandG; Life from the restoration of such loss in
taxable years after 2000. The sale of FandG; Life pursuant to this agreement
will result in the full restoration of any remaining deferred ordinary tax
loss to FandG; Life arising from the sale of the Founder\'s Building.   (j)
The exclusive remedy for breaches of any representations and warranties
contained in this Section 3.17 shall be pursuant to the indemnification
provisions of Section 6.1 hereof.   Section 3.18. Conduct of Business Since
December 31, 2000.  -------------------------------------------  Since
December 31, 2000, except as indicated in Section 3.18 of Seller\'s
Disclosure Schedule or indicated or reflected in the GAAP Financial
Information or Statutory Statements, except for the repayment by FandG; Life to
Seller of the Prepaid Note and except for matters arising out of or relating
to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, through the date
hereof (x) FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries have conducted FandG; Life\'s
Business only in the ordinary course of business and in substantially the
same manner in which it previously has been conducted, and (y) there has not
been any:   (a) Material Adverse Effect or any change in the
financial condition, business or results of operations of FandG; Life or any
of the FandG; Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Seller, any other event that
has occurred since December 31, 2000, in each case that, individually or in
the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect;   (b) (i) change in the authorized or issued capital stock of FandG;
Life or the authorized or issued capital stock or other equity interests of
any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; (ii) grant of any stock option, warrant, or
other right to purchase shares of capital stock of FandG; Life or to purchase
shares of capital stock or other equity interests of any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries; (iii) issuance of any security convertible into the
capital stock of FandG; Life or the capital stock or other equity interests of
any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; (iv) grant of any registration rights in
respect of the capital stock of FandG; Life or the capital stock or other
equity interests of any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; (v) reclassification,
combination, split, subdivision, purchase, redemption, retirement, issuance,
sale, or any other acquisition or disposition, directly or indirectly, by
FandG; Life of any shares of the capital stock thereof or by any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries of any shares of the capital stock or other equity interests
thereof; (vi) amendment of any term of any outstanding security of FandG; Life
or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; (vii) declaration, setting aside or payment
of any dividend (whether in cash, securities or other property) or other
distribution or payment in respect of the shares of the capital stock of FandG;
Life or shares of the capital stock or other equity interests of any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries; or (viii) sale or pledge of any stock or other equity
interests owned by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries except in the
ordinary course of administering FandG; Life\'s and Thomas Jefferson Life\'s
investment portfolio;     (c) (i) amendment or other change in the
certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other organizational documents of
FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; (ii) merger or consolidation by
FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries with or into any other Person;
(iii) subdivision or reclassification of any shares of the capital stock of
FandG; Life or shares of the capital stock or other equity interests of any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries; or (iv) change or agreement to change in any manner
the rights of the outstanding capital stock of FandG; Life or the
outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries;   (d) material change in the policies, practices
or principles of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries with respect to
accounting, reserving, hedging, taxes, financial reporting, actuarial,
investing or otherwise engaging in derivatives transactions, underwriting or
claims administration, including any material change in any method of
calculating or estimating any bad debt, contingency insurance or other
reserve for financial reporting purposes or for any other tax or accounting
purpose (other than any change required by GAAP, SAP, the American Academy
of Actuaries, or applicable Law);   (e) agreement entered into or amended
by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries with any labor union or
association representing any employee, or regarding any wage or
salary increase or bonus or other compensation (other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice) with respect to any
officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants of FandG; Life or any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries, or any adoption or amendment of any stock option,
employment agreement, executive compensation plan, severance pay, 401(k)
plan, retirement plan, stay bonus, change of control plan or agreement,
employee stock ownership plan or any other employee benefit plan of The St.
Paul, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, with respect to any
officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants of FandG; Life or any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries, other than agreements by Seller or its affiliates with
members of senior management of FandG; Life that do not impose any obligations
on FandG; Life, any FandG; Subsidiaries or Parent or any of its affiliates,
an amendment required by Law or as generally adopted or amended with respect
to employees of Seller, or any plan or commitment to do any of the foregoing
and provided that Seller makes no representation regarding any arrangements
or discussions that Parent or its affiliates may have had with executives or
employees of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiaries;     (f) other contract,
agreement or transaction entered into by FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries that both (i) materially increases the liabilities of FandG; Life
and the FandG; Subsidiaries taken as a whole and (ii) is not in the ordinary
course of business;   (g) Lien created on any of the assets of FandG; Life or
any FandG; Subsidiary or any Lien assumed by FandG; Life on any FandG; Subsidiary
with respect to any of such assets which Lien relates to liabilities
individually or in the aggregate exceeding (or reasonably likely to exceed)
$2,000,000;   (h) cancellation without reasonable consideration of
any material liability that is of a type required to be disclosed on a
consolidated balance sheet (or in the notes related thereto) prepared in
accordance with GAAP or SAP, as applicable, owed to FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary by any other Person except in the ordinary course of business;  
(i) write-off or write-down of, or any determination to write-off or write-
down, any assets (other than any statutory write-down of investment assets)
of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary or any portion thereof, except for
write- offs or write-downs that do not exceed $500,000 individually or in
the aggregate or for write-offs or write-downs in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice;   (j) sale, transfer, or
conveyance of any investments, or any other assets, of FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary with a book value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess
of $500,000, except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice;   (k) expenditure or commitment for additions to
property, plant, equipment, or other tangible or intangible capital assets
of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary which exceeds $2,000,000 individually or
in the aggregate;   (l) making or recission of any material election
relating to Taxes, settlement or compromise of any material claim, action,
suit, litigation, proceeding, arbitration, investigation, audit or
controversy relating to Taxes, or except as may be required by applicable
law, change to any of FandG; Life\'s or any FandG; Subsidiary\'s material methods
of reporting income or deductions for federal income tax purposes from those
employed in the preparation of its most recently filed federal income tax
return;   (m) decrease in the amount, or any change in the nature, of the
insurance in force written by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life or any
material change in the amount or nature of the statutory reserves or other
similar amounts of FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life with respect to
insurance contracts, in each case which decrease or change, individually or
in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect;     (n) amendment or introduction (other than as contemplated by
this Agreement) by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life of any insurance
contract issued by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life other than in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;   (o) change
outside the ordinary course of business in any marketing relationship between
FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life and any Person through which FandG; Life or
Thomas Jefferson Life sells insurance contracts, which change, individually
or in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect; or   (p) agreement (whether written or oral and express
or implied) by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries to do any of the
foregoing (b) through (o).   Section 3.19. Brokers.  -------  All
negotiations relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby have been carried out without the intervention of any Person acting on
behalf of Seller, The St. Paul or FandG; Life in such manner as to give rise
to any claim for any brokerage or finder\'s commission, fee or similar
compensation, except for Goldman, Sachs and Co., whose fees and expenses in
respect thereof shall be paid by Seller.   Section 3.20. Regulatory
Filings.  ------------------  Seller has heretofore made available
for inspection by Parent (i) with respect to FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries, each material registration, filing or submission of FandG; Life
and each of the FandG; Subsidiaries with any Government Entity, (ii) each
annual statement filed with or submitted to the Maryland or New York
insurance regulatory authorities by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life, and
(iii) any reports of examination (including, without limitation, financial,
market conduct and similar examinations) of FandG; Life or, as applicable, any
of the FandG; Subsidiaries, issued by any state insurance
regulatory authority, in any case, since December 31, 1997. To the Knowledge
of Seller, all material deficiencies or violations noted in the examination
reports described in clause (iii) above have been resolved to the material
satisfaction of the insurance department that noted such deficiencies
or violations. Except as set forth in Section 3.20 of Seller\'s Disclosure
Schedule, FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries have each filed all reports,
statements, documents, registrations, filings or submissions required to be
filed with any governmental or regulatory body since December 31, 1997, all
such registrations, reports, statements, documents, filings and submissions
were in compliance with applicable law when filed, and no deficiencies have
been asserted by any such governmental or regulatory body with respect to
such registrations, filings or submissions that have not been satisfied, in
each case, with such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, have
not had and are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
As of the date hereof, neither FandG; Life nor Thomas Jefferson Life is a
"commercially domiciled insurer" under the laws of any jurisdiction or is
otherwise treated as domiciled in a jurisdiction other than its jurisdiction
of organization.     Section 3.21. Permits.  -------  FandG; Life and
Thomas Jefferson Life are licensed to write life insurance policies and
annuity contracts in the jurisdictions indicated by their names in
Section 3.21(i) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule. Except as indicated in
Section 3.21(ii)(B) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, all permits, licenses,
approvals, franchises, authorizations, exemptions, classifications,
registrations, and similar documents or instruments issued by any Government
Entity to FandG; Life or any other FandG; Subsidiary, the loss, revocation,
termination or expiration of which, individually or in the aggregate, has had
or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, are listed
in Section 3.21(ii) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule (collectively, the
"Permits"). All Permits are valid and in full force and effect, with such
exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are not
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all terms
required for the continued effectiveness of each such Permit, and there is no
pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened, revocation or
involuntary non-renewal of any such Permit. Except as indicated in Section
3.21 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, no material permit, license, approval,
franchise, authorization, exemption, classification, registration or similar
document or instrument, in addition to the Permits currently held by FandG;
Life or any FandG; Subsidiary, is required to be held by FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary to conduct FandG; Life\'s Business as it is now conducted in all
material respects. Assuming that the consents and approvals identified
in Section 3.3 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule are obtained, none of such
Permits are reasonably likely to be materially adversely affected by
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 3.22.
Insurance Producers.  -------------------  (a) Except as indicated in
Section 3.22 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of
Seller, each insurance producer, managing general agent, broker, solicitor,
and customer representative, including without limitation salaried employees
of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiaries performing the duties of insurance
producer, managing general agent, broker, solicitor or
customer representative (collectively, "FandG; Producers"), at the time such
FandG; Producer wrote, sold, or produced business, or performed such other act
that may require a producer\'s, solicitor\'s, broker\'s or other insurance
license for FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary, was duly licensed and
appointed, where required, as an insurance producer (for the type
of business written, sold, or produced by such insurance producer, managing
general agent, broker, solicitor, or customer representative) in the
particular jurisdiction in which such FandG; Producer wrote, sold, produced,
solicited, or serviced such business, as may be required by the
various states, in each case, with such exceptions as, individually or in
the aggregate, have not had and are not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect.     (b) Except as indicated in Section 3.22 of
Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of Seller, no FandG; Producer
is in violation (or with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would be
in violation) of any term or provision of any Law or any writ, judgment,
decree, injunction, or similar order applicable to the writing, sale, or
production of business for FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary, in each case
with such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and
are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.   Section
3.23. Insurance Matters.  -----------------  (a) Except as indicated in
Section 3.23 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, all policy forms issued by
FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries, and all amendments, applications,
brochures, illustrations and certificates pertaining thereto have, where
required by applicable Law, been approved by all applicable Government
Entities or filed with and not objected to by such Government Entities
within the period provided by applicable Law for objection, subject to such
exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are not
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as indicated in
Section 3.23 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, all such forms comply in all
material respects with, and have been administered in all material respects
in accordance with, applicable Law. Any rates of FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries which are required to be filed with or approved by any
Government Entity have been so filed or approved, and the rates used by FandG;
Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries conform in all material respects thereto
subject to such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had
and are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as
indicated in Section 3.23 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, any contract or
agreement to which FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries is a party and
which is required to be filed with or approved by any Government Entity has
been so filed or approved subject to such exceptions as, individually or in
the aggregate, have not had and are not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect.   (b) All insurance contract benefits payable by or on
behalf of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary have in all material respects
been paid in accordance with the terms of the insurance contracts under which
they arose, except for such benefits for which FandG; Life or the applicable
FandG; Subsidiary believes there is a reasonable basis to contest payment.  
Section 3.24. Cancellations.  -------------  Since December 31, 2000, no
Person or group of Persons acting in concert writing, selling or
producing insurance business which in the aggregate accounted
for $25,000,000 or more in annuity premium or $10,000,000 or more in life
insurance premium of FandG; Life\'s Business for the year ended December 31,
2000 has terminated or substantially reduced its relationship with FandG; Life
or any FandG; Subsidiary. Since December 31, 2000, no policyholder or group of
policyholders acting in concert has withdrawn or given notice of its intent
to withdraw funds under any insurance contract to which FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary is a party in excess of $100,000,000.     Section 3.25.
Environmental Matters.  ---------------------  (a) Except as, individually
or in the aggregate, has not had and is not reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect, to the Knowledge of Seller: (i) FandG; Life and the
FandG; Subsidiaries possess all permits, licenses and other authorizations
required by Environmental Laws ("Environmental Permits") and all properties
owned, operated or leased by or for FandG; Life or the FandG; Subsidiaries are
in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental
Permits; (ii) neither FandG; Life nor any of the FandG; Subsidiaries has received
any written notice, complaint or other written communication from any
Government Entity or other Person alleging the violation of or potential
liability under any applicable Environmental Laws other than for matters that
have been resolved prior to the date hereof; (iii) neither FandG; Life nor any
of the FandG; Subsidiaries is subject to any pending or threatened judicial or
administrative proceeding or governmental investigation or subject to any
outstanding court order, administrative order or decree arising under any
Environmental Law; (iv) neither FandG; Life nor any of the FandG; Subsidiaries
has incurred any liability in connection with a release, spill, or leak of
Hazardous Substances; and (v) neither FandG; Life nor any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries generated, stored, used, transported or disposed of
any Hazardous Substance except as permitted under applicable Environmental
Laws.   (b) This Section 3.25 constitutes the sole representation and
warranty of Seller with respect to any Environmental Law or Hazardous
Substance notwithstanding any other representation or warranty in this
Article III.   Section 3.26. Intercompany Liabilities. 
------------------------  All material intercompany agreements, liabilities,
loans, advances, payables and receivables between Seller or any affiliate of
Seller (other than FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries), on the one hand, and
FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary, on the other hand, in effect as of March
31, 2001, other than receivables and payables relating to the issuance of
annuities and funding agreements by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life in
connection with the Structured Settlements Program and those in respect of
the FandG; Life guaranteed investment contract held by the trustee for the
Section 401(k) plan established for employees of The St. Paul and its
affiliates are listed in Section 3.26 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule. Since
March 31, 2001, neither FandG; Life nor any of the FandG; Subsidiaries has (x)
entered into any material intercompany agreement with, or (y) incurred any
material intercompany obligations owing to, Seller or any affiliate of Seller
(other than FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries), in the case of clause (y)
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice.     Section 3.27. Investments.  -----------  FandG; Life
and Thomas Jefferson Life have good and valid title, in each case in all
material respects, to all debentures, notes, stocks, securities, and other
assets that are of a type required to be disclosed in Schedules B through DB
of its annual statement and that are owned by it. FandG; Life and each FandG;
Subsidiary have good and valid title free and clear of all Liens, in each
case in all material respects, to all debentures, notes, stocks, securities,
and other similar assets that are owned by it.   Section 3.28. Minute
Books.  ------------  The minute books of FandG; Life and each
FandG; Subsidiary have previously been made available to Parent
for inspection, and, except as set forth in Section 3.28 of Seller\'s
Disclosure Schedule, such minute books are complete in all material respects
and reflect all material board and stockholder actions since December 31,
1991.   Section 3.29. Insurance Products.  ------------------  Except as
set forth in Section 3.29 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule: (i) FandG; Life and
each of the FandG; Subsidiaries have substantially complied with all
applicable reporting, withholding and disclosure requirements under
the Code, including, but not limited to, those regarding distributions with
respect to insurance contracts issued, entered into or sold by it and have
reported the distributions under such contracts substantially in accordance
with Section 72, 7702, and 7702A of the Code; (ii) each insurance contract
issued, entered into, or sold by FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary (whether
developed by, administered by, or reinsured with any unrelated third party)
qualifies as a life insurance contract or an annuity contract, as applicable,
under the federal Tax laws, including, without limitation, under Sections 72,
817(h), and 7702 of the Code and their underlying regulations; (iii) the
insurance contracts are not modified endowment contracts within the meaning
of Section 7702A of the Code unless and to the extent the holders of the
policies have been notified of their classification; (iv) FandG; Life and
Thomas Jefferson Life are treated, for federal Tax purposes, as the owners
of the assets underlying the respective insurance contracts that FandG; Life
and Thomas Jefferson Life have issued, entered into or sold; (v) each
insurance contract issued, entered into or sold by FandG; Life or any FandG;
Subsidiary (whether developed by, administered by or reinsured with,
any unrelated third party) which is provided under or connected with either
a plan described in Section 401(a), 403(a), 403(b), 408 or 457 or any similar
provision of the Code has been endorsed, administered and otherwise is in
substantial compliance with the requirements of the Code applicable to such
contract, and there are no nonexempt prohibited transactions within the
meaning of Section 4975 of the Code with respect to such contracts (other
than such non-exempt prohibited transactions or violations that arise to
the extent that, for these purposes, FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life may
be holding "plan assets" in or may be a "fiduciary" with respect to its
general account); (vi) there are no "hold harmless", Tax sharing or
indemnification agreements respecting the Tax qualification or treatment
of any product or plan sold, issued, entered into or administered by FandG;
Life or any FandG; Subsidiary (whether developed by, administered by, or
reinsured with any unrelated third party); and (vii) the insurance reserves
set forth in the federal income tax returns filed by FandG; Life have been
determined in all material respects in accordance with Section 807 or 846 of
the Code, as applicable.     Section 3.30. No Other Representations or
Warranties.  --------------------------------------  (a) Except for the
representations and warranties contained in this Article Three, none of
Seller, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, any advisor to any Person
referred to in this paragraph (a) or any other Person makes any express or
implied representation or warranty on behalf of Seller, FandG; Life or the FandG;
Subsidiaries, and Seller hereby disclaims any such representation or
warranty whether by Seller, The St. Paul, FandG; Life any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries or any of the respective affiliates, officers, directors,
employees, agents or representatives of any Person referred to in this
subparagraph (a) or by any other Person.   (b) In particular, without
limiting the foregoing disclaimer, none of the following shall be deemed
to constitute a representation or warranty of any Person referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section 3.30: (i) any information set forth in the
Fidelity and Guaranty Life Insurance Company 2000-2003 Business Plan (December
1, 2000) distributed in connection with the proposed sale of FandG; Life, (ii)
any financial projection or forecast relating to the FandG; Life\'s Business,
(iii) any information set forth in the Milliman and Robertson, Inc. actuarial
appraisals of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life, dated as of December
31, 1999 and December 31, 2000, respectively, or (iv) any oral or written
information presented to Parent during any management presentation, including
any question and answer session thereto. With respect to any projection or
forecast delivered by or on behalf of Seller to Parent, Parent acknowledges
that (A) there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such
projections and forecasts, (B) it is familiar with such uncertainties, (C) it
is taking full responsibility for making its own evaluation of the
adequacy and accuracy of all such projections and forecasts so furnished to
it, and (D) it shall have no claim against any Person with respect thereto
other than a claim for fraud or bad faith.   ARTICLE FOUR  
Representations and Warranties of Parent 
----------------------------------------   Parent represents and warrants to
Seller as follows:   Section 4.1. Corporate Status and Authority; 
Qualification; Parent Shares.  ----------------------------   (a) (x)
Parent is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of England and Wales, and (y) Parent has full right,
power and authority and has taken all corporate action necessary in order
to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements
to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder
and to consummate the    transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
Each of Purchaser and Note Purchaser is, or will be as of the
Escrow Closing, a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and each
of Purchaser and Note Purchaser has, or will have as of the Escrow Closing,
full right, power and authority and has taken, or will have taken as of the
Escrow Closing, all corporate action necessary in order to execute and
deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a
party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. No vote of the holders of
Parent Shares is necessary to approve this Agreement, the other Transaction
Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. This
Agreement has been, and the other Transaction Agreements to which Parent is
a party when executed and delivered will be, duly executed and delivered by
Parent, and this Agreement is, and each of the other Transaction Agreements
to which it is a party when executed and delivered will be, the legal,
valid and binding obligation of Parent enforceable in accordance with its
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating
to or affecting creditors\' rights and to general equity principles.
This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party
when executed and delivered will be duly executed and delivered by each of
Purchaser and Note Purchaser, and this Agreement and each of the other
Transaction Agreements to which it is a party when executed and delivered
will be the legal, valid and binding obligation of each of Purchaser and
Note Purchaser enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and
similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\'
rights and to general equity principles.   (b) Parent has full power and
authority to conduct its business and to own or lease and operate its
properties as and in the places where such business is now conducted
and such properties are now owned or leased and operated, with such
exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are not
reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Parent has made
available to Seller a complete and correct copy of Parent\'s memorandum and
articles of association, as amended to date. Parent\'s memorandum and
articles of association so delivered are in full force and effect.   (c) As
of April 24, 2001, the authorized share capital of Parent consists of
600,000,000, which is made up of 6,000,000,000 ordinary shares of 10 pence
each ("Parent Shares"), of which 3,552,192,468 Parent Shares are issued and
outstanding. All of the outstanding Parent Shares have been duly authorized
and validly allotted and issued and are fully paid or credited as fully paid.
Except for rights created pursuant to this Agreement and except as set out
in the Preliminary Offering Circular or Section 4.1(c) of Parent\'s
Disclosure Schedule, Parent has not granted any Person the right (whether
exercisable now or in the future and whether contingent or not) to call for
the allotment, conversion, issue, sale or transfer of any share or
loan capital or any other security giving rise to a right over the capital
of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary under any    option or other agreement
(including conversion rights and rights of preemption). None of the Initial
Parent Shares or Reference Date Shares, if any, will be issued in
violation of the preemptive rights of any holder of Parent Shares. The
Initial Parent Shares and Reference Date Shares, if any, will rank pari passu
with the outstanding Parent Shares and the Parent Shares conform to the
descriptions thereof contained in the Preliminary Offering Circular. The
Initial Parent Shares and the Reference Date Shares, if any, will not be
subject to calls for further funds (and holders thereof will not be subject
to any personal liability in respect of the debts and obligations of Parent
by reason of being a holder of Parent Shares). Except as set forth in this
Agreement or the Preliminary Offering Circular, there are no restrictions
upon the voting or transfer of any of the Parent Shares pursuant to Parent\'s
memorandum and articles of association, English company law or any agreement
or other instrument to which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is a party or
by which any of them may be bound.   (d) Prior to the Escrow Closing,
Parent will have taken all necessary action (save for obtaining Listing) to
permit it to issue the number of Initial Parent Shares required to be issued
pursuant to Article One. The Initial Parent Shares and the Reference Date
Shares, if any, when issued, will be duly authorized, validly allotted and
issued and fully paid or credited as fully paid. The Initial Parent Shares
will (i) when issued be free and clear of any Liens (other than Liens
expressly created or permitted by Seller), (ii) on the next Business Day
following the Escrow Closing Date be admitted to Listing and (iii) be
approved for listing on all other stock exchanges on which Parent Shares are
then listed (subject only to official notice of issuance). The Reference
Date Shares, if any, when issued, will be (i) free and clear of any Liens
(other than Liens expressly created or permitted by Seller), (ii) admitted to
Listing and admitted to trading on the LSE and (iii) approved for listing on
all other stock exchanges on which Parent Shares are then listed (subject
only to official notice of issuance).   Section 4.2. Non-Contravention. 
-----------------  Subject to the obtaining of certain consents or approvals
indicated in Section 4.3 of this Agreement or Section 4.2 of Parent\'s
Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party by each
of Parent, Purchaser and Note Purchaser and the consummation by Parent,
Purchaser and Note Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby will not (x) contravene, conflict with, or constitute or result in a
breach or violation of (i) any Laws to which Parent, any of the
Parent Principal Subsidiaries, Purchaser or Note Purchaser (or any of their
respective assets) is subject, or (ii) any provision of the memorandum,
articles of association, certificate of incorporation, by-laws or
other organizational documents of Parent, any of the Parent Principal
Subsidiaries, Purchaser or Note Purchaser or (y) violate, conflict with,
result in a breach of, constitute (or with notice or upon the expiration of
applicable grace or cure periods or both constitute) a default under,
result in the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate,
terminate, modify, cancel or require any notice under any agreement,
contract, lease, license or instrument to which Parent, any of the Parent
Principal Subsidiaries, Purchaser or Note Purchaser is a party or by which
any of them are bound or to which any of their properties or assets is
subject, or create any Liens on any properties or assets owned by Parent, any
of the Parent Principal Subsidiaries, Purchaser or Note Purchaser, in the
case of clauses (x)(i) and (y), the effect of which, individually or in
the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect.     Section 4.3. Government Approvals, Consents and
Filings.  ------------------------------------------  No consent, approval,
authorization, order, filing, registration or notification is required to
be obtained by Parent, any of the Parent Principal Subsidiaries, Purchaser
or Note Purchaser from, or made or given by Parent, any of the Parent
Principal Subsidiaries, Purchaser or Note Purchaser to, any Governmental
Entity in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement or the other Transaction Agreements or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or by any agreement entered into
pursuant hereto, except (u) announcements required by Law, (v) filings
with the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice as may be
required with respect to the acquisition of the Shares by Purchaser, pursuant
to HSR, and the expiration or early termination of the waiting period
thereunder, (w) filings of preacquisition statements required by
applicable state insurance holding company systems laws, (x) acquisition of
control filings in all jurisdictions indicated in Section 4.3 of Parent\'s
Disclosure Schedule, (y) any approval for Listing or listing on all other
stock exchanges on which Parent Shares are listed and (z) as otherwise
indicated in Section 4.3 of Parent\'s Disclosure Schedule.   Section 4.4.
Parent Subsidiaries.  -------------------  The Parent Principal Subsidiaries
(x) are duly organized, validly existing under, and in good standing under,
the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization, (y) with full
power and authority to conduct their respective businesses as they are now
being conducted and to own or lease and operate their respective
properties as and in the places where such businesses are now conducted and
such properties are now owned or leased and operated, with such exceptions
as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are not reasonably
likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Parent,
the Parent Principal Subsidiaries are qualified or otherwise authorized to
do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties
owned or held under lease or license or the character of any of the Parent
Principal Subsidiaries\' businesses requires such qualification
or authorization, except where the failure to so qualify or be so
authorized, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and is not
reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.     Section
4.5. Consents.  --------  Except as disclosed in the Preliminary
Offering Circular or as, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and
is not reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, (a) Parent
and each of the Parent Principal Subsidiaries has carried on and is carrying
on its business and operations so that there have been no breaches
of applicable laws, regulations and by-laws (including the rules and
regulations, whether statutory or otherwise, of any regulatory authority by
which any member is bound) in each country in which its business and
operations is carried on and (b) all consents, approvals, authorizations,
orders, filings, registrations, notifications, permits, certificates,
licences and clearances (each an "Authorization") of or with any court or
governmental, regulatory or supranational agency or body, any
taxation authority or any stock exchange authority, the Commission of the
European Union or any court, agency body or other institution having
jurisdiction over Parent or any of the Parent Principal Subsidiaries (each an
"Agency") required to be procured in order to engage in the business
currently conducted by Parent or any of the Parent Principal Subsidiaries or
required to own or lease its properties and operate the business currently
conducted by Parent or any of the Parent Principal Subsidiaries on and from
the properties and other assets and to conduct its businesses (w) have been,
or will have been prior to the Escrow Closing Date, obtained or made and are
or will, prior to the Escrow Closing Date, be in full force and effect, (x)
are not limited in duration (unless it is normal for such Authorizations to
be limited in duration), (y) have been fulfilled and performed and no event
has occurred which allows, or after notice or lapse of time would
allow, revocation or termination thereof or results in any other impairment
of the rights of the holder of any such Authorization and (z) to the
Knowledge of Parent, there is no reason to believe that any Agency is
considering limiting, suspending, revoking or refusing to renew
any Authorization.   Section 4.6. Absence of Defaults. 
-------------------  No event has occurred and is subsisting or, to the
Knowledge of Parent, is about to occur, which constitutes or would (with the
expiry of any applicable grace period or the fulfilment of any condition or
the giving of any notice or the compliance with any other formality)
constitute, a default under or result in the acceleration by reason of
default of, any obligations under any agreement (including its articles of
association), undertaking or arrangement, bond, indenture, mortgage, deed of
trust, loan or credit agreement, licence, note, lease or other agreement or
instrument (including any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness)
to which Parent or any of the Parent Principal Subsidiaries is a party or by
which it may be bound or and to which its assets are subject and which is,
in any case, material to Parent and the Parent Principal Subsidiaries taken
as a whole (collectively, "Agreements and Instruments").   Section 4.7.
Preliminary Offering Circular.  -----------------------------  (a) All
statements of fact contained in the Preliminary Offering Circular, which is
attached to Section 4.7 of Parent\'s Disclosure Schedule, as of its date are
true and accurate in all material respects and not misleading and all
forecasts and estimates contained therein are as of its date made on
reasonable grounds, are based on reasonable assumptions, are fair and
honestly held and have been made after due and careful inquiry and
consideration. There is no information which has not been disclosed in
the Preliminary Offering Circular the omission of which makes any statement
therein misleading as of its date or which in the context of the offering of
the Bonds (as defined in the Preliminary Offering Circular), is material for
disclosure therein as of its date.     (b) The Preliminary Offering
Circular, as of its date, contains all information with respect to Parent and
the Parent Subsidiaries and the Parent Shares which is material in the
context of the offering of the Bonds (including all information required by
English law and Cayman Islands law and the information which, according to
the particular nature of Parent and the Parent Shares, is necessary
to enable investors and their professional advisers to make an informed
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and
losses, and prospects of Parent and of the rights attaching to the Parent
Shares in accordance with section 146 of the United Kingdom Financial
Services Act 1986).   (c) Subject to paragraph (e) below, the opinions
and intentions expressed in the Preliminary Offering Circular, as of its
date, are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant
circumstances of which the Parent is aware and are based on reasonable
assumptions.   (d) All reasonable inquiries have been made by Parent
to ascertain the facts, information and statements in the Preliminary
Offering Circular, as of its date, and to verify the accuracy of all such
facts, information and statements as of the date of such document.   (e)
For the avoidance of any doubt, no representation or warranty is made by
Parent that the transactions described in the Preliminary Offering Circular
will be consummated.   Section 4.8. Parent Financial Statements. 
---------------------------  The consolidated financial statements of
Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries appearing in the Preliminary Offering
Circular (the "Parent Financial Statements") were prepared (except to the
extent, if any, disclosed therein) in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles prevailing in, and pursuant to the relevant laws of,
the United Kingdom, consistently applied and present a true and fair view of
the financial position of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries as of the dates,
and the results of operations and cash flow information of Parent and the
Parent Subsidiaries for the periods, in respect of which they have been
prepared. Parent maintains a system of internal financial and accounting
controls which is, in its reasonable opinion, sufficient to provide assurance
that transactions and assets are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of complete and accurate returns and reports to regulatory bodies as and when
required by them, and financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles prevailing in the United Kingdom.    
Section 4.9. Pro Forma Financial Information. 
-------------------------------  The pro forma financial information set out
in the Preliminary Offering Circular has been prepared after due careful
inquiry by Parent on the basis set out in the Preliminary Offering
Circular.   Section 4.10. Undisclosed Liabilities. 
-----------------------  To the Knowledge of Parent, except as set forth in
Section 4.10 of Parent\'s Disclosure Schedule, there were no liabilities of
Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 that are of
a type required to be disclosed on a consolidated balance sheet (or in the
notes related thereto) prepared in accordance with U.K. GAAP, as in effect
on the date thereof except as reflected in the consolidated financial
statements of the Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries appearing in the
Preliminary Offering Circular. To the Knowledge of Parent, since December
31, 2000, neither Parent nor any of the Parent Subsidiaries has incurred or
become subject to any liabilities that are of a type required to be disclosed
on a consolidated balance sheet (or in the notes related thereto) prepared
in accordance with U.K. GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2000, except
liabilities that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and are not
reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   Section 4.11.
No Parent Material Adverse Change.  --------------------------------- 
Except as indicated in the Preliminary Offering Circular or as disclosed in
Section 4.11 of Parent\'s Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2000:  
(a) there has been no material adverse change, or any development or event
which might reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, to
the condition (financial or otherwise) or in the earnings, results
of operations, prospects or general business affairs of Parent and the
Parent Principal Subsidiaries taken as a whole, whether or not arising in the
ordinary course of business, except for such changes that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect;  
(b) there have been no transactions entered into which are material with
respect to Parent and the Parent Principal Subsidiaries taken as a whole;
and   (c) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared,
paid or made by Parent on any class of its share capital.   Section 4.12.
Absence of Proceedings.  ----------------------  Neither Parent nor any of
the Parent Principal Subsidiaries is engaged in any litigation,
arbitration, prosecution, investigation, inquiry or other legal proceeding,
nor, to the Knowledge of Parent, is any such proceeding pending or threatened
against Parent or any of the Parent Principal Subsidiaries which in any such
case may have or has had during the 12 months preceding the date of this
Agreement a Parent Material Adverse Effect.     Section 4.13. Listing. 
-------  The Parent Shares currently issued are duly admitted to the
Official List of the UKLA, are admitted to trading by the LSE and the African
Exchanges and are freely tradeable on the LSE and the African Exchanges
(subject to the respective exchange control regulations of such
African countries) and Parent is in compliance with all the listing and
admission requirements of the UKLA, the LSE and the African Exchanges.  
Section 4.14. Regulatory Filings.  ------------------  To the Knowledge of
Parent, Parent and the Parent Principal Subsidiaries have each filed all
material reports, statements, documents, registrations, filings
or submissions required to be filed with any governmental or regulatory body
since December 31, 1998, all such registrations, reports, statements,
documents, filings and submissions were in material compliance with
applicable law when filed, and no material deficiencies have been
asserted by any such governmental or regulatory body with respect to such
registrations, filings or submissions that have not been satisfied, in each
case, with such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had
and are not reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.  
Section 4.15. Brokers.  -------  All negotiations relating to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby have been carried out without the
intervention of any Person acting on behalf of Parent in such manner as to
give rise to any claim for any brokerage or finder\'s commission, fee or
similar compensation, except for Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein and Fletcher
Financial, Inc., whose fees in respect thereof shall be paid by Parent.  
Section 4.16. Investment Intent.  -----------------  Purchaser is acquiring
the Shares for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a
view to, or for sale or resale in connection with, any public distribution
thereof or with any present intention of selling, distributing or otherwise
disposing of the Shares, except in compliance with applicable securities
laws.   Section 4.17. Financing.  ---------  Parent, Purchaser and Note
Purchaser, as the case may be, have and will have, as and when
required, adequate financial resources and/or undrawn committed facilities
and will have, as and when required, the funds and authorized Parent Shares
necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance
with the terms hereof. Parent\'s, Purchaser\'s and Note
Purchaser\'s obligations hereunder are not subject to any
conditions regarding Parent\'s, Purchaser\'s or Note Purchaser\'s ability to
obtain financing for the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 4.18.
No Other Representations or Warranties. 
--------------------------------------  (a) Except for the representations
and warranties contained in this Article Four or as may be set forth in any
closing certificate hereunder, neither Parent nor any other Person makes any
express or implied representation or warranty on behalf of Parent, and
Parent hereby disclaims any such representation or warranty whether by
Parent or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents or
representatives or any other Person.     (b) In particular, without
limiting the foregoing disclaimer, no oral or written information presented
to Seller during any management presentation, including any question and
answer session thereto, shall be deemed to constitute a representation or
warranty of any Person referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section 4.18.
With respect to any projection or forecast delivered by or on behalf of
Parent to Seller, Seller acknowledges that (i) there are uncertainties
inherent in attempting to make such projections and forecasts, (ii) it is
familiar with such uncertainties, (iii) it is taking full responsibility
for making its own evaluation of the adequacy and accuracy of all such
projections and forecasts so furnished to it, and (iv) it shall have no claim
against any Person with respect thereto other than a claim for fraud or bad
faith.   ARTICLE FIVE   Covenants and Certain Actions of the Parties 
-------------------------------------------   Section 5.1. Obligations of
Seller.  ---------------------    Section 5.1.1. Conduct of Business,
Etc.  ------------------------  From the date of this Agreement until
the Closing, except: (i) as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement;
(ii) as indicated in Section 5.1.1 of the Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule;
(iii) as requested by Parent or its affiliates; and (iv) as otherwise
consented to by Parent in writing, Seller shall cause FandG; Life and the
FandG; Subsidiaries to:   (a) carry on their business only in the ordinary
course, in substantially the same manner in which it previously has been
conducted and, to the extent consistent with such business, use commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve intact their present business organization and
maintain their existing relationships and goodwill with customers, clients,
suppliers, distributors, regulators, creditors, agents, brokers and others
having business dealings with FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary (provided that
none of Seller, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries shall be required
to incur any costs or expenses or otherwise expend any monies out of the
ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice, in connection
with such efforts);   (b) (i) maintain in all material respects all of
their material licenses, qualifications, and authorizations to do business
in each jurisdiction in which they are so licensed, qualified or authorized
(it being acknowledged and agreed that state regulators have considerable
discretion to withdraw licenses, authorizations and permits and that, to the
extent such withdrawals occur despite the commercially reasonable efforts of
FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries, Seller shall not be deemed to have
violated this Section 5.1.1(b)(i)); and (ii) maintain in all material
respects all of their material fixed assets in good working order
and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted;     (c) not make or
rescind any material election relating to Taxes, settle or compromise any
material claim, action, suit, litigation, proceeding, arbitration,
investigation, audit or controversy relating to Taxes, or except as may
be required by applicable law, change any of FandG; Life\'s or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries\' material methods of reporting income or deductions for federal
income tax purposes from those employed in the preparation of its most
recently filed federal income tax return;   (d) maintain in all material
respects the reserves of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life in accordance
with the generally recognized actuarial methods and standards followed by
FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life as of the date of this Agreement and
consistent with past practice, except to the extent required by any change in
applicable Law;   (e) not enter into any reinsurance contract, whether
as reinsurer or reinsured, including without limitation any surplus relief
or financial reinsurance contract, except in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice;   (f) continue to comply, in all
material respects, with all Laws (including, without limitation,
Environmental Laws) applicable to their business, operations or affairs,
except for such failures that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
have and are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;   (g)
cause such officers and/or members of the boards of directors of FandG; Life
and the FandG; Subsidiaries as are designated by Parent or are employees of The
St. Paul or its affiliates (other than FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries) effective as of, and subject to, the Closing, to tender their
resignations from such officer positions and/or boards of directors on or
prior to the Closing Date;   (h) make available to Parent on or prior to the
Closing Date, all of the books and records of FandG; Life and each of the FandG;
Subsidiaries;   (i) not: (i) make any representation, commitment
or promise, oral or written, to any officer, director, employee, agent or
consultant of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries concerning any Plan
that would materially increase the benefits provided by FandG; Life or any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries under such Plan (other than as required by applicable
Law); (ii) make any change to, or amend in any way, the contracts, salaries,
wages, or other compensation of any officer, director, employee, consultant,
or other similar representative of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries
whose annual cash compensation exceeds $150,000, other than changes or
amendments that are made in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past    practice; (iii) adopt, enter into, amend, alter,
or terminate, partially or completely, any employee benefit plan relating to
or affecting any employee of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries (other
than an amendment required by Law, as generally adopted with respect
to employees of Seller, The St. Paul and its subsidiaries or to maintain the
tax-qualified status of any Pension Plan); (iv) enter into any contract with
any officer, director, employee or consultant of FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries that is not terminable, without penalty or other
liability, upon not more than 60 calendar days\' notice without any reason;
(v) assume, enter into, amend, alter, or terminate any labor or collective
bargaining agreement to which FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries is a
party or is affected thereby; or (vi) hire any officer, director, employee,
consultant, or other similar Person whose annual cash compensation exceeds
$150,000, other than the hiring of any such Person as a replacement for a
Person whose employment has ceased at a substantially similar compensation
level, in the case of clauses (i) through (vi), other than pursuant to
arrangements that are generally adopted with respect to or directed at
officers, directors, employees or consultants of (x) FandG; Life or any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and of The St. Paul or any of its other
subsidiaries, on the other hand, at the sole expense of Seller or its
affiliates (other than FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries), or (y) The
St. Paul and its subsidiaries.   (j) not materially violate, breach, or
default under, or not take or fail to take any action that (with or
without notice or lapse of time or both) would constitute a
material violation, breach, or default under, any Contract;   (k) not: (i)
change the authorized or issued capital stock of FandG; Life or the authorized
or issued capital stock or other equity interests of any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries; (ii) grant any stock option, warrant, or other right to
purchase shares of capital stock of FandG; Life or to purchase shares
of capital stock or other equity interests of any of the FandG; Subsidiaries;
(iii) directly or indirectly issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any
capital stock of FandG; Life or any capital stock or other equity interests of
any of the FandG; Subsidiaries or any security directly or
indirectly convertible or exchangeable into the capital stock of FandG; Life
or the capital stock or other equity interests of any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries; (iv) grant any registration rights in respect of the capital
stock of FandG; Life or the capital stock or other equity interests of any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries; (v) reclassify, combine, split, subdivide, purchase,
redeem, retire, issue, sell, or make any other acquisition or disposition,
directly or indirectly, by FandG; Life of any shares of the capital stock
thereof or by any of the FandG; Subsidiaries of any shares of the capital stock
or other equity interests thereof; (vi) amend any material term of any
outstanding security of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; (vii)
declare, set aside or pay any dividend (whether in cash, securities or other
property) or make any other distribution or payment in respect of the shares
of the capital stock of FandG; Life or shares of capital stock or other equity
interests of any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; or (viii) sell or pledge any stock
or other equity interest owned by FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries
except in the ordinary course of administering FandG; Life\'s and
Thomas Jefferson Life\'s investment portfolio;     (l) not: (i) amend or
make any other change in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or
other organizational documents of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries;
(ii) merge or consolidate FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries with or
into any other Person; (iii) subdivide or reclassify any shares of the
capital stock of FandG; Life or shares of the capital stock or other
equity interests of any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; or (iv) change or agree to
change in any manner the rights of the outstanding capital stock of FandG; Life
or the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries;   (m) not: (i) acquire (including by way of bulk reinsurance,
merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any Person or any
division thereof or material portion of the assets thereof; (ii) liquidate,
dissolve or wind up, or dispose of all or substantially all of the assets
(including by way of bulk reinsurance, whether on an indemnity or assumption
basis) of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; or (iii) organize any
new subsidiary of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries;   (n) not make
any material change in the policies, practices or principles of FandG; Life or
any of the FandG; Subsidiaries with respect to accounting, reserving, hedging,
tax, financial reporting, actuarial investing or otherwise engaging in
derivatives transactions, underwriting or claims administration, including
any material change in any method of calculating or estimating any bad debt,
contingency insurance or other reserve for financial reporting purposes or
for any other tax or accounting purpose (other than any change required by
GAAP, SAP, the American Academy of Actuaries, or applicable Law), or, in
respect of underwriting or claims administration, in the
ordinary course;   (o) not transfer, lease, license, guarantee,
sell, mortgage, pledge, dispose of or encumber any property or assets in any
material respect or incur or modify any other liability in any material
respect, in each case in excess of $1,500,000 per transaction or $5,000,000
in the aggregate and other than in respect of the investment portfolios
of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life;   (p) not incur or modify any
indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of $5,000,000;   (q) not make,
authorize, or commit for any capital expenditures to be paid by FandG; Life or
any FandG; Subsidiary in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate;     (r)
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
not enter into any other contract, agreement or transaction to which FandG;
Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries is a party that (i) requires or
is reasonably expected to require payment during the term thereof by FandG;
Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries of $500,000 or more (excluding (x) insurance
policies and annuities issued by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and
(y) commissions payable with respect to the sale of insurance or annuity
products of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary) or (ii) otherwise materially
increases or is reasonably expected to materially increase the liabilities of
FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries taken as a whole other than insurance
policies and annuities issued by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;   (s) not: (i)
settle or compromise any material litigation in excess of $500,000
individually or (ii) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any material claims,
liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment,
discharge, satisfaction or settlements of claims, liabilities or obligations
in the ordinary and usual course of business;   (t) not enter into any
agreement containing any provision or covenant (other than restrictions
agreed to in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
in confidentiality agreements or insurance agent, broker, producer,
marketing or distribution agreements to which FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson
Life is a party, in each case other than those agreements that purport to
bind any affiliates of FandG; Life other than the FandG; Subsidiaries) limiting
in any material respect the ability of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary to
(i) sell any of its current products or services of or to any other Person,
(ii) engage in any line of business in which it currently conducts business,
or (iii) compete with any Person with whom it currently competes;   (u)
not enter into any other contract, agreement or transaction that both (i)
materially increases the liabilities of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries
taken as a whole and (ii) is not in the ordinary course of business; and  
(v) not: (i) enter into any material intercompany agreement or (ii) incur any
material intercompany obligations owing to Seller or any affiliate of
Seller (other than FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries), in the case of
clause (ii) other than in the ordinary course of business; and   (w) not
enter into any agreement (whether written or oral and express or implied) by
FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries with respect to FandG; Life\'s
Business to do any of the foregoing (b) through (v).  It is acknowledged and
agreed that Seller shall not be deemed to have violated this Section 5.1.1 by
reason of actions taken or not taken as directed by Parent or any of its
affiliates.     Section 5.1.2. Access and Information. 
----------------------  Between the date hereof and the Closing Date, Parent
and its representatives (including, but not limited to, counsel, accountants
and environmental consultants) shall have reasonable access to and may
inspect the properties, documents, books, records, Tax Returns and
audit reports of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries and such information
concerning their respective businesses, affairs, properties, operations and
personnel as Parent or its representatives may from time to time reasonably
request and may discuss the affairs and accounts of FandG; Life and the
FandG; Subsidiaries with officers and other employees of Seller, FandG; Life,
the FandG; Subsidiaries and their counsel, in each case insofar as such access
is reasonably requested by Parent, and after the Closing, Seller will furnish
all information and documents in its possession relating to FandG; Life\'s
Business as Parent may reasonably request. If at any time after the Closing
Seller discovers in its possession or under its control any books and records
of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries that have not been
previously delivered or made available to Parent on or prior to the Closing
Date, Seller shall deliver or make available such books and records to
Parent. The foregoing and Section 10.6 shall not require Seller, FandG; Life or
any of the FandG; Subsidiaries to permit any inspection, or to disclose
any information, that in the reasonable judgment of Seller could reasonably
be expected to result in (i) the disclosure of any trade secrets of third
parties or the violation of any obligations of Seller, FandG; Life or any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries with respect to confidentiality if Seller shall have
used reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of such third party to such
inspection or disclosure, (ii) the waiver of any applicable attorney-client
privilege, or (iii) the violation of any Law. Parent shall conduct
any inspection or discussion during normal business hours and in a manner
that does not materially interfere with normal business or violate any
applicable Law, or contravene any Contract to which Seller, FandG; Life, the
FandG; Subsidiaries or any of their affiliates is a party. Parent shall
schedule all inspections and discussions to be held at times and places
approved in advance by the Chief Financial Officer of the Seller (or, in his
absence, any Executive Vice President of the Seller), which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Parent agrees and agrees to cause its
directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents and advisors to hold
confidential all information and documents obtained by it from Seller, FandG;
Life, the FandG; Subsidiaries or their representatives pursuant to this Section
5.1.2 or Section 10.6 and to return to Seller all such information
and documents and any copies made thereof as soon as practicable if the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are not consummated for any
reason.   Section 5.1.3. Additional Financial Statements. 
-------------------------------  As soon as reasonably practicable after
they become available, Seller shall cause FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson
Life to make available to Parent as and to the extent prepared, (a) the
statutory basis financial statements of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life,
as audited by KPMG LLP, as at December 31, 2000, (b) the
unaudited consolidated GAAP Financial Information of FandG; Life for
all quarterly fiscal periods subsequent to December 31, 2000 and prior to
the Closing Date (collectively, "Quarterly GAAP Financial Information") and
(c) quarterly Statutory Statements of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life for
all quarterly fiscal periods subsequent to December 31, 2000 and prior to
the Closing Date, together with the exhibits, schedules and notes thereto, if
any, and any affirmations and certifications filed therewith, as filed with
the Maryland Insurance Department or the New York Insurance Department, as
applicable (each a "Quarterly Statutory Statement").     Section 5.1.4.
No Solicitation.  ---------------  Other than as expressly contemplated by
this Agreement, Seller shall not, shall cause its subsidiaries (including
without limitation FandG; Life, Thomas Jefferson Life and the other FandG;
Subsidiaries) not to, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
cause its affiliates and Persons acting for or on behalf of Seller,
Seller\'s subsidiaries or other respective affiliates thereof not to take,
directly or indirectly, any action to seek or encourage any offer or
expression of interest or to entertain any offer or expression of interest
(including in connection with any proposed public or private offering
of securities) or proposal from any Person: (i) to acquire any assets (other
than with respect to portfolio investments of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson
Life in the ordinary course of business) or shares of capital stock or other
equity interests of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries (or
any interest in any of the foregoing); (ii) to merge, consolidate, or
combine, or to permit any other Person to merge, consolidate, or combine with
FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; (iii) to liquidate, dissolve,
or reorganize FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries in any manner; (iv)
to acquire or transfer any assets (other than with respect to portfolio
investments of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life in the ordinary course of
business) of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries (or any interest in
any of the foregoing); (v) to reach any agreement or understanding (whether
or not such agreement or understanding is absolute, revocable, contingent,
or conditional) for, or otherwise to attempt to consummate, any such
acquisition, transfer, merger, consolidation, combination, or reorganization
of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries; or (vi) to furnish or cause to
be furnished any information with respect to FandG; Life or any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries to any Person (other than Parent and its affiliates,
directors, officers, employees, and agents) that (x) Seller, FandG; Life or
their respective affiliates (or any Person acting for or on behalf of Seller,
FandG; Life or their respective affiliates) knows or has reason to believe is
in the process of attempting or considering any such acquisition, transfer,
merger, consolidation, combination, liquidation, dissolution, or
reorganization of FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries or any offer or
expression of interest thereof, and (y) is in connection with, relating
to or intended to facilitate any such offer, expression of interest or
proposal. If Seller, FandG; Life or any of their respective affiliates
receives, directly or indirectly, from any Person (other than Parent,
Purchaser or Note Purchaser) any offer, proposal or informational request
that is subject to this Section 5.1.4, Seller shall (or shall cause FandG;
Life to, as appropriate): (x) promptly advise such Person, by written
notice, of the terms of this Section 5.1.4; (y) promptly deliver a copy of
such notice to Parent; and (z) refrain from any further solicited contact
with such Person concerning such proposed transaction.     Section 5.1.5.
Insurance.  ---------  From the date hereof through the Closing
Date, Seller shall cause each of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries to
maintain in force (including necessary renewals thereof) the insurance
covering FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries on the date hereof, except to
the extent that such insurance may be replaced with substantially equivalent
policies appropriate to insure the assets, properties and business
to substantially the same extent as currently insured and except for any
changes in insurance policies of Seller or The St. Paul that may affect their
subsidiaries generally.   Section 5.1.6. Investments.  -----------  From
the date hereof through the Closing Date, Seller shall cause FandG; Life and
Thomas Jefferson Life to (a) comply with their respective investment
guidelines in effect as of the date hereof and set forth in Section 5.1.6
of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule except that no investments with an NAIC
rating of less than 2 may be purchased and (b) manage their investment
portfolios, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable Law.  
Section 5.1.7. Change in Control Payments.  -------------------------- 
Seller shall be responsible for and shall promptly pay when due all bonuses
which become due and payable under the FandG; Life Disposition Incentive Plan
at any time (whether prior to, on, or following the Closing Date) as a
result of (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by any party
hereto or (ii) the Closing.   Section 5.1.8. Bank Accounts. 
-------------  As promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of this
Agreement, Seller shall make available to Parent (a) a true and complete list
of the names and locations of all banks, trust companies, securities
brokers, and other financial institutions at which FandG; Life and each of the
FandG; Subsidiaries has an account or safe deposit box or maintains a banking,
custodial, trading, trust, or other similar relationship, (b) a true and
complete list and description of each such account, safe deposit box,
and relationship, and (c) with respect to each such account or safe deposit
box, the names of all persons authorized to draw therefrom or have access
thereto.   Section 5.1.9. Intercompany Obligations. 
------------------------  No later than the sixtieth day after the Closing,
Seller and each of its subsidiaries (other than FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries) shall pay and discharge all loans, advances and payables that
it owes to FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries as of the Escrow Closing
Date, other than receivables and payables relating to the issuance
of annuities and funding agreements by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life in
connection with the Structured Settlements Program in the ordinary course of
business and those in respect of the FandG; Life guaranteed investment contract
held by the trustee for the Section 401(k) plan established for employees of
The St. Paul and its affiliates.   Section 5.1.10. Minute Books. 
------------  The minute books of FandG; Life and each FandG; Subsidiary will
promptly be made available to Parent for inspection when and as available
with regard to any material board or stockholder actions occurring between
the date hereof and the Escrow Closing Date.     Section 5.2. Obligations
of Parent.  ---------------------   Section 5.2.1. Use of Names. 
------------  Commencing as promptly as practicable after the Closing, but
in no event later than 180 days after the Closing, neither Parent nor any of
its subsidiaries or affiliates (including FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries) will use any marks, designs, logos, slogans, names, words
or letters which include the words "USFandG;", "United States Fidelity and
Guaranty", "St. Paul" or "Fire and Marine" or those that are suggestive or
derivative thereof, except (i) as may be required by Law, (ii) for the
purposes of historical identification in materials not designed
as advertising or solicitation and (iii) as provided under the License
Agreement.   Except as permitted by the preceding paragraph, Parent shall
cause FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries to refrain from using any printed
materials or other means of communication which state, suggest or imply any
affiliation with The St. Paul, Seller or any of their
respective subsidiaries following the Closing; provided that so long
as Parent continues to use its commercially reasonable efforts to
discontinue the use of such materials and other means of communication, FandG;
Life may continue to use materials existing at the Closing, subject to
applicable Law, for up to 180 days after Closing. With respect to all
materials used after the Closing which state or suggest or imply
any affiliation with The St. Paul, Seller or any of their respective
subsidiaries, Parent shall indemnify and hold The St. Paul, Seller and their
respective subsidiaries harmless against and in respect of any and all
damages, losses, liabilities and expenses, including, without
limitation, legal and other expenses which arise out of, relate to or result
from the inclusion of such statements, suggestions or implications in such
materials. Parent, effective as of the Closing and except as expressly set
forth in this Section 5.2.1, acting on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries
and affiliates, including FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries, hereby
assigns and relinquishes to Seller any right FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries may heretofore have had to use the marks, designs, logos,
slogans or names of The St. Paul, Seller or any of their respective
subsidiaries, including, without limitation, "USFandG;", "United States
Fidelity and Guaranty", "St. Paul" and "Fire and Marine", or any
marks, designs, logos, slogans, words, names or letters suggestive or
derivative thereof in any trade or business or otherwise, except to the
extent permitted under the License Agreement.   Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, Parent acknowledges and agrees that
those trademarks and service marks identified with an asterisk (*) on
Section 3.14(ii) and (iii) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule, and any
associated registrations and applications, as well as all goodwill associated
therewith and represented thereby, shall be conveyed at or prior to the
Escrow Closing Date from FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries to The St.
Paul or a subsidiary of The St. Paul designated by The St. Paul. The St.
Paul or its designee shall, effective as of the Closing Date, license such
marks, registrations, applications and associated goodwill to FandG; Life and
the FandG; Subsidiaries, as the case may be, pursuant to the License Agreement
(as hereinafter defined).     Section 5.2.2. Access and Information. 
----------------------  (a) Between the date hereof and the Closing Date,
The St. Paul, Seller and their respective representatives (including, but not
limited to, counsel, accountants and environmental consultants) shall
have reasonable access to and may discuss the affairs and accounts of Parent
and the Parent Subsidiaries with directors and officers of Parent and its
counsel insofar as such access is reasonably requested by The St. Paul
or Seller in connection with its bring-down of its due diligence
investigation of Parent to the Closing.   (b) Sections 5.2.2(a) and 10.6
shall not require Parent, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries to permit
any inspection, or to disclose any information, that in the reasonable
judgment of Parent could reasonably be expected to result in (i) the
disclosure of any trade secrets of third parties (other than FandG; Life or the
FandG; Subsidiaries) or violate any obligations of Parent, FandG; Life or any of
the FandG; Subsidiaries with respect to confidentiality if Parent shall have
used reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of such third party to such
inspection or disclosure, (ii) the waiver of any applicable attorney-client
privilege, or (iii) a violation of any Law. The St. Paul or Seller
shall conduct any inspection or discussion during normal business hours and
in a manner that does not materially interfere with normal business or
violate any applicable Law. The St. Paul or Seller shall schedule all
inspections and discussions to be held at times and places approved
in advance by the Group Finance Director of Parent (or, in his absence, the
Group Finance Controller of Parent), which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld. Each of The St. Paul and Seller agrees and agrees to cause
its directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents and advisors to
hold confidential all information and documents obtained by it, him or her
pursuant to Section 5.2.2(a) prior to the Closing from Parent or its
representatives or pursuant to Section 10.6 after the Closing from Parent,
FandG; Life, the FandG; Subsidiaries or their representatives.   Section 5.2.3.
Additional Financial Statements.  -------------------------------  As soon
as reasonably practicable after they become available, Parent shall make
available to Seller as and to the extent prepared and made publicly
available, unaudited U.K. GAAP financial statements of Parent for
all interim fiscal periods subsequent to December 31, 2000 and prior to the
Escrow Closing Date (each a "Parent Interim Financial Statement"). Each
Parent Interim Financial Statement will conform to the requirements of
Section 4.8 as if set forth therein.     Section 5.2.4. Stock Exchange
Listing.  ----------------------  Parent shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Initial Parent Shares to be issued to Seller
at the Closing pursuant to Article One of this Agreement and the Reference
Date Parent Shares, if any, to be issued to Seller on the first anniversary
of the Closing Date pursuant to Article One, respectively, to be
(a) admitted to the Official List of the UKLA, (b) admitted to trading on
the LSE, and (c) approved for listing on all other stock exchanges on which
Parent Shares are then listed (subject only to official notice of issuance),
in the case of clauses (a) through (c), prior to the Closing Date and on or
prior to the first Business Day following the first anniversary of the
Closing Date, respectively, provided that if such Reference Date Parent
Shares are not so admitted to the Official List of the UKLA, admitted to
trading on the LSE and approved for listing as set forth in clauses
(a) through (c) on or prior to the first Business Day following the first
anniversary of the Closing Date, Parent shall deliver to Seller in
immediately available funds the amount (if any) required by Section 1.9(a)(i)
in lieu of the Reference Date Shares.   Section 5.2.5. Intercompany
Obligations.  ------------------------  No later than the sixtieth day after
the Closing, Parent shall cause each of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries
to pay and discharge all loans, advances and payables that it owes to Seller
or any of its affiliates (other than FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries) as
of the Escrow Closing Date.   Section 5.2.6. Settlement of Tax Benefit. 
-------------------------  Parent shall cause Seller to be paid the
cash value of the tax benefit realized by FandG; Life in connection with the
sale of the Founders Building as and to the extent such tax benefit is
realized by FandG; Life or any of its affiliates. The cash value of the tax
benefit realized by FandG; Life in connection with such sale shall equal
the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of Taxes that would have been payable
by FandG; Life, any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, Parent or any affiliate of Parent
with respect to any tax period in the absence of such sale over (ii) the
amount of Taxes actually paid with respect to such period.   Section 5.2.7.
Guaranty and Other Arrangements.  -------------------------------  Parent
agrees and covenants not to, and to cause each of FandG; Life, Thomas Jefferson
Life and Fidelity and Guaranty Assignment, LLC not to, pursue any rights that
FandG; Life, Thomas Jefferson Life or Fidelity and Guaranty Assignment, LLC may
have to any reimbursement, capital contribution, indemnification or guaranty
under any of the Guaranty Agreements or the agreements and
arrangements indicated in Section 8.3.3 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule or
any other guaranty, capital support or similar arrangement made by Seller or
any of its current or former affiliates.   Section 5.3. Obligations of
Parties.  ----------------------     Section 5.3.1. Employee Matters. 
----------------  (a) For at least one year following the Closing Date,
Parent shall provide to current and former employees of FandG; Life and the
FandG; Subsidiaries (the "Business Employees") employee benefits (including,
without limitation, medical, disability and life insurance and retirement
benefits) that are no less favorable than those provided to similarly
situated employees of Parent\'s life insurance subsidiary situated in the
United States ("OM Life Insurance Subsidiary"). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, for no less than one year following the Closing Date, (i) OM Life
Insurance Subsidiary shall provide the Business Employees with vacation and
personal leave benefits which are no less favorable than those provided to
similarly situated employees of OM Life Insurance Subsidiary, and OM Life
Insurance Subsidiary shall assume and be responsible for all accrued but not
taken vacation and personal leave with respect to the Business Employees, as
of the Closing Date, and (ii) OM Life Insurance Subsidiary shall provide the
Business Employees with severance benefits which are equal to the greater of
(A) the benefits provided under the severance plans listed in Section
5.3.1(a) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule (including for this purpose,
eligibility for severance benefits such as constructive termination) or (B)
the severance plan maintained by Parent for its similarly situated employees.
Subject to the foregoing and the requirements of Section 5.3.1(f), nothing in
this Agreement shall be construed as limiting in any way the right of OM
Life Insurance Subsidiary after the Closing Date to terminate the employment
of any Business Employee or to modify, amend or terminate any employee
benefit plan in accordance with the terms of each employee benefit plan.  
(b) As soon as practicable following the Closing Date, Seller acknowledges
that The St. Paul shall offer each of the Business Employees the option of
electing a distribution from The St. Paul Companies, Inc. Stock Ownership
Plan and The St. Paul Companies, Inc. Savings Plus Plan (collectively, "St.
Paul DC Plans"), which distribution shall be offered and made in compliance
with Section 401(k)(l0) of the Code to the extent applicable. OM
Life Insurance Subsidiary agrees to cause its tax qualified defined
contribution plan (the "OM Life Insurance Subsidiary\'s DC Plan") to permit
each Business Employee who is a participant in the St. Paul DC Plans to
effect a direct rollover of the taxable portion of such
participant\'s accrued benefits under St. Paul DC Plans to OM Life Insurance
Subsidiary\'s DC Plan. In connection with any such rollover, OM Life
Insurance Subsidiary shall cause OM Life Insurance Subsidiary\'s DC Plan to
allow any outstanding participant loan and related promissory note under St.
Paul DC Plans to be directly rolled over into OM Life
Insurance Subsidiary\'s DC Plan. Seller and OM Life Insurance Subsidiary
agree to cooperate in order to effect the direct rollover of accrued benefits
with respect to those Business Employees who elect a direct rollover of their
distribution from St. Paul DC Plans to OM Life Insurance Subsidiary\'s
DC Plan. OM Life Insurance Subsidiary agrees to take all actions necessary
to cause the OM Life Insurance Subsidiary DC Plan to accept the direct
rollovers in accordance with the elections made by the Business Employees in
accordance with the terms of the OM Life Insurance Subsidiary DC Plan.  
(c) Seller acknowledges that The St. Paul shall retain liability to provide
post-retirement welfare benefits for each Business Employee (and his or her
dependents) who is eligible for such benefits as of the Closing Date and
who has in fact retired as of such date. Following the Closing Date, OM Life
Insurance Subsidiary shall provide post- retirement welfare benefits to all
Business Employees on the same basis as it provides post-retirement welfare
benefits for its similarly situated employees. For purposes of the first
sentence of this paragraph, in order to be eligible for post-retirement
medical benefits, the Business Employee must have elected by March 31, 2001
to be covered by the "traditional retiree medical plan" (as opposed to the
"cash balance retiree health plan") and must meet all
eligibility requirements of such plan as of the Closing Date.     (d)
With respect to each Business Employee, Seller and OM Life Insurance
Subsidiary agree that:   (i) OM Life Insurance Subsidiary shall waive pre-
existing  condition exclusions, evidence of insurability provisions, 
waiting period requirements or any similar provisions under  any welfare
benefit plan maintained or sponsored by or  contributed to by, OM Life
Insurance Subsidiary for such  Business Employee after the Closing Date;
provided such  conditions, waiting periods, exclusions or similar 
provisions did not preclude coverage for such Business  Employee as of the
Closing Date under the comparable plans  of The St. Paul.   (ii) Seller
acknowledges that The St. Paul\'s welfare benefit  plans shall be responsible
for expenses covered by The St.  Paul\'s welfare benefit plans, provided that
such expenses  were incurred prior to the Closing Date. OM Life Insurance 
Subsidiary\'s plans shall assume responsibility for all other  welfare plan
benefit claims relating to Business Employees  incurred on or after the
Closing Date in accordance with the  terms of the OM Life Insurance
Subsidiary\'s plans. For this  purpose, a claim is incurred when the medical
or other  service giving rise to the claim is performed, except that  in the
case of death, a claim is incurred on death.   (iii) OM Life Insurance
Subsidiary shall recognize the  service of each Business Employee with FandG;
Life, the FandG;  Subsidiaries, The St. Paul and The St. Paul\'s affiliates 
prior to the Closing Date for all purposes (other than  benefit accrual under
OM Life Insurance Subsidiary\'s defined  benefit pension plan) under each of
OM Life Insurance  Subsidiary\'s employee benefit plans, programs and
policies  (including but not limited to vacation and severance  entitlement
and eligibility for post-retirement welfare and  pension benefits); provided,
however, such recognition of  service shall not be taken into account to the
extent it  would result in a duplication of any benefits thereunder.   (iv)
Seller acknowledges that The St. Paul shall be  responsible for satisfying
obligations under Section 601 et.  seq. of ERISA and Section 4980B of the
Code ("COBRA"), to  provide continuation coverage to or with respect to any 
Business Employee in accordance with law with respect to any  "qualifying
event" occurring before the Closing Date. OM  Life Insurance Subsidiary shall
be responsible for  satisfying obligations under COBRA to provide
continuation  coverage to or with respect to any Business Employee in 
accordance with law with respect to any "qualifying event"  which occurs on
or following the Closing Date.     (e) Seller acknowledges that The St.
Paul shall be responsible for all deferred compensation due under The
St. Paul Companies, Inc. Management Deferred Incentive Plan with respect to
services rendered prior to the Closing Date by any Business Employee.   (f)
Parent specifically agrees to honor in accordance with their terms all
employment, severance and change in control contracts, agreements or plans
indicated in Section 5.3.1(f) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule.   Section
5.3.2. Structured Settlements.  ----------------------  (a) During the
period of time from the Closing Date through the fifth anniversary of the
Closing Date, subject to Section 5.3.2(b) of this Agreement, (i)
Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts, and Parent shall cause
FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life to use commercially reasonable efforts,
to continue the Structured Settlements Program with substantially similar
procedures and protocols as those in effect as of the date of this
Agreement, including those set forth in Section 5.3.2(a)(i) of
Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule (collectively, the "Protocols") and
(ii) Seller shall, and Parent shall cause each of FandG; Life and Thomas
Jefferson Life to, use its commercially reasonable efforts to follow the
terms and conditions of the Protocols. The Protocols shall include, but need
not be limited to, Seller (x) providing FandG; Life, in the case of non-New
York business, and Thomas Jefferson Life, in the case of New York business,
the right (A) to submit quotes on each potential structured settlement
(except where placement of business with FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life
would not be allowed under an applicable court order or Law or the
Structured Settlement Provider Standards, and (B) of last refusal
on matching the lowest quote of other bidders in respect thereof, and (y)
purchasing structured settlement annuities from FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson
Life, as the case may be, in accordance with the Protocols. The term
"Structured Settlement Provider Standards" shall mean the selection criteria
and standards, as revised from time to time and consistently applied by
Seller, with respect to selection of providers of structured settlement
annuities and funding agreements as to minimum acceptable credit rating,
service quality and other similar standards for providers of structured
settlement annuities and funding agreements, which criteria and standards as
of the date hereof are set forth, in part, in Section 5.3.2(a)(ii) of
Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule.   (b) During the period of time from the
Closing Date through the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, Seller
shall monitor the total premiums paid by the Structured
Settlement Purchasers or, as the case may be, Fidelity and
Guaranty Assignment, LLC, as assignee, in accordance with Section 130 of the
Code, to FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life as a percentage of total
premiums paid to all life insurance companies in respect of structured
settlements and may decline to purchase structured settlement annuities
and funding agreements from such Persons to the extent Seller deems
necessary to limit such percentage to 75% of the total premiums payable with
respect to structured settlement annuities purchased by the Structured
Settlement Purchasers or, as the case may be, Fidelity and Guaranty Assignment,
LLC, as assignee, in accordance with Section 130 of the Code, during any
calendar year.     (c) During the period of time from the fifth
anniversary of the Closing Date through the tenth anniversary of the Closing
Date, Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide FandG; Life,
in the case of non-New York business, and Thomas Jefferson Life, in the case
of New York business, the right (i) to submit quotes on each
potential structured settlement (except where placement of business with
FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life would not be allowed under an applicable
court order or Law or the Structured Settlement Provider Standards regarding
acceptable credit rating, service and other quality standards for providers
of structured settlement annuities and funding agreements), and (ii) of last
refusal on matching the lowest quote submitted by other bidders in respect
thereof; provided, however, that the Structured Settlement Purchasers shall
not under any circumstances be obligated to purchase any
structured settlement annuities or funding agreements from FandG; Life
or Thomas Jefferson Life during such period of time.   (d) Seller agrees
that during the first five years after the Closing Date the Structured
Settlement Purchasers will instruct their brokers to seek bids for
structured settlement business only from annuity providers that are rated at
least as highly as FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life were immediately prior
to the date of this Agreement.   (e) Seller\'s obligations under Sections
5.3.2(a), 5.3.2(b), 5.3.2(c) and 5.3.2(d) of this Agreement shall be
terminable by Seller if any of the conditions specified in (i) through (iv)
below are not satisfied; provided that Seller shall provide written notice
and a 30 Business Day cure period to Parent prior to the effectiveness of any
termination of Seller\'s obligations under Sections 5.3.2(a),
5.3.2(b), 5.3.2(c) and 5.3.2(d) pursuant to this Section 5.3.2(e), and such
obligations shall not terminate in the event that the basis for termination
is cured within such 30 Business Day period; provided further, that FandG; Life
and Thomas Jefferson Life shall have the benefit of the foregoing proviso
in respect of clauses (i) through (iii) below no more than once in any
twelve month period and with respect to clause (iv) below no more than once
in any twelve month period:   (i) FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life shall
continue to  offer products for the funding of structured settlements at 
rates that are reasonably competitive, compared to rates  available from
other insurance carriers and life insurance  companies not affiliated with
Seller meeting the Structured  Settlement Provider Standards and offering
comparable  structured settlement annuity products;     (ii) FandG; Life
and Thomas Jefferson Life shall continue to  provide services to Structured
Settlement Purchasers, their  affiliates and claims adjusters and independent
brokers of  the Structured Settlement Purchasers which are reasonably 
competitive with those of other life insurance companies not  affiliated with
Seller that are active participants in the  structured settlements market,
including, but not limited  to, with respect to the timely and accurate
issuance of  contracts, the timely and accurate commencement of periodic 
payments to payees and the timely and accurate payment of  commissions to
independent brokers;   (iii) there shall not be any injunction, judgment, 
order, decree, ruling or Law that prevents Seller from  continuing to settle
claims (A) through structured  settlements generally or (B) through
structured settlements  with FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life
specifically,  provided that if such injunction, judgment, order, decree, 
ruling or Law does not preclude any of the Structured  Settlement Purchasers
from settling claims through FandG; Life  and Thomas Jefferson Life, Seller\'s
obligations under  Sections 5.3.2(a) through 5.3.2(d) shall continue in
respect  of such Structured Settlement Purchasers; and   (iv) FandG; Life and
Thomas Jefferson Life shall maintain  credit ratings for their respective
claims paying abilities  that are at least as favorable as those in effect 
immediately prior to the date of this Agreement.   (f) During the period of
time from the Closing Date through the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date,
Seller shall use reasonable efforts to assist FandG; Life in building
its structured settlement business with persons other than the Structured
Settlement Purchasers so long as such efforts do not (i) create any
liabilities for, or impose any liabilities upon, Seller or any of its
affiliates, or (ii) cause Seller or any of its affiliates to expend any
material financial resources. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Section 5.3.2, neither Seller nor any of its affiliates shall be
required to endorse or recommend any structured settlement annuities issued
by FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life.   (g) This Section 5.3.2 shall be of
no force and effect in the event that, at any time after the Closing, Parent
no longer directly or indirectly owns at least 50% of the outstanding voting
securities of FandG; Life.     Section 5.3.3. Confidentiality. 
---------------  Parent and Seller have agreed that they and their
respective subsidiaries will perform certain acts for and provide certain
products, services and facilities to each other as users pursuant hereto or
to certain agreements ancillary hereto for various periods following the
Closing in order to permit an orderly transition of ownership of FandG; Life
and the FandG; Subsidiaries from Seller to Parent, and to allow the users of
the products, services and facilities to continue their normal operations. Of
necessity, this will involve a sharing of various data, documents and
other information concerning the business or operations of the users with
providers of products, services or facilities which are no longer affiliates
of the users. Parent and Seller agree that they and each of their
subsidiaries and their accountants, lawyers, financial advisors and
other agents and representatives, providing or receiving such products,
services or facilities to non-affiliated users will treat all data, documents
and other information obtained or created in the course of providing or
receiving such products, services or facilities as confidential and use and
permit the use of such information only for the purposes intended, except as
may otherwise be required by Law.   Section 5.3.4. Notifications. 
-------------  (a) Prior to the Escrow Closing, Seller shall promptly notify
Parent (i) after satisfaction of the last of Seller\'s obligations that are
conditions to the obligation of Parent to effect the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, whether pursuant to Section 8.2 or Section
8.4, except for such conditions which by their nature are to be fulfilled at
the Escrow Closing or the Closing, and (ii) of the occurrence of any event
that may make the satisfaction of the conditions in Sections 8.2 or 8.4 not
reasonably likely.   (b) Prior to the Escrow Closing, Parent shall
promptly notify Seller (i) after satisfaction of the last of
Parent\'s obligations that are conditions to the obligation of Seller to
effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether pursuant to
Section 8.2 or Section 8.3, except for such conditions which by their nature
are to be fulfilled at the Escrow Closing or the Closing, and (ii) of
the occurrence of any event that may make the satisfaction of the conditions
in Section 8.2 or 8.3 not reasonably likely.   Section 5.3.5. Rating Agency
Matters.  ---------------------  From and after the date of this Agreement
until the Closing, Seller shall use its commercially reasonable efforts (x)
to assist Parent and FandG; Life in their preparation of submissions to, and to
participate in Parent\'s and FandG; Life\'s meetings with, A.M. Best
Company, Fitch, Inc. and Standard and Poor\'s regarding the initial ratings to
be assigned to FandG; Life, and (y) to assist Parent and Thomas Jefferson Life
in their preparation of submissions to, and to participate in Parent\'s and
Thomas Jefferson Life\'s meetings with, A.M. Best Company and Standard and
Poor\'s regarding the initial ratings to be assigned to Thomas Jefferson Life
after the Closing, in the case of clauses (x) and (y) to the extent requested
by Parent. For greater certainty, this Agreement shall not require Seller or
any affiliate of Seller to provide any form of financial or credit support to
FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life and shall not impose upon Seller or
any affiliate of Seller any obligations or liabilities in respect of the
credit ratings of Parent, FandG; Life or Thomas Jefferson Life other than as
expressly set forth in the immediately preceding sentence.     ARTICLE
SIX   Tax Matters  -----------  Section 6.1. Indemnification and Similar
Items.  ---------------------------------  (a) Seller shall indemnify and
hold harmless each of the Parent Indemnitees against any Taxes of FandG;
Life or the FandG; Subsidiaries for any taxable year or other taxable period
that ends on or before the Closing Date, with respect to taxable periods
beginning before the Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date, any
Taxes imposed or assessed against FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries that are allocable, pursuant to Section 6.1(c), to the portion
of such period ending on the Closing Date, any Taxes of any member of a
combined, consolidated or unitary group of which FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries (or any predecessor thereof) is or was a member on or prior to
the Closing Date, by reason of the liability of FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any
analogous or similar state, local or foreign law or regulation and any Taxes
imposed upon or assessed against FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries arising by reason of any breach by Seller, or inaccuracy,
of any of the representations contained in Section 3.17 hereof; provided,
however, that Seller shall have no obligation to indemnify any of the Parent
Indemnitees from any such Taxes until the aggregate amount of such Taxes
exceeds the aggregate amount of such Taxes accrued and reflected as
a current liability on the statutory balance sheet of FandG; Life as of
December 31, 2000 (as described in Section 3.6(b) hereof) less any and all
Tax payments made by Seller, an affiliate of Seller, FandG; Life or any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries since December 31, 2000, with respect to such accrued
Taxes, in which case Parent will be entitled to indemnity for the entire
excess amount. Seller shall also pay and shall indemnify and hold harmless
each of the Parent Indemnitees from and against any losses, damages,
liabilities, obligations, deficiencies, costs and expenses
(including, without limitation, reasonable expenses and fees for attorneys
and accountants) ("Related Costs") incurred in connection with the Taxes for
which Seller is responsible to indemnify each of the Parent Indemnitees
pursuant to this Section 6.1(a) (or any asserted deficiency, claim,
demand, action, suit, proceeding, judgment or assessment, including the
defense or settlement thereof, relating to such Taxes) or the enforcement of
this Section 6.1(a).   (b) Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless each of
the Seller Indemnitees against (i) any Taxes imposed upon or assessed
against FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries with respect to taxable
years or other taxable periods that begin after the Closing Date; and (ii)
with respect to taxable periods beginning before the Closing Date and
ending after the Closing Date, any Taxes imposed upon or assessed against
FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries which are allocable, pursuant to
Section 6.1(c), to the Post-Closing Tax Period.  (c) In the case of Taxes
that are payable with respect to a taxable period that begins before the
Closing Date and ends after the Closing Date, the portion of any such Tax
that is allocable to the portion of the period ending on the Closing Date
shall be:     (i) in the case of any premium tax, the amount which would 
be payable with respect to the direct premiums written  during the period
that ends on the Closing Date (taking into  account the rates and credits
allocable to the pre-Closing  period that would be available if such period
were treated  as a separate year for premium tax purposes); and   (ii) in
the case of any other Taxes, the amounts which would  be payable if the
taxable year ended or is treated as ending  as of the close of the Closing
Date.  The balance of any Taxes that are payable with respect to a taxable
period that begins before the Closing Date and ends after the Closing Date is
allocable to the Post-Closing Tax Period. Exemptions, allowances or
deductions that are calculated on an annual basis (including, but not
limited to, depreciation and amortization deductions) shall be allocated
between the period ending on the Closing Date and the Post-Closing Tax Period
in proportion to the number of days in each such period. For purposes of this
agreement, "Post-Closing Tax Period" means any Tax period ending after the
Closing Date, except that for Tax periods beginning before and ending after
the Closing Date, the portion of such period beginning after the Closing Date
will be considered a Post-Closing Tax Period.   (d) If Seller\'s
indemnification obligation under this Article Six arises in respect of an
adjustment which makes allowable to Parent, any of its affiliates or,
effective upon the Closing, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries, any
deduction, amortization, exclusion from income or other allowance (a "Tax
Benefit") which would not, but for such adjustment, be allowable, then within
30 days after the filing of the applicable Tax Return in which such
Tax Benefit is claimed, Parent shall pay to Seller the excess, if any, of
(i) the amount of Taxes that would have been payable by FandG; Life, any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries, Parent or any affiliate of Parent with respect to such Tax
period in the absence of such Tax Benefit over (ii) the amount of Taxes
actually paid; provided, however, that Parent shall be required to make a
payment to Seller under this paragraph (d) only to the extent that Seller has
made an actual indemnity payment to Parent.   (e) Any payment by Seller or
Parent, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or Section 6.1(b)
hereof, to the extent not previously made pursuant to Section 6.2
hereof, shall be made not later than 30 days after receipt by Seller or
Parent, as the case may be, of written notice stating that a Tax liability
has been paid by Parent or Seller, as the case may be, or their respective
affiliates.     (f) All payments under this Article Six shall be treated
by the parties as an adjustment to the Initial Share Consideration. However,
if any indemnification payment under this Article Six (including, without
limitation, this Section 6.1(f)) is determined to be taxable to the
party receiving such payment by any taxing authority, the paying party shall
also indemnify the party receiving such payment for any Taxes incurred by
reason of the receipt of such payment and any Related Costs incurred by the
party receiving such payment in connection with such Taxes (or any asserted
deficiency, claim, demand, action, suit, proceeding, judgment or assessment,
including the defense or settlement thereof, relating to such Taxes).   (g)
Any dispute as to any matter covered by this Article Six shall be resolved by
an independent accounting firm mutually acceptable to Seller and Parent. The
fees and expenses of such accounting firm shall be borne equally by Seller
and Parent.   (h) Any claim for indemnity under this Article Six may
be made at any time prior to 60 days after the expiration of the applicable
Tax statute of limitations with respect to the relevant taxable period
(including all periods of extension, whether automatic or permissive).  
(i) Subject to Sections 6.1(j) and 6.1(k) hereof, to the extent any
determination of Tax liability of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary, whether
as the result of an audit or examination, a claim for refund, the filing of
an amended return or otherwise, results in any refund of Taxes
paid attributable to (i) any period which ends on or before the Closing Date
or (ii) any period which includes the Closing Date but does not begin or end
on that day, any such refund shall belong to Seller, provided that in the
case of any Tax refund described in clause (ii) of this Section 6.1(i),
the portion of such Tax refund which shall belong to Seller shall be that
portion that is attributable to the portion of that period which ends on the
Closing Date (determined on the basis of an interim closing of the books as
of the Closing Date), and Parent shall promptly pay any such refund, and the
interest actually received thereon, to Seller upon receipt thereof by Parent.
Any and all other refunds shall belong to Parent; provided further,
however, that Parent shall only pay such refunds to Seller to the extent
such refunds exceed the aggregate amount of Taxes reflected as assets on the
statutory balance sheet of FandG; Life as of December 31, 2000 (as described in
Section 3.6(b) hereof). Any payments made under this Section 6.1(i) shall be
net of any Taxes payable with respect to such refund, credit or interest
thereon.   (j) Seller shall pay to Parent the amount of any Tax
refund (including interest thereon) realized by Seller or any affiliate
thereof as a result of the carryback of any Tax loss, deduction or credit of
FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary from any taxable period (or portion thereof)
beginning after the Closing Date to a taxable period ending on or before
the Closing Date. Seller shall pay such amount to Parent within 20 business
days after such Tax benefit is realized by Seller or any affiliate of it as a
refund or otherwise.     (k) If any audit, examination of or judicial
proceeding involving any Tax Return of FandG; Life or any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries for taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date
shall result (by settlement or otherwise) in any adjustment, the effect of
which is to increase any deduction, amortization, exclusion from income or
other allowance on any of the Tax Returns of FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries for any Post-Closing Taxable Period (the "Positive Parent
Changes") or to decrease any deduction, amortization, exclusion from income
or other allowance on any of the Tax Returns of FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries for any Post-Closing Taxable Period (the "Negative Parent
Changes" and, together with the Positive Parent Changes, the "Parent
Changes"), Seller will notify Parent and provide it with all necessary
information so that it can reflect on the appropriate Tax Returns
any appropriate Parent Changes. If, as a result of a Positive Parent Change,
FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries enjoys a net income Tax benefit
("Parent Benefit") in any Post Closing Taxable Period, Parent shall promptly
make payments to Seller as and when such Parent Benefit is recognized in an
amount equal to such Parent Benefit. If, as a result of a Negative Parent
Change, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries suffers a net income Tax
detriment ("Parent Detriment") in any Post-Closing Taxable Period, Seller
shall promptly make payments to Parent as and when such Parent Detriment is
recognized in an amount equal to such Parent Detriment.   If any audit,
examination of or judicial proceeding involving any Tax Return of FandG; Life
or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries for a Post-Closing Taxable Period
shall result (by settlement or otherwise) in any adjustment, the effect of
which is to increase any deduction, amortization, exclusion from income or
other allowance on any of the Tax Returns of FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries for any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date
(the "Positive Seller Changes") or to decrease any deduction, amortization,
exclusion from income or other allowance on any of the Tax Returns of FandG;
Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries for any taxable period ending on or
before the Closing Date (the "Negative Seller Changes" and, together with
the Positive Seller Changes, the "Seller Changes"), Parent will notify Seller
and provide it with all necessary information so that it can reflect on the
appropriate Tax Returns any appropriate Seller Changes. If, as a result of
a Positive Seller Change, FandG; Life or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries enjoys a
net income Tax benefit ("Seller Benefit") in any taxable period ending on or
before the Closing Date, Seller shall promptly make payments to Parent as
and when such Seller Benefit is recognized in an amount equal to such Seller
Benefit. If, as a result of a Negative Seller Change, FandG; Life or any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries suffers a net income Tax detriment ("Seller Detriment")
in any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date, Parent shall
promptly make payments to Seller as and when such Seller Detriment is
recognized in an amount equal to such Seller Detriment.     Section 6.2.
Responsibility for Filing Returns.  --------------------------------- 
Parent or an affiliate of Parent (including, effective upon the Closing, FandG;
Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries) shall file or cause to be filed when due
all Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to FandG; Life and the
FandG; Subsidiaries and not yet filed or due on or before the Closing Date.
With respect to Tax Returns that include periods (or, with respect to Tax
Returns that include periods beginning on or before the Closing Date
and ending after the Closing Date, portions thereof) ending on or before the
Closing Date and that are filed after the Closing Date, Parent shall permit
Seller to review and comment on such Tax Returns prior to filing and shall
make such revisions to such Tax Returns as are reasonably requested by
Seller and Seller shall pay to Parent the Taxes due with respect to such Tax
Returns for which Seller is liable pursuant to Section 6.1(a) hereof no later
than five days prior to the due date for the filing of such Tax Returns.  
Section 6.3. Right to Contest Tax Liability. 
------------------------------  Seller shall have the right to contest
or defend itself and FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries against the
assertion of any liability (including interest and penalties thereon) with
respect to which Seller has agreed pursuant to this Article Six to indemnify
and hold Parent, FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries harmless; provided,
that (i) such asserted liability is not part of an audit, contest or other
proceeding that also involves or could impact, directly or indirectly, a
Post-Closing Tax Period, and (ii) such asserted liability can be contested
solely in the name of Seller. If the conditions set forth in the proviso
of the immediately preceding sentence are not satisfied or waived in writing
by Parent, Seller shall have the right to participate in the negotiation and
settlement of any such asserted liability, the contest and defense of which
shall be controlled by Parent. Parent shall promptly inform Seller of any
such asserted liability. If Seller is controlling the contest and defense of
any such asserted liability, Seller may not settle, reject, compromise
or otherwise resolve any such asserted liability without the consent of
Parent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If Parent
is controlling the contest and defense of any such asserted liability, Parent
may not settle, reject, compromise or otherwise resolve any such asserted
liability without the consent of Seller, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. If Seller is controlling the contest and
defense of any such asserted liability, Parent, at Seller\'s written
request, shall cause FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries to cooperate fully
with Seller and to assist in the preparation for any audit, and in the
prosecution or defense of any claim, suit or proceeding relating to any such
asserted liability. Seller shall promptly inform Parent of material
developments in any such tax liability contest.   Section 6.4. Access to
Records.  -----------------  After the Closing Date, Parent shall provide
to Seller and Seller shall provide to Parent, as the case may be, timely
access and reasonable assistance and cooperation during normal business hours
in making tax information and copies thereof with respect to FandG; Life and
the FandG; Subsidiaries available to Seller and its agents or Parent and its
agents, as the case may be, including access for the timely filing of Tax
Returns. Additionally, each of Seller and Parent shall cooperate fully in
preparing for and conducting any audits of, or disputes with
taxing authorities regarding, any Tax Returns of FandG; Life or any of the
FandG; Subsidiaries, will make available to the other party and to any taxing
authority, as reasonably requested, all records, documents, accounting data
and other information relating to Taxes of FandG; Life and the FandG;
Subsidiaries, and will furnish the other party with copies of
all correspondence received from any taxing authority in connection with any
tax audit or information request with respect to any such taxable period for
which the other party may have a liability. All pertinent existing books
of account, papers, and records shall be retained by Seller, Parent, FandG;
Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries until either the statute of limitations to
which they relate expires by lapse of time or by the terms of an agreement
for extension of time or until advised by Seller or Parent, as the case
may be, that such books of account, papers, and records are no longer
required by that party or its agent, whichever date is later. After the
Closing Date, Parent shall cause FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries to
comply with this Section 6.4.     ARTICLE SEVEN   Approvals;
Commercially Reasonable Efforts 
-------------------------------------------  Except as otherwise required
herein, the parties shall apply for and diligently prosecute all
applications for, and shall use their commercially reasonable
efforts promptly to obtain, such approvals, consents or forebearances from:
(i) any Person from whom such approvals, consents or forebearances are
required under any Contract to which Seller, FandG; Life or any of the FandG;
Subsidiaries is a party; (ii) any Person from whom such approvals, consents
or forebearances are required under any material contract to which Parent or
any Parent Subsidiary is a party; and (iii) insurance regulatory authorities
and such other Government Entities as shall be necessary to permit the
Closing, and shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to bring about
the satisfaction as soon as practicable of all the conditions contained in
Article Eight and otherwise to effect the consummation as soon as practicable
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Without limiting the
foregoing, each of Parent and Seller shall, within 10 Business Days of the
date hereof, make any filings with the Federal Trade Commission and the
Department of Justice as may be required with respect to the acquisition of
the Shares by Purchaser, pursuant to HSR and Parent shall make filings of
preacquisition statements required by applicable state insurance holding
company systems laws and acquisition of control filings in all
jurisdictions indicated in Section 4.3 of Parent\'s Disclosure
Schedule within 20 Business Days of the date hereof. In addition, each party
shall provide such other information, documentation and communications to
such insurance regulatory authorities and such other Government Entities
as such authorities and Government Entities may reasonably request, and each
party shall cooperate with the other in obtaining, as promptly as
practicable, all approvals, authorizations, and clearances of Government
Entities and other Persons required to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. Each party hereto shall have the right to
review in advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult the other
on, in each case subject to applicable Laws relating to the exchange of
information or    other applicable confidentiality requirements, all
the information relating to Seller, Parent or any of their respective
affiliates, as the case may be, that appears in any filing or other
submission made with, or other written materials submitted to, any third
party or Government Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. In exercising the foregoing right, each of Seller and
Parent shall act reasonably and as promptly as practicable. Seller and Parent
agree that they will keep the other apprised of the status of matters
relating to completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including promptly furnishing the other with copies of any notice or other
communications received by Seller, Parent or any of their respective
subsidiaries, as the case may be, from any third party or Government
Entity with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, including,
without limitation, all inquiries from insurance regulators and all notices
of claims, suits and actions for which either party receives service of
process. Each party hereto hereby covenants to request early termination of
the waiting period required by the HSR and to cooperate with the other party
hereto to the extent reasonably necessary to assist in making reasonable
supplemental presentations to the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice, and if reasonably requested by the
Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice, to promptly amend or furnish additional information thereunder.  
ARTICLE EIGHT   Conditions Precedent  --------------------  Section 8.1.
Preamble.  --------  The respective obligations set forth herein of Seller
and Parent to consummate this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Escrow Closing
Date, in the case of Seller, of the conditions indicated in Sections 8.2 and
8.3, and in the case of Parent, of the conditions indicated in Sections 8.2
and 8.4, provided that a party shall be precluded from asserting that a
condition hereinafter set forth in this Article Eight has not been satisfied
by reason of any matter, event, fact, failure or circumstance that was caused
by such party.   Section 8.2. Conditions to Obligations of the Parties. 
----------------------------------------  (a) There shall not be any
injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, action or suit in
effect, pending or threatened, in writing, of or by any Government Entity
that (i) seeks to restrain, enjoin or otherwise prevent, or restrains,
enjoins or otherwise prevents, consummation of, or modifies or seeks to
modify in any material respect the carrying out of, any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) seeks or imposes material damages in
connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or
(iii) questions the validity or legality of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) All approvals set forth in Section 3.3
of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule and Section 4.3 of Parent\'s
Disclosure Schedule shall have been obtained and any waiting periods under
applicable insurance laws shall have expired or been terminated.     (c)
The waiting period under HSR shall have expired or been terminated.  
Section 8.3. Conditions to Obligations of Seller. 
-----------------------------------   Section 8.3.1. Representations and
Warranties of Parent.  ----------------------------------------  The
representations and warranties of Parent in Article Four hereof shall be true
and correct when made and at and as of the Closing Date with the same effect
as though such representations and warranties had been made at and as of
such date, except (i) that any such representations and warranties that are
given as of a specified date and relate solely to a specified date or period
shall be true and correct only as of such date or period, (ii) for
changes permitted by, or necessitated by compliance with, this Agreement and
(iii) to the extent any breach thereof, individually or when aggregated with
all such breaches, has not had and is not reasonably likely to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Section 8.3.1, the
truth or correctness of any representation or warranty of Parent in Article
Four hereof shall be determined without regard to any materiality,
"Parent Material Adverse Effect" or "Knowledge of Parent" qualification set
forth in such representation or warranty. Parent shall have delivered to
Seller at the Closing a certificate to the foregoing effect, dated the
Closing Date and signed by the Global Head of Life of Parent.   Section
8.3.2. Performance of Covenants.  ------------------------  Each and all of
the covenants and agreements herein of Parent to be performed or complied
with prior to or on the Closing Date shall have been duly performed
or complied with by Parent in all material respects, and Parent shall have
delivered to Seller a certificate to the foregoing effect, dated the Closing
Date and signed by the Global Head of Life of Parent.   Section 8.3.3.
Guaranty.  --------  All consents and approvals from any Person (other than
The St. Paul and its affiliates), including, without limitation, any rating
agency, to terminate fully the Guaranty Agreements and those agreements
and arrangements indicated in Section 8.3.3 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule
shall have been obtained, and Parent and the other signatories to the
Indemnification Agreement (as defined below) shall have entered into an
Indemnification Agreement substantially in the form of Annex A hereto
(the "Indemnification Agreement") with respect to each of (i) the Guaranty
Agreements and (ii) those agreements and arrangements indicated in Section
8.3.3 of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule.   Section 8.3.4. Stock Exchange
Listing.  ----------------------  The Initial Parent Shares to be issued
to Seller at the Closing shall have been (a) admitted to the Official List
of the UKLA (subject only to such admission becoming effective), (b) admitted
to trading on the LSE (subject only to such admission becoming effective) and
(c) approved for listing on all other stock exchanges on which Parent Shares
are then listed (subject only to official notice of issuance).    
Section 8.3.5. Parent Material Adverse Effect. 
------------------------------  There shall not have occurred since the date
of this Agreement any Parent Material Adverse Effect or any event or change
that, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.   Section 8.3.6. License Agreement. 
-----------------  Parent shall have duly executed and delivered to Seller
the Trademark License Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as
Annex B (the "License Agreement").   Section 8.3.7. Certificate Relating to
Authority.  ---------------------------------  Parent shall have delivered
to Seller a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of Parent,
dated as of the Closing Date, as to the resolutions of the Board of Directors
(or other similar governing body) of Parent authorizing the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Agreements to which it is a party, as to the status
and signature of each of their officers who executed and delivered this
Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party and any
other document delivered by them in connection with the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other
Transaction Agreements, as to its memorandum and articles of association,
certificate of incorporation, by- laws or other organizational documents,
certified by the applicable governmental authority, and as to its
due organization, existence and good standing.   Section 8.4. Conditions to
Obligations of Parent.  -----------------------------------   Section
8.4.1. Representations and Warranties of Seller. 
----------------------------------------  The representations and warranties
of Seller in Article Three hereof shall be true and correct when made and at
and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though such
representations and warranties had been made at and as of such date, except
(i) that any such representations and warranties that are given as of a
specified date and relate solely to a specified date or period shall be true
and correct only as of such date or period, (ii) for changes permitted by,
or necessitated by compliance with, this Agreement and (iii) to the extent
any breach thereof, individually or when aggregated with all such breaches,
has not had and is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
For purposes of this Section 8.4.1, the truth or correctness of any
representation or warranty of Seller in Article Three hereof shall be
determined without regard to any materiality, "Material Adverse Effect"
or "Knowledge of Seller" qualification set forth in such representation and
warranty. Seller shall have delivered to Parent at the Closing a certificate
to the foregoing effect, dated the Closing Date and signed by the Chairman,
President or any duly authorized Vice President of Seller.     Section
8.4.2. Performance of Covenants.  ------------------------  Each and all of
the covenants and agreements herein of Seller to be performed or complied
with prior to or on the Closing Date shall have been duly performed
or complied with by Seller in all material respects, and Seller shall have
delivered to Parent a certificate to the foregoing effect, dated the Closing
Date and signed by the Chairman, President or any duly authorized Vice
President of Seller.   Section 8.4.3. Approvals.  ---------  All
approvals that are required to be obtained in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other
Transaction Agreements from any Person under any Contract to which Seller,
FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary is a party shall have been obtained, the
failure of which to obtain, individually or in the aggregate, would have or
is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 8.4.4.
Material Adverse Effect.  -----------------------  There shall not have
occurred since the date of this Agreement any Material Adverse Effect or any
event or change that, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 8.4.5. Ratings.  -------  The
claims-paying ability of (x) FandG; Life shall be rated at least "A" by A.M.
Best, "AA" by Standard and Poor\'s and "AA" by Fitch, Inc., and (y) Thomas
Jefferson Life shall be rated at least "A" by A.M. Best and "AA" by Standard
and Poor\'s, in the case of clauses (x) and (y) immediately prior to the Escrow
Closing; provided that, for greater certainty, the placing of FandG; Life or
Thomas Jefferson Life on credit watch by any such agency primarily as a
result of this transaction on or prior to the Escrow Closing shall not be
deemed a failure by Seller to satisfy the condition to Closing set forth in
this Section 8.4.5.   Section 8.4.6. License Agreement. 
-----------------  Seller shall have duly executed and delivered to Parent
the License Agreement.   Section 8.4.7. Certificate Relating to Authority. 
---------------------------------  Seller shall have delivered to Parent
a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of Seller, dated as of
the Closing Date, as to the resolutions of the Board of Directors of Seller
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party, as to the
status and signature of each of its officers who executed and delivered this
Agreement and any other document delivered by it in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of
the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party, as to its
certificate of incorporation and by-laws, certified by the applicable
governmental authority, and as to its due organization, existence and good
standing.     ARTICLE NINE   Survival; Indemnification 
-------------------------  Section 9.1. Survival.  --------  The
representations and warranties of Seller and Parent herein shall survive for
18 months from the Closing Date except for (i) the representations
and warranties of Seller specified in Section 3.4(b), Section 3.5(b),
Section 3.5(c), clause (x) in the first sentence of Section 3.4(a), and the
first sentence and clause (x) in the second sentence of Section 3.5(a),
Section 3.11, and Section 3.17, and the representations and warranties of
Parent specified in Section 4.1(c), Section 4.1(d), clause (x) in the first
sentence of Section 4.1(a) and clause (x) in the first sentence of Section
4.4, which shall survive until 60 days after expiration of all applicable
statutes of limitation and (ii) the representations and warranties of Seller
specified in Section 3.25, which shall survive for three years following the
Closing Date. Prior to the Closing, other than in the case of intentional
fraud by Seller or Parent or any of their respective affiliates
or representatives, the sole and exclusive remedy of Parent and of Seller
for any breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained
herein shall be refusal to close the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. After the Closing, other than in the case of intentional fraud
by Seller or Parent or any of their respective affiliates
or representatives, the sole and exclusive remedy of Parent and of Seller
for any breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained
herein shall be the indemnities provided by Article Six hereof and by Section
9.2 hereof.   Section 9.2. Indemnification.  ---------------  (a) Seller
shall indemnify in accordance with Section 9.2 of this Agreement, without
duplication, Parent and its affiliates (including, without limitation, FandG;
Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries) and their respective officers, directors,
employees and agents, and the legal representatives, successors and assigns
thereof (each a "Parent Indemnitee" and, collectively, the
"Parent Indemnitees") from and against (i) any and all Damages (as defined
below) sustained or incurred by such Parent Indemnitee as a result of or
arising out of any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty
made by Seller to Parent in this Agreement, and (ii) any and all Damages
sustained or incurred by any Parent Indemnitee as a result of or arising out
of any breach by Seller of, or failure of Seller to comply with, any covenant
or obligation under this Agreement to be performed by
Seller. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims for indemnification for
Indemnifiable ERISA Losses, Indemnifiable Litigation (as defined in Section
9.2(i) of Seller\'s Disclosure Schedule), Indemnifiable Market Misconduct and
Taxes (for avoidance of doubt, not including claims with respect to a breach
of the representation of Section 3.29, which claims may be made pursuant to
this Section 9.2(a)) shall be governed exclusively by Sections 9.2(h), 9.2(i)
and 9.2(k) and Article Six of this Agreement, respectively. For
greater certainty, no claims for Damages that relate in any respect to
breaches of representations and warranties, covenants or obligations of
Seller relating to Indemnifiable ERISA Losses, Indemnifiable Litigation,
Indemnifiable Market Misconduct and Taxes (for avoidance of doubt, not
including claims with respect to a breach of the representation of Section
3.29, which claims may be made pursuant to this Section 9.2(a)) may be made
except pursuant to Sections 9.2(h), 9.2(i) and 9.2(k) and Article Six of this
Agreement, respectively. For purposes of this Section 9.2(a), the truth or
correctness of any representation or warranty of Seller in Article Three
hereof shall be determined without regard to any materiality, "Material
Adverse Effect", or "Knowledge of Seller" qualification set forth in
such representation or warranty.     (b) Parent shall indemnify in
accordance with Section 9.2 of this Agreement, without duplication, Seller
and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees and
agents and the legal representatives, successors and assigns thereof (each a
"Seller Indemnitee" and, collectively, the "Seller Indemnitees") from
and against (i) any and all Damages sustained or incurred by such Seller
Indemnitee as a result of or arising out of any inaccuracy in or breach of
any representation or warranty made by Parent to Seller in this Agreement,
and (ii) any and all Damages sustained or incurred by any Seller
Indemnitee as a result of or arising out of any breach by Parent, Purchaser
or Note Purchaser of, or failure of Parent to comply with, any covenant or
obligation under this Agreement to be performed by Parent, Purchaser or Note
Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims for indemnification for
Taxes shall be governed exclusively by Article Six of this Agreement. For
purposes of this Section 9.2(b), the truth or correctness of any
representation or warranty of Parent in Article Four hereof shall be
determined without regard to any materiality, "Parent Material Adverse
Effect", or "Knowledge of Parent" qualification set forth in
such representation or warranty.   (c) Any claim for indemnification
against a party hereto in respect of any breach or violation of a
representation or warranty made herein must be asserted before the
expiration of the applicable period of survival specified in Section 9.1.
The aggregate amount for which Seller shall be obligated to indemnify the
Parent Indemnitees hereunder (i) for any breach of or inaccuracy in any of
the representations and warranties set forth in Article Three, other than
for any breach of or inaccuracy in the representations and warranties
contained in Section 3.4(b), Section 3.5(b), Section 3.5(c), clause (x) in
the first sentence of Section 3.4(a), and the first sentence and clause (x)
in the second sentence of Section 3.5(a) hereof, shall in no event exceed
$175,000,000, and (ii) for any    breach of or inaccuracy in any of the
representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.4(b), Section
3.5(b), Section 3.5(c), clause (x) in the first sentence of Section 3.4(a)
or the first sentence or clause (x) in the second sentence of Section 3.5(a)
hereof, together with any amounts subject to the $175,000,000 limit set forth
above, shall in no event exceed in the aggregate $585,000,000. The aggregate
amount for which Parent shall be obligated to indemnify the Seller
Indemnitees hereunder (i) for any breach of or inaccuracy in any of the
representations and warranties set forth in Article Four, other than for
any breach of or inaccuracy in any of the representations and warranties set
forth in Section 4.1(c), Section 4.1(d), clause (x) in the first sentence of
Section 4.1(a), or clause (x) in the first sentence of Section 4.4
hereof, shall in no event exceed $175,000,000, and (ii) for any breach of or
inaccuracy in any of the representations and warranties set forth in Section
4.1(c), Section 4.1(d), clause (x) in the first sentence of Section 4.1(a),
or clause (x) in the first sentence of Section 4.4 hereof, together with any
amounts subject to the $175,000,000 limit set forth above, shall in no event
exceed in the aggregate $300,000,000. Neither party shall be obligated to
provide indemnification under Sections 9.2(a) or 9.2(b) of this Agreement
for a breach or violation of a representation and warranty made herein unless
and until the aggregate amount of claims against such party for
indemnification hereunder for breaches of representations and warranties
exceeds an amount equal to $20,000,000 (the "Basket"), and then such party
shall only be obligated to provide indemnification for such claims in excess
of the Basket; provided, however, that this Section 9.2(c) shall not apply to
matters covered by Article Six or Sections 9.2(h), 9.2(i) or 9.2(k) of
this Agreement, and provided further that the Basket shall not apply for any
breach of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.4(b),
Section 3.5(b), Section 3.5(c), clause (x) in the first sentence of Section
3.4(a), the first sentence or clause (x) in the second sentence of Section
3.5(a), Section 4.1(c), Section 4.1(d), clause (x) in the first sentence of
Section 4.1(a), or clause (x) in the first sentence of Section 4.4; and
provided further that no breach of any representation or warranty shall be
deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Section 9.2 unless the actual
Damages incurred as a result thereof are in excess of $25,000 except in the
case of a series of similar breaches relating to the same or substantially
similar conduct of an Indemnifying Party and arising out of a common set
of operative facts that together aggregate more than $25,000.   (d) The
amount of any loss to which either party shall be entitled to indemnification
under this Article Nine shall be limited to the amount by which the losses
exceed amounts received by an Indemnified Party under insurance policies. In
the event of a claim covered by both insurance and the indemnification
provisions of this Article Nine (a "Dual Covered Claim"), each party agrees
to promptly file a claim against such insurance coverage and to collect the
proceeds due under such insurance coverage prior to seeking indemnification
under this Article Nine. If a party is unable to collect the proceeds due
under such insurance coverage within a reasonable time and such party\'s
claim for insurance is still pending, such party may seek indemnification
under this Article Nine provided that the seeking of indemnification does not
materially prejudice such party\'s right to collect the proceeds due under
such insurance coverage. If a party seeks indemnification and is indemnified
pursuant to this Article Nine while its claim for insurance is still pending
in accordance with the previous sentence, such party agrees, upon the other
party\'s request, to (i) continue to seek insurance coverage and collect the
proceeds due under such insurance coverage and remit to the other party the
proceeds received from the insurer for the Dual Covered Claim or (ii) assign
its rights to insurance for a Dual Covered Claim to the other party. The
Seller and Parent intend that, as between the insurer and an Indemnifying
Party, the insurer shall ultimately bear the risk of loss with respect to a
Dual Covered Claim, and the Seller and Parent agree to cooperate to take
such further action as may be required in order to ensure that this
occurs.     (e) The dollar amounts indicated in Section 9.2(c) have been
agreed upon solely in order to facilitate the administration of this
Agreement, and they are in no way intended to, and do not, reflect or suggest
a determination by the Seller and Parent that any such damage,
loss, liability or expense is material under this Agreement.   (f) In the
case of third party actions, promptly after receipt by a party (the
"Indemnified Party") of notice of any claim or notice of the commencement of
any action, suit or proceeding, in respect of which the Indemnified Party
may seek indemnification from the other party hereto (the "Indemnifying
Party") pursuant to this Article Nine, the Indemnified Party shall notify the
Indemnifying Party of such claim, action, suit or proceeding, and shall
thereafter promptly convey all further communications and information in
respect thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided that no delay on the part
of the Indemnified Party in notifying the Indemnifying Party shall relieve
the Indemnifying Party from any liability or obligation hereunder unless (and
then solely to the extent that) the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that the
defense of such third party action is prejudiced by the Indemnified Party\'s
delay in giving such notice.   (g) The Indemnifying Party shall, if it so
elects, have sole control at its own expense over the contest, settlement,
adjustment or compromise of any third-party claim, action, suit or proceeding
in respect of which this Article Nine requires it to indemnify the
Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party shall not, as long as it
conducts the defense of such third-party claim, action, suit or proceeding
in a reasonably diligent manner, be liable to the Indemnified Party for any
fees of other counsel or any other expenses with respect to the defense of
such third-party claim, action, suit or proceeding incurred by
the Indemnified Party, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the
reasonable requests of the Indemnifying Party in connection with such
contest, settlement, adjustment or compromise; provided, however, that (i)
the Indemnified Party may, if it so elects, employ counsel at its
own expense to assist in the handling of such claim, action, suit or
proceeding and (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall obtain the prior written
approval of the Indemnified Party, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld, before entering into any settlement, adjustment or compromise
of such claim, action, suit or proceeding, or ceasing to defend against such
claim, action, suit or proceeding, (A) brought by an insurance regulatory
authority, or (B) if pursuant thereto or as a result thereof, (1) the
Indemnified Party would be required to pay any amount that would not be
fully covered by indemnification hereunder, subject to the de minimis
qualifiers set forth in the third proviso of the last sentence of Section
9.2(c) and the Basket, if applicable, or (2) injunctive or other relief would
be imposed upon the Indemnified Party, provided that if the Indemnified
Party withholds approval of any settlement, adjustment or compromise of a
claim that involves a matter brought by an insurance regulatory authority
pursuant to Section 9.2(g)(ii)(A), and the ultimate cost of defending and
disposing of such matter is increased as a result, the Indemnified Party
shall, upon receipt of written demand of    the Indemnifying Party,
promptly pay the Indemnifying Party an amount equal to such increase. If the
Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it
believes that the Indemnifying Party is failing to conduct the defense of
such third-party claim, action, suit or proceeding in a reasonably diligent
manner, such notice sets forth in detail the reasons for its belief, such
notice is accompanied by a certification of an officer of the Indemnified
Party stating that the Indemnified Party believes that the Indemnifying Party
is failing to conduct the defense of such third-party claim, action, suit
or proceeding in a reasonably diligent manner and stating that it has
determined in good faith that there is a reasonable probability that such
third-party claim, action, suit or proceeding is reasonably likely to
materially adversely affect it other than as a result of monetary damage
for which it could be entitled to full indemnification under this Agreement,
and the Indemnifying Party fails to cure such failure within 30 days of
receiving such notice, the Indemnifying Party shall co-manage the defense of
any such third-party claim, action, suit or proceeding with the Indemnified
Party. The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable under this Section 9.2 for
any settlement, adjustment or compromise effected without its consent of any
claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification may be
sought hereunder, nor shall the amount of any such matter count toward the
aggregate amount above for which the other party may seek indemnity.   (h)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in addition to
(and without duplication of) the indemnification provided by Section 9.2(a)
above, Seller shall also indemnify the Parent Indemnitees from and
against any and all Damages sustained or incurred by any Parent Indemnitee
as a result of or arising out of FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary being
included in a group under common control with Seller and its Affiliates
(other than FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary) through the Closing Date for
purposes of Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA ("Indemnifiable
ERISA Losses"). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary
(including, without limitation, Section 9.1), Seller\'s obligations under
this Section 9.2(h) shall survive the Closing until the sixth anniversary
thereof.   (i) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
in addition to (and without duplication of) the indemnification provided by
Section 9.2(a) above, Seller shall also indemnify the Parent Indemnitees from
and against any and all Damages sustained or incurred by any
Parent Indemnitee as a direct result of or arising out of Indemnifiable
Litigation, as such term is defined in Section 9.2(i) of Seller\'s Disclosure
Schedule. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary
(including without limitation Section 9.1), the rights of an Indemnified
Party set forth in the second sentence and the first proviso of the first
sentence of Section 9.2(g) shall not apply with regard to any indemnification
claim brought pursuant to this Section 9.2(i); provided, however,
that Seller shall obtain the prior written approval of the applicable Parent
Indemnitee, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,
before entering into any settlement of any such regulatory or administrative
action or litigation that would impose injunctive or other
relief, including, without limitation, any admission of wrongdoing or guilt
or requirement to discontinue any business practice, upon the Parent
Indemnitee.     (j) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, Seller shall not have any obligation to indemnify any Parent
Indemnitee from or against any Damages sustained or incurred by such Parent
Indemnitee as a result of any of the Specified Matters.   (k)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in addition to
(and without duplication of) the indemnification provided by Section
9.2(a)(i) above, Seller shall also indemnify the Parent Indemnitees from and
against any and all Damages in excess of $25,000,000 sustained or incurred
by any Parent Indemnitee arising from the activities of agents and employees
of FandG; Life and Thomas Jefferson Life in selling the FandG; Life and Thomas
Jefferson Life products (including liabilities arising from the use
of misleading marketing materials or improper training of agents) prior to
the Closing to the extent that the activities were prohibited as of the date
of this Agreement under applicable laws regulating insurance sales
practices ("Indemnifiable Market Misconduct"); provided, however,
the aggregate amount for which Seller shall be obligated to indemnify the
Parent Indemnitees under this Section 9.2(k) shall in no event exceed
$100,000,000 (for greater certainty, Parent shall be obligated to pay the
first $25,000,000 of any such Damages and all such Damages in excess of
$125,000,000). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary
(including, without limitation, Section 9.1), Seller\'s obligations under
this Section 9.2(k) shall survive until the third anniversary of the
Closing.   (l) As used in this Article Nine, the term "Damages" shall mean
the actual out-of-pocket cost to the Indemnified Party, when and as paid by
the Indemnified Party, of all direct assessments, levies, losses, fines,
penalties, interest, obligations, payments, liabilities, damages, costs
and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys\',
accountants\' and investigators\' fees and expenses; provided, however, that
no Indemnified Party shall be entitled to indemnification from any
Indemnifying Party under this Article Nine in respect of any consequential
or special or punitive damages except for indemnification for consequential
or special or punitive damages that are paid by an Indemnified Party to a
third party. For the purposes of clarification, any assessment, levy, loss,
fine, penalty, obligation, payment, liability, damage, cost or
expense suffered by FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary after the Closing shall
(without duplication) be deemed to have been suffered by Parent. The parties
hereto agree to treat, to the extent possible, any indemnity payment under
this Agreement as an adjustment to the Initial Share Consideration.    
ARTICLE TEN   Miscellaneous  -------------  Section 10.1. Modification;
Waiver.  --------------------  This Agreement may be modified in any
manner and at any time only by a duly authorized written instrument executed
by each of the parties hereto. Any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement may be waived at any time before the Closing Date by or on behalf
of Parent or Seller by the duly authorized writing of the party entitled to
the benefit of any such term or condition. A waiver on one occasion will not
be deemed to be a waiver of the same or any other breach or nonfullfillment
on a future occasion. Unless expressly provided otherwise herein, all
remedies, whether under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded,
shall be cumulative and not alternative or duplicative.   Section 10.2.
Integration.  -----------  This Agreement, the other
Transaction Agreements, the confidentiality agreement, dated January
22, 2001, executed by The St. Paul and the confidentiality agreement, dated
November 20, 2000, executed by Parent and The St. Paul, including the
Schedules and Annexes hereto and thereto, constitute the entire agreement and
understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof
and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings,
whether oral or written, between the parties hereto in respect of the subject
matter of this Agreement. The terms of this Agreement cannot be changed,
modified, released or discharged orally.   Section 10.3. Termination. 
-----------  (a) This Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby may
be terminated and abandoned at any time prior to the Closing as follows:  
(i) by mutual written agreement of Parent and Seller;   (ii) at the election
of Parent, if any one or more of the conditions to the obligation of Parent
to close contained in Section 8.4 hereof has not been fulfilled as of the
date falling 180 days after the date of this Agreement;   (iii) at the
election of Seller, if any one or more of the conditions to the obligation of
Seller to close contained in Section 8.3 hereof has not been fulfilled as
of the date falling 180 days after the date of this Agreement; or   (iv)
at the election of Parent or Seller if one or more of the conditions to their
obligation to close contained in Section 8.2 hereof has not been fulfilled as
of the date falling 270 days after the date of this Agreement, or at such
later date as the parties shall have agreed to in writing.     (b) Upon
the valid termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.3, this
Agreement (other than Sections 10.4, 10.12 and 10.13, the last sentence of
Section 5.1.2 and the last sentence of Section 5.2.2(b), which shall remain
in full force and effect) shall forthwith become null and void, and neither
party shall have any liability to the other arising out of this Agreement
except for any liability arising from a breach of a covenant or agreement set
forth in this Agreement prior to its termination. For purposes of the
preceding sentence, neither party shall have any liability to the other party
for the failure of any representation or warranty to be true or correct, and
the sole remedy for any such failure shall be to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 10.3.   Section 10.4. Expenses.  -------- 
Whether or not the transactions contemplated herein shall be consummated,
each party shall (except as otherwise specifically provided herein) pay its
own expenses incident to the preparation and performance of this
Agreement.   Section 10.5. Further Actions.  ---------------  Each party
shall execute and deliver such other certificates, agreements and documents
and take such other actions as may reasonably be requested by the other party
in order to consummate or implement the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 10.6. Post-Closing Access.  -------------------  In
connection with any financial audit of Seller or any of its affiliates or
other governmental investigation of Seller, any of its affiliates, FandG; Life
or any of the FandG; Subsidiaries for any matter relating to any period prior
to the Closing, and otherwise insofar as access is reasonably required by The
St. Paul or Seller, including, without limitation, for audit, accounting, tax
return preparation and filing and litigation purposes (other than for or in
contemplation of litigation, arbitration or other claims by Seller or any
affiliate of Seller (other than FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries) against
Parent or any of its affiliates, including without limitation FandG; Life or
any FandG; Subsidiary), as well as for purposes of fulfilling disclosure and
reporting obligations, Parent shall, upon the written request of Seller,
permit The St. Paul, Seller and their respective representatives to have
reasonable access to and may inspect, during normal business hours,
the properties, documents, books and records and other data of FandG; Life and
the FandG; Subsidiaries and such information concerning the respective
businesses, affairs, properties, operations and personnel of FandG; Life and
the FandG; Subsidiaries as The St. Paul, Sellers or their
respective representatives may from time to time reasonably request and may
discuss the affairs and accounts of FandG; Life and the FandG; Subsidiaries with
officers and other employees of Parent, FandG; Life, the FandG; Subsidiaries and
their counsel. Parent shall not dispose of such books and records during the
five- year period beginning with the Closing Date or any longer period as
mandated by applicable Laws without Seller\'s consent, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Following the expiration of such five-year
period, Parent may dispose of such books and records at any time upon giving
60 days\' prior written notice to Seller, unless Seller agrees to take
possession of such books and records within such 60-day period at no expense
to Parent. In addition: Seller shall provide, and shall cause its respective
affiliates to provide, to the representatives of Parent reasonable access
during normal business hours to all books and records of Seller and its
subsidiaries reasonably requested by Parent in the preparation of any post-
Closing financial statements, reports, Tax Returns, or Tax filings of or
including FandG; Life or any FandG; Subsidiary.     Section 10.7. Publicity. 
---------  Neither Parent, Seller, nor any of their respective subsidiaries
or affiliates, shall issue any press release or make any written public
announcement relating to the subject matter of this Agreement prior to
the Closing Date without the prior review and written approval of the other
party; provided, however, that any party may make any public disclosure it
believes in good faith, after consultation with legal counsel, is required by
applicable Laws or any listing or trading agreement concerning its publicly-
traded securities (in which case the disclosing party will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the other party before making
the disclosure and to allow the other party to review the text of
the disclosure before it is made).   Section 10.8. Notices.  -------  All
notices, requests, demands, and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing, executed on behalf of the sender, and shall be deemed to have been
duly given on the date delivered by hand or by courier service such as
Federal Express, or by other messenger (or, if delivery is refused, upon
presentment) or upon electronic confirmation of a facsimile transmission, or
upon delivery by registered or certified mail, first-class postage
prepaid (return receipt requested), to the parties at the
following addresses:   If to Seller:  ------------   St. Paul Fire and
Marine Insurance Company  385 Washington Street, MC 517A  St. Paul,
Minnesota 55102  Attention: Thomas Bradley  Chief Financial Officer 
Facsimile: (651) 310-3378     with a separate copy addressed  to its
President, and  with copies to:   John MacColl, General Counsel  The St.
Paul Companies, Inc.  385 Washington Street, MC 515A  St. Paul, Minnesota
55102  Facsimile: (651) 310-8204   and   Donald R. Crawshaw  Sullivan and
Cromwell  125 Broad Street  New York, New York 10004  Facsimile: (212)
558-3588   if to Parent:  ------------   Old Mutual plc  Lansdowne
House  57 Berkeley Square  3rd Floor  London  W1J 6ER  United Kingdom 
Attn: Martin C. Murray  Company Secretary  Facsimile:
011-44-207-569-0209   with a copy to:   Weil, Gotshal and Manges LLP  767
Fifth Avenue  New York, New York 10153  Attn: Ellen J. Odoner  Joseph T.
Verdesca  Facsimile: (212) 310-8007  or to such other address or to such
other person as a party hereto shall have last designated by written notice
to the other party.     Section 10.9. Assignment.  ----------  This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties named
herein and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither
party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or
obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party,
except that Parent or Seller may assign all or any part of its rights
or obligations hereunder to one or more of its wholly owned subsidiaries
without the consent of the other parties hereto; provided, however, that upon
such assignment, neither Parent nor Seller shall be deemed to be
released from any, and shall remain liable for all, of its obligations
hereunder.   Section 10.10. Counterparts.  ------------  This Agreement
may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement.   Section 10.11. Headings. 
--------  The article and section headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the
meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof.   Section 10.12.
Governing Law.  -------------  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  
Section 10.13. Submission to Jurisdiction.  --------------------------  EACH
PARTY CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND IN THE COURTS
HEARING APPEALS THEREFROM FOR ANY LEGAL ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY FURTHER WAIVES ANY
OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE FOR ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN
SUCH COURTS. EACH PARTY AGREES TO ACCEPT AND ACKNOWLEDGE SERVICE OF ANY AND
ALL PROCESS THAT MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. EACH PARTY
AGREES THAT ANY SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON IT IN THE MANNER PROVIDED IN SECTION
10.8 HEREOF TO SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS PROVIDED IN SUCH SECTION 10.8 SHALL
BE DEEMED IN EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SUCH PARTY IN
ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. Each party hereto hereby acknowledges
and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Agreement is
likely to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore each such
party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right such party may
have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation directly or indirectly
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. Each party certifies and acknowledges that (i) no representative,
agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly
or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation,
seek to enforce the foregoing waiver, (ii) each such party understands and
has considered the implications of this waiver, (iii) each such party makes
this waiver voluntarily, and (iv) each such party has been induced to enter
into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and
certifications in this Section 10.13.     Section 10.14. Severability. 
------------  In case any one or more of the provisions contained herein
shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
respect, such provision or provisions shall be ineffective only to
the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without
invalidating the remainder of such provision or provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if
such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or provisions had
never been contained herein, unless such a construction would
be unreasonable.   Section 10.15. Brokers.  -------  Seller shall
indemnify and hold harmless Parent (and its respective officers, directors,
and affiliates) in respect of any and all claims or demands for
commission, compensation, or other fees by any broker, finder, or
other agent (whether or not a present or former employee or agent of either
of Seller or any of its affiliates) claiming to have been engaged by Seller
or any of its affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, and Seller shall bear the cost of the reasonable out-of-
pocket expenses incurred by the Parent in investigating, defending against,
or appealing any such claim or demand. Parent shall indemnify and hold
harmless Seller (and its respective officers, directors, and affiliates) in
respect of any and all claims or demands for commission, compensation or
other fees by any broker, finder, or other agent (whether or not a present or
former employee or agent of either of Parent or any of its affiliates)
claiming to have been engaged by Parent or any of its affiliates in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Parent
shall bear the cost of the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the
Seller in investigating, defending against, or appealing any such claim or
demand.   Section 10.16. No Third Party Beneficiary. 
--------------------------  The terms and provisions of this Agreement
are intended solely for the benefit of, and may be enforced only by, Seller
and Parent, and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and it is
not the intention of the parties to confer third-party beneficiary rights
upon any other Person or to create any obligations of a party to any such
other Person, except that each Seller Indemnitee and each Parent Indemnitee
shall be a third party beneficiary with respect to Section 9.2 and shall be
entitled to the rights and benefits of, and to enforce, the
provisions thereof.   Section 10.17. Invalid Provisions. 
------------------  In the event that any provision of this Agreement is
held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in a final, non-appealable order
or judgment (each such provision, an "Invalid Provision"), then such
provision shall be severed from this Agreement and shall be inoperative, and
the parties promptly shall negotiate in good faith a lawful, valid and
enforceable provision that is as similar to the invalid provision as may be
possible and that preserves the original intentions and economic positions
of the parties as set forth herein to the maximum extent feasible, while the
remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain binding on the parties
hereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, in the
event a change in any applicable Law makes it unlawful for a party to comply
with any of its obligations hereunder, the parties shall negotiate in good
faith a modification to such obligation to the extent necessary to comply
with such Law that is as similar in terms to the original obligation as may
be possible while preserving the original intentions and economic positions
of the parties as set forth herein to the maximum extent feasible.     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed
as of the date first above written.   ST. PAUL FIRE AND MARINE INSURANCE 
COMPANY    By: /s/ D.W. Leatherdale  ----------------------  Name: D.W.
Leatherdale  Title: Chairman and C.E.O.    OLD MUTUAL PLC    By: /s/ J.
Sutcliffe  ------------------  Name: J. Sutcliffe  Title: Global Head of
Life   Accepted and Agreed as of: ______________ __,
2001   PURCHASER   By:___________________  Name:______________ 
Title:_____________   NOTE PURCHASER   By:___________________ 
Name:______________  Title:_____________          LIST OF OMITTED
EXHIBIT, ANNEXES AND SCHEDULES*  Exhibit No. Description -----------
-----------  1. List of Specified Investment Securities (Exhibit A to the 
Stock Purchase Agreement)  2. Form of Indemnification Agreement (Annex A to
the Stock  Purchase Agreement)  3. Form of Trademark License Agreement
(Annex B to the Stock  Purchase Agreement)  4. Seller\'s Disclosure
Schedule to the Stock Purchase Agreement  5. Parent\'s Disclosure Schedule
to the Stock Purchase Agreement   *The exhibit, annexes and schedules to
the Stock Purchase Agreement are being  listed herein (but not filed as
exhibits to this Form 10-Q) pursuant to  paragraph (b)(2) of Item 601 of
Regulation S-K. The St. Paul will furnish  supplementally a copy of any
omitted exhibit, annexes or schedules to the  Commission upon request.   '

