 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    EXHIBIT 2.1  
CONFORMED
COPY   =============================================================      
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   Dated as of April 13, 2001    Among  
JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.,    MCN ACQUISITION CORP.    And  
MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP
INC.      =============================================================      
TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page   ARTICLE I   The Merger  SECTION 1.01. The
Merger...................................1 SECTION 1.02.
Closing......................................2 SECTION 1.03. Effective
Time...............................2 SECTION 1.04. Effects of the
Merger........................2 SECTION 1.05. Certificate of Incorporation
and By-laws.....3 SECTION 1.06.
Directors....................................3 SECTION 1.07.
Officers.....................................3    ARTICLE II   Conversion
of Securities; Exchange of Certificates  SECTION 2.01. Conversion of Capital
Stock..................3 SECTION 2.02. Anti-Dilution
Provisions.....................5 SECTION 2.03. Exchange of
Certificates.....................6 SECTION 2.04.
Adjustment..................................10    ARTICLE III  
Representations and Warranties  SECTION 3.01. Representations and Warranties
of  the Company...............................10 SECTION 3.02.
Representations and Warranties of  Parent and
Sub............................34    ARTICLE IV   Covenants Relating to
Conduct of Business  SECTION 4.01. Conduct of
Business.........................39 SECTION 4.02. Conduct of Business by
Parent...............44 SECTION 4.03. No
Solicitation.............................45    ARTICLE V   Additional
Agreements  SECTION 5.01. Preparation of the Form S-4 and  the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus;  Stockholders Meeting......................49 SECTION
5.02. Letters of the Company\'s Accountants........50      
ii  SECTION 5.03. Letters of Parent\'s Accountants.............50 SECTION
5.04. Access to Information; Confidentiality......51 SECTION 5.05.
Commercially Reasonable Efforts; 
Notification..............................51 SECTION 5.06. Company Stock
Options.......................53 SECTION 5.07. Indemnification, Exculpation
and  Insurance.................................56 SECTION 5.08. Fees and
Expenses...........................57 SECTION 5.09. Information
Supplied........................58 SECTION 5.10. Employee Benefit
Matters....................59 SECTION 5.11. Public
Announcements........................60 SECTION 5.12.
Affiliates..................................60 SECTION 5.13. Stock Exchange
Listings.....................60 SECTION 5.14. Tax
Treatment...............................61 SECTION 5.15. Rights
Agreement............................61 Section 5.16. Transfer
Taxes..............................61 SECTION 5.17. Parent Board of
Directors...................61    ARTICLE VI   Conditions
Precedent  SECTION 6.01. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation  to Effect
the Merger......................62 SECTION 6.02. Conditions to Obligations of
Parent  and Sub...................................62 SECTION 6.03.
Conditions to Obligation of the Company.....64    ARTICLE VII  
Termination, Amendment and Waiver  SECTION 7.01.
Termination.................................65 SECTION 7.02. Effect of
Termination.......................66 SECTION 7.03.
Amendment...................................67 SECTION 7.04. Extension;
Waiver...........................67    ARTICLE VIII   General
Provisions  SECTION 8.01. Nonsurvival of Representations  and
Warranties............................68 SECTION 8.02.
Notices.....................................68 SECTION 8.03.
Definitions.................................69 SECTION 8.04.
Interpretation..............................69 SECTION 8.05.
Counterparts................................70       iii  SECTION
8.06. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party 
Beneficiaries.............................70 SECTION 8.07. Governing
Law...............................70 SECTION 8.08.
Assignment..................................70 SECTION 8.09. Consent to
Jurisdiction.....................71 SECTION 8.10. Waiver of Jury
Trial........................71 SECTION 8.11.
Enforcement.................................72       AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER dated  as of April 13, 2001, among JONES APPAREL  GROUP, INC. , a
Pennsylvania corporation  ("Parent"), MCN ACQUISITION CORP., a  Delaware
corporation and a direct wholly  owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and 
MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC., a Delaware  corporation (the "Company").   
WHEREAS the Board of Directors of each of the Company and Sub has approved
and declared advisable, and the Board of Directors of Parent has approved,
this Agreement and the merger of the Company with and into Sub, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (such
transactions or the alternative transaction referred to in Section 1.01 being
referred to hereinafter as the "Merger"), whereby each issued and outstanding
share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company
(the "Company Common Stock") not directly owned by Parent, Sub or the
Company (other than Appraisal Shares (as defined in Section 2.01(b))), will
be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration (as defined
in Section 2.01(a)(iii));   WHEREAS for United States federal income
tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and   WHEREAS Parent, Sub and the
Company desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set
forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   The
Merger   SECTION 1.01. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("DGCL"), the Company shall be
merged with and into Sub at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.03).
At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of      
2  the Company shall cease and Sub shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") in the Merger and shall succeed to
and assume all the rights and obligations of the Company in accordance with
the DGCL. At the election of Parent, any other direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent may be substituted for Sub as a constituent
corporation in the Merger.   SECTION 1.02. Closing. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the closing of the
Merger (the "Closing") will take place at 11:00 a.m., New York time, on the
second business day after the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by
applicable law) waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI (other than
those that by their terms cannot be satisfied until the time of
the Closing), at the offices of Cravath, Swaine and Moore, 825 Eighth Avenue,
New York, New York 10019, or at such other time, date or place agreed to in
writing by Parent and the Company; provided, however, that if all the
conditions set forth in Article VI shall not have been satisfied or (to
the extent permitted by applicable law) waived on such second business day,
then the Closing will take place on the first business day on which all such
conditions shall have been satisfied or (to the extent permitted by
applicable law) waived. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred
to in this Agreement as the "Closing Date".   SECTION 1.03. Effective Time.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
as soon as practicable after the Closing and on the Closing Date, a
certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (in any such case, the
"Certificate of Merger") shall be duly prepared, executed and acknowledged by
the parties in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL and
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Merger shall
become effective upon the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such subsequent time or
date as Parent and the Company shall specify in the Certificate of Merger.
The time at which the Merger becomes effective is referred to in this
Agreement as the "Effective Time".   SECTION 1.04. Effects of the Merger.
The Merger shall have the effects set forth in Section 259 of the
DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto,
at the Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and
franchises of the Company and Sub shall be vested in the Surviving
Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Sub
shall       3  become the debts, liabilities and duties of the
Surviving Corporation.   SECTION 1.05. Certificate of Incorporation
and By-laws. (a) The Certificate of Incorporation of Sub as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law, except that Article I of
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be
amended in the Merger to read in its entirety as follows: "The name of the
corporation is McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.".   (b) The By-laws of Sub as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the By-laws of
the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided
therein or by applicable law.   SECTION 1.06. Directors. The directors of
Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their resignation or removal or
until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case
may be.   SECTION 1.07. Officers. The officers of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.  
ARTICLE II   Conversion of Securities; Exchange of Certificates   SECTION
2.01. Conversion of Capital Stock. (a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of
capital stock of the Company, Parent or Sub:   (i) Capital Stock of Sub.
Each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Sub shall
remain outstanding as one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock
of the Surviving Corporation.   (ii) Cancelation of Treasury Stock and
Parent- Owned Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock that is directly
owned by the Company (as treasury stock), Parent or       4  Sub
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and
shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange
therefor.   (iii) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Each share of Company
Common Stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled in accordance with Section
2.01(a)(ii) and Appraisal Shares) shall be converted into the right
to receive the following (A) cash in an amount equal to $10.50 (the "Cash
Portion") and (B) a number of a fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock, par value of $0.01 per share (the "Parent Common Stock"), of Parent
equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the "Stock Portion",
and together with the Cash Portion, the "Merger Consideration"). At the
Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of a certificate that immediately prior to the Effective
Time represented any such shares of Company Common Stock shall cease to have
any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger
Consideration, certain dividends or other distributions in accordance with
Section 2.03(c) and any cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent
Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e), in each case upon the
surrender of such certificate in accordance with Section 2.03, without
interest.   "Exchange Ratio" means 0.2820, provided that if the Average
Closing Price (as defined below) is (i) less than $29.78, then "Exchange
Ratio" means the quotient (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th, or if there
shall not be a nearest 1/10,000th, the next higher 1/10,000th) obtained by
dividing $8.40 by the Average Closing Price or (ii) greater than $44.68,
then "Exchange Ratio" means the quotient (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th,
or if there shall not be a nearest 1/10,000th, the next higher 1/10,000th)
obtained by dividing $12.60 by the Average Closing Price.   "Average
Closing Price" means the average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th, or if there
shall not be a nearest 1/100th, the next higher 1/100th) of the closing sale
prices per share of Parent Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange (the
"NYSE") Composite Transactions Tape as reported in The Wall Street Journal
(Northeast Edition) or, if not reported therein, an another authoritative
source selected by Parent, for the five consecutive trading days on the
NYSE ending with the second trading day on the NYSE prior to the Closing
Date (excluding the Closing Date).       5   (b) Appraisal Rights.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares (the
"Appraisal Shares") of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are held by
any holder who is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such
shares pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, the provisions of
Section 262 of the DGCL ("Section 262") shall not be converted into the right
to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(a)(iii), but
instead such holder shall be entitled to payment of the fair value of such
shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 262. At the Effective
Time, all Appraisal Shares shall automatically be canceled and shall cease
to exist or be outstanding, and each holder of Appraisal Shares shall cease
to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the fair
value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
262. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such holder shall fail to perfect
or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under
Section 262 or a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such
holder is not entitled to the relief provided by Section 262, then the right
of such holder to be paid the fair value of such holder\'s Appraisal Shares
under Section 262 shall cease to exist and such Appraisal Shares shall be
deemed to have been converted at the Effective Time into, and shall have
become, the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in
Section 2.01(a)(iii). The Company shall serve prompt notice to Parent of any
demands for appraisal of any shares of Company Common Stock, and Parent shall
have the right to participate in and, subject to applicable law, direct all
negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands. The Company
shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment
with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands, or agree to
do any of the foregoing.   SECTION 2.02. Anti-Dilution Provisions. In
the event Parent changes (or establishes a record date for changing) the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the
Effective Time as a result of a stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange of
shares or similar transaction with respect to the outstanding Parent
Common Stock and the record date therefor shall be prior to the Effective
Time, Parent Common Stock payable as part of the Merger Consideration shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect such stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange
of shares or similar transaction.       6   SECTION 2.03. Exchange of
Certificates. (a) Exchange Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent
shall designate a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company
to act as exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the payment of the Merger
Consideration and shall (i) deposit in trust with the Exchange Agent as of
the Effective Time, for the benefit of the holders of shares of
Company Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with this Article II,
through the Exchange Agent, certificates representing the shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable as the Stock Portion of the Merger Consideration
pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(iii) upon surrender of Certificates (as defined
in Section 2.03(b)) and (ii) deposit, or cause the Surviving Corporation to
deposit, in trust with the Exchange Agent, on a timely basis, as and when
needed after the Effective Time, cash necessary to pay the Cash Portion of
the Merger Consideration, together with certain dividends or
other distributions to be paid in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and any
cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock to be paid in
accordance with Section 2.03(e), upon surrender of Certificates (such shares
of Parent Common Stock and cash being hereinafter referred to as the
"Exchange Fund").   (b) Exchange Procedure. As soon as
reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall
mail to each holder of record of an outstanding certificate or outstanding
certificates ("Certificates") which immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock whose shares
were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration with
respect thereto pursuant to Section 2.01, (i) a form of letter of transmittal
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Certificates held by such person shall pass, only upon
proper delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in
customary form and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably
specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the
Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration with respect thereto.
Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancelation to the Exchange Agent or
to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with
such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed, and such
other documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the
holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange
therefor (A) the amount of cash and a certificate or
certificates representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock
that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Article II,
(B)       7  certain dividends and other distributions in respect
of Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and (C) cash in
lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock in accordance with
Section 2.03(e), and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be
canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock
that is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, the
proper amount of cash and a certificate or certificates representing the
proper number of shares of Parent Common Stock may be issued and paid as
described in the previous sentence in exchange therefor to a person other
than the person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if
such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form
for transfer and the person requesting such issuance shall pay any transfer
or other taxes required by reason of the payment of cash and issuance of
shares of Parent Common Stock to a person other than the registered holder
of such Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of Parent that such tax
has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this
Section 2.03(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after
the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such
surrender the Merger Consideration that the holder thereof has the right to
receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article II, certain dividends or
other distributions in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and any cash in lieu
of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section
2.03(e). No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on any cash payable upon
surrender of any Certificate.   (c) Distributions with Respect to
Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other distributions declared or
made with respect to shares of Parent Common Stock with a record date after
the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Certificate with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock that such
holder has the right to receive upon surrender of such Certificate, and no
cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock shall be paid
in accordance with Section 2.03(e) to the holder of any unsurrendered
Certificate. Subject to the effect of applicable escheat or similar laws,
following surrender of any such Certificate there shall be paid to the record
holder of any certificate representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock
representing the Stock Portion of the Merger Consideration issued in exchange
therefor, without interest, (i) promptly after the time of such surrender,
the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after
the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares of
Parent Common Stock and the amount of any cash in lieu of any fractional
share of Parent Common       8  Stock to which such holder is entitled
in accordance with Section 2.03(e) and (ii) at the appropriate payment date,
the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time but prior to such surrender and with a payment date subsequent
to such surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common
Stock.   (d) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All cash
paid and shares of Parent Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange
of Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article II (including
any cash paid pursuant to Section 2.03(c) or 2.03(e)) shall be deemed
to have been issued and paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining
to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by such
Certificates. At the close of business on the day on which the Effective Time
occurs the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and there
shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of
the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective
Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the
Exchange Agent for transfer or any other reason, they shall be canceled and
exchanged as provided in this Article II.   (e) No Fractional Shares.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Parent shall pay each
holder of shares of Company Common Stock exchanged pursuant to the Merger
who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of
Parent Common Stock (after taking into account all such shares held by such
holder), in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount (less
the amount of any withholding taxes which may be required thereon) equal to
such fractional part of a share of Parent Common Stock multiplied by the
average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th, or if there shall not be a nearest
1/100th, the next higher 1/100th) of the closing prices per share of Parent
Common stock on the NYSE Composite Transactions Tape as reported in The Wall
Street Journal (Northeast Edition) or, if not reported therein, an another
authoritative source selected by Parent, for the five consecutive trading
days on the NYSE immediately preceding the Closing Date.   (f) Termination
of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains undistributed
to the holders of the Certificates for twelve months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any holders of
the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this Article II shall
thereafter look only to Parent for, and, subject to Section 2.03(g), Parent
shall       9  remain liable for, payment of their claim for
Merger Consideration, certain dividends and other distributions
in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional share
of Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e).   (g) No
Liability. None of Parent, Sub, the Company or the Exchange Agent shall be
liable to any person in respect of any shares of Parent Common Stock (or
dividends or other distributions with respect thereto) or cash from
the Exchange Fund in each case delivered to a public official pursuant to
any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If any
Certificates shall not have been surrendered prior to two years after the
Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any
Merger Consideration would otherwise escheat to or became the property of
any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 3.01(d)), any such Merger
Consideration in respect thereof shall, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of
all claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.   (h)
Investment of Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest any cash
included in the Exchange Fund, as directed by Parent, on a daily basis;
provided, however, that such investments shall be in (i) obligations of or
guaranteed by the United States of America and backed by the full faith and
credit of the Unites States of America or (ii) commercial paper obligations
rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody\'s Investors Service, Inc. or Standard and
Poor\'s Corporation, respectively. Any interest or other income resulting
from such investments shall be paid to Parent.   (i) Lost Certificates. If
any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of
an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be
lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the
posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving
Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be
made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent will
issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger
Consideration, certain dividends and other distributions in accordance with
Section 2.03(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common
Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e).   (j) Withholding Rights. Parent,
Sub or the Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from
the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this      
10  Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock such amounts
as Parent, Sub or the Exchange Agent is required to deduct and withhold with
respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any other provision
of domestic or foreign (whether national, federal, state, provincial,
local or otherwise) tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and
paid over to the appropriate taxing authority by Parent, Sub or the Exchange
Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this
Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common
Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by Parent,
Sub or the Exchange Agent.   SECTION 2.04. Adjustment. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if, by reason of the amount of
cash to be paid to holders of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to this
Article II, the opinions of counsel referred to in Sections 6.02(g) and
6.03(c) would not be delivered, then:   (a) the Cash Portion shall be
reduced by the  minimum amount necessary to enable such opinions of  counsel
to be delivered, and all references in this  Agreement to "Cash Portion"
shall mean the Cash Portion  as so decreased; and   (b) the Exchange Ratio
shall be increased by the  quotient of (A) the reduction of the Cash
Portion  pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 2.04 and (B) the  volume
weighted average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th,  or if there shall not be a
nearest 1/100th, the next  higher 1/100th) of the trading prices per share
of  Parent Common Stock on the NYSE Composite Transactions  Tape as reported
in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast  Edition) or, if not reported therein,
an another  authoritative source selected by Parent, for the trading  day on
the NYSE immediately preceding the Closing Date,  and all references in this
Agreement to "Exchange Ratio"  shall mean the Exchange Ratio as so
increased.   ARTICLE III   Representations and Warranties   SECTION
3.01. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth on
the disclosure schedule (with specific reference to the Section or Subsection
of this Agreement to which the information stated in such
disclosure relates, with such disclosure to be applicable to      
11  other Sections or Subsections of this Agreement to the extent a matter
is disclosed in such a way as to make its relevance to the information called
for by such other Section or Subsections readily apparent) delivered by the
Company to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement (the
"Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and warrants
to Parent and Sub as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power. Each
of the Company and its subsidiaries (as defined in Section 8.03) (i) is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has all requisite corporate, company
or partnership power and authority to carry on its business as now being
conducted and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business (in
the case of Miss Erika, Inc. in the State of New Jersey, under the name ME
Acquisition Corp.) and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the
nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or operation of its
properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, other than
(except in the case of clause (i) above with respect to the Company) where
the failure to be so organized, existing, qualified or licensed or in good
standing individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect (as defined in Section 8.03) on the Company.
The Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of its
Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws and the certificate of incorporation
and by-laws (or similar organizational documents) of each of its
subsidiaries, in each case as amended to the date of this Agreement.
The Company has made available to Parent and its representatives true and
complete copies of the minutes (or, in the case of minutes that have not yet
been finalized, drafts thereof) of all meetings of the stockholders, the
Board of Directors and each committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company and each of its subsidiaries held since January 1, 1998.   (b)
Subsidiaries. Section 3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each
subsidiary of the Company. All the outstanding shares of capital stock or
other equity or voting interests of each such subsidiary are owned by
the Company, by another wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or by the
Company and another wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, free and clear of
all pledges, claims, liens, charges, encumbrances and security interests of
any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, "Liens"), except Liens in favor
of the lenders arising under the Second Amended and Restated Financing
Agreement dated as of November 29, 2000 (the "Financing Agreement") among the
Company, certain of its subsidiaries, The CIT Group/Commercial Services Inc.,
as       12  administrative agent, and certain other agents and
lenders party thereto, and are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable. Except for the capital stock of, or other equity or voting
interests in, its subsidiaries, the Company does not own, directly or
indirectly, any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, any
person.   (c) Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of 30,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 1,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Company Preferred
Stock"). As of the close of business on April 9, 2001, (i) 9,878,895
shares of Company Common Stock (excluding treasury shares) were issued and
outstanding, none of which were held by any subsidiary of the Company, (ii)
868,800 shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its
treasury, (iii) 7,183,929 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
for issuance pursuant to the 1994 Stock Option Plan, the Stock Option Plan
for Non-Employee Directors, the 1998 Long Term Incentive Plan, the ME
Acquisition Corp. Bonus Plan for Senior Executives, the Option Bonus Plan for
Senior Executives of JJ Acquisition Corp., the Executive Stock Option Plan
and the Incentive Bonus Plan for Senior Officers (such plans, collectively,
the "Company Stock Plans") (of which 5,796,441 shares were subject to
outstanding Company Stock Options (as defined below)), (iv) 27,642 shares
of Company Common Stock were reserved and available for issuance pursuant to
the 1994 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"), (v) no shares of Company
Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the rights (the
"Rights") distributed to the holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to the
Rights Agreement dated as of January 19, 1996, as amended as of August 2,
2000, between the Company and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as
rights agent (the "Rights Agreement") and (vi) no shares of Company
Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding or were held by the Company in
its treasury. Section 3.01(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
true and complete list, as of the close of business on April 9, 2001, of all
outstanding options to purchase Company Common Stock (collectively, the
"Company Stock Options") and all other rights, if any, to purchase
or receive Company Common Stock granted under the Company Stock Plans, the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to each such Company Stock
Option or other purchase right, the grant dates and exercise prices and
vesting schedule of each such Company Stock Option or other purchase right
and the names of the holder thereof. Other than the Company Stock Options or
pursuant to the ESPP, the ME Acquisition Corp. Bonus Plan for Senior
Executives, the Incentive Bonus Plan for Senior Officers,      
13  the Rights Agreement and the Company\'s Subordinated Promissory Notes
in the aggregate principal amount of $69,000,000 issued to Leonard Schneider,
Susan Schneider, Leslie Schneider and Scott Schneider (the
"Subordinated Notes") upon the occurrence of an event of default thereunder,
there are no outstanding rights of any person to receive Company Common
Stock, whether on a deferred basis or otherwise. There are no outstanding
stock appreciation rights or other rights (other than the Rights, rights that
may have arisen under the ESPP or pursuant to the Subordinated Notes upon
the occurrence of an event of default thereunder) that are in any way linked
to the price of Company Common Stock that were not granted in tandem with a
related Company Stock Option. As of the close of business on April 9, 2001,
there were outstanding Company Stock Options to purchase 5,796,441 shares of
Company Common Stock with exercise prices on a per share basis lower than the
Merger Consideration (determined based on the closing price per share of
Parent Common Stock on the NYSE trading day immediately preceding the date
of this Agreement), and the weighted average exercise price of such Company
Stock Options was equal to $9.429. Except as set forth above, as of the close
of business on April 9, 2001, no shares of capital stock of, or other equity
or voting interests in, the Company, or options, warrants or other rights to
acquire any such stock or securities were issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding. The maximum amount of payroll deductions that could be
accumulated under the ESPP through June 30, 2001 is $48,378.39.   During
the period from April 9, 2001, to the date of this Agreement, (x) there have
been no issuances by the Company of shares of capital stock of, or other
equity or voting interests in, the Company other than issuances of shares of
Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of Company Stock Options or
rights under the ESPP outstanding on such date as required by their terms as
in effect on the date of this Agreement and (y) there have been no issuances
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of options, warrants or other
rights to acquire shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting
interests in, the Company, other than for rights that may have arisen under
the ESPP. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are, and all
shares that may be issued pursuant to the Company Stock Plans and the ESPP
will be, when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive
rights. Except the Subordinated Notes, there are no bonds, debentures,
notes or other indebtedness of the Company or any of it subsidiaries, and no
securities or other instruments or obligations of the Company or any of
its       14  subsidiaries, the value of which is in any way based
upon or derived from any capital or voting stock of the Company or having
the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchange able for, securities
having the right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of the Company
may vote. Except as set forth above, there are no Contracts (as defined in
Section 3.01(d)) of any kind to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound
obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, grant, deliver or
sell, or cause to be issued, granted, delivered or sold, additional shares
of capital stock of, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or
exercisable for, shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting
interests in, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or obligating the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, grant, deliver, sell or enter
into any such shares, securities, equity or voting interests or Contracts.
There are not any outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries to (i) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or (ii) vote or dispose of any shares of the capital
stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, any of its subsidiaries. To
the knowledge of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, there are
no irrevocable proxies and no voting agreements with respect to any shares
of the capital stock or other voting securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.   As of the date of this Agreement, (i) the only outstanding
indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company and its subsidiaries is (A)
$125,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Company\'s 12-1/2% Series A
Senior Notes due 2005 and 12-1/2% Series B Senior Notes due
2005 (collectively, the "Senior Notes") issued pursuant to the 12-1/2%
Senior Notes Indenture dated as of June 18, 1998, as supplemented (the
"Indenture"), between the Company and United States Trust Company of New
York, as trustee, (B) $117,429,000 in aggregate principal amount of loans
under the Financing Agreement and (C) $69,000,000 in aggregate principal
amount of Subordinated Notes and (ii) there are no guarantees by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries of indebtedness of third parties for borrowed
money. The Subordinated Notes are each prepayable in full in accordance with
their terms and without any penalty or premium in connection therewith.  
(d) Authority; Noncontravention. The Company has the requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions       15  contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in
the case of the consummation of the Merger, to obtaining the
Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section 3.01(r)). The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and
no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to
approve this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, subject, in the case of the consummation of the Merger, to
obtaining the Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms subject to (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
transfer and conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, receivership
and similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of the rights and
remedies of creditors generally, (ii) principles of equity (regardless of
whether considered and applied in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii)
an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The Board of Directors of
the Company, at a meeting duly called and held at which all directors of the
Company were present, duly and unanimously adopted resolutions (i) approving
and declaring advisable this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) declaring that it is in the
best interests of the Company\'s stockholders that the Company enter into
this Agreement and consummate the Merger on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, (iii) declaring that this Agreement
is fair to the Company\'s stockholders, (iv) directing that this Agreement
be submitted to a vote at a meeting of the Company\'s stockholders to be
held as promptly as practicable and (v) recommending that the Company\'s
stockholders adopt this Agreement, which resolutions have not been
subsequently rescinded, modified or withdrawn in any way except as permitted
by Section 4.03(b). The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
compliance by the Company with the provisions hereof do not and will
not conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, or default (with
or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
of, or result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation
or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any
Lien in or upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries under, or give rise to any increased, additional, accelerated or
guaranteed rights or entitlements under, any provision of (i) the Certificate
of Incorporation or By-laws of the       16  Company or the
certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or similar organizational documents)
of any of its subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, bond,
debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, guarantee, lease or other
contract, commitment, agreement, instrument, obligation,
binding arrangement, binding understanding, binding undertaking, permit,
franchise or license, whether oral or written (each, including all amendments
thereto, a "Contract"), to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or any of their respective properties or assets is subject or (iii)
subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in the
following sentence, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation or
(B) judgment, order or decree, in each case, applicable to the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, other than, in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts,
violations, breaches, defaults, rights, results, losses, Liens
or entitlements that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. No consent,
approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing
with, any domestic or foreign (whether national, federal, state, provincial,
local or otherwise) government or any court, administrative agency or
commission or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency, domestic,
foreign or supranational (each, a "Governmental Entity"), is required by or
with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or
compliance with the provisions hereof, except for (1) the filing of a
premerger notification and report form by the Company under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") or any
other applicable competition, merger control, antitrust or similar law or
regulation, (2) the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC") of a proxy statement relating to the approval by the
Company\'s stockholders of this Agreement (as amended or supplemented from
time to time, the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus") and such reports under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as may be
required in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, (3) the filing of the Certificate
of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and
appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is qualified to do business, (4) any
filings required under the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market
Inc. ("Nasdaq") and (5) such other consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations,       17  registrations, declarations and
filings the failure of which to be obtained or made individually or in the
aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the Company.   (e) SEC Documents. The Company has filed with
the SEC, and has heretofore made available to Parent true and complete
copies of, all forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents
required to be filed with the SEC by the Company since January 1, 1998
(together with all information incorporated therein by reference, the
"Company SEC Documents"). No subsidiary of the Company is required to
file any form, report, schedule, statement or other document with the SEC.
As of their respective dates, the Company SEC Documents complied as to form
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be,
and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to
such Company SEC Documents, and none of the Company SEC Documents at the time
they were filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements (including the
related notes) included in the Company SEC Documents comply as to form in
all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form
10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and
its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their respective
consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year-
end audit adjust ments). Except as set forth in the Company SEC
Documents filed and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement
(the "Company Filed SEC Documents") (including the financial statements
included therein) and except as arising hereunder, the Company and its
subsidiaries have no liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), other than liabilities and
obligations that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.       18  
(f) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since November 4, 2000, and, other
than with respect to clause (ii)(A) below, except as set forth in the Company
Filed SEC Documents (i) through the date of this Agreement, the Company and
its subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses only in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice and (ii) there has not been (A)
any state of facts, change, development, effect, condition or occurrence
that individually or in the aggregate constitutes, has had, or could
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company, (B)
prior to the date of this Agreement, any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash, stock
or property) in respect of, any of the Company\'s or any of
its subsidiaries\' capital stock except for dividends by a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company to its parent, (C) prior to the date of this
Agreement, any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of any shares of
capital stock or any other securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire such shares
or other securities, (D) prior to the date of this Agreement, any split,
combination or reclassification of any of the Company\'s or any of its
subsidiaries\' capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, (E) (1) any granting by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
to any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of any
increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits or any such granting
of any type of compensation or benefits to any current or former director,
officer, employee or consultant not previously receiving or entitled to
receive such type of compensation or benefit, except for increases of cash
compensation in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
or as was required under any Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit
Plan (each as defined in Section 3.01(j)) in effect as of November 4, 2000,
(2) any granting by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any current or
former director, officer, employee or consultant of the right to receive any
severance or termination pay, or increases therein, or (3) any entry by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries into, or any amendment or termination of,
any Company Benefit Agreement or any Company Benefit Plan, (F) any payment
of any benefit or the grant or amendment of any award (including in respect
of stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance units, restricted
stock or other stock-based or stock- related awards or the removal
or modification of any restrictions in any Company Benefit Agreement or
Company       19  Benefit Plan or awards made thereunder) except as
required to comply with any applicable law or any Company Benefit Agreement
or Company Benefit Plan existing on such date, (G) any damage, destruction or
loss, whether or not covered by insurance, that individually or in the
aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the Company, (H) any material change in financial or tax accounting
methods, principles or practices by the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
except insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP or applicable
law, (I) any material election with respect to taxes by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or any settlement or compromise of any material tax
liability or refund or (J) any revaluation by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries of any of the material assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.   (g) Litigation. There is no suit, claim,
action, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any of their respective assets before or by any Governmental
Entity that individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on the Company, nor is there any
judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity or
arbitrator outstanding against the Company or any of its subsidiaries that
individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the Company.   (h) Contracts. (i) Except for
Contracts filed as exhibits to the Company Filed SEC Documents, there are
no Contracts that are required to be filed as an exhibit to any Company SEC
Document under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. Except for Contracts filed in unredacted form as exhibits to the
Company Filed SEC Documents and purchase orders entered into in the
ordinary course of business, Section 3.01(h) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list as of the date of
this Agreement, and the Company has made available to Parent true and correct
copies, of:   (A) all Contracts of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries
made in the ordinary course of business  having an aggregate value, or
involving payments by or  to the Company, of more than $200,000;   (B) all
Contracts of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries made outside the
ordinary course of  business;       20   (C) all Contracts to which
the Company or any of  its subsidiaries is a party, or that purport to be 
binding upon the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any  of its affiliates,
that contain a covenant restricting  the ability of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries  (or which, following the consummation of the Merger,  could
restrict the ability of Parent or any of its  subsidiaries, including the
Company and its  subsidiaries) to compete in any business or with any 
person or in any geographic area;   (D) all Contracts of the Company or any
of its  subsidiaries with any affiliate of the Company (other  than any of
its subsidiaries);   (E) all Contracts to which the Company or any of  its
subsidiaries is party granting any license to any  material property, asset
or right;   (F) all confidentiality, standstill or similar  agreements to
which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries is a party;   (G) all joint
venture, partnership or other similar  agreements (including all amendments
thereto); and   (H) except as set forth in Section 3.01(c), all  loan
agreements, credit agreements, notes, debentures,  bonds, mortgages,
indentures and other Contracts  (collectively, "debt obligations") pursuant
to which any  indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries  is
outstanding or may be incurred and all guarantees of  or by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries of any debt  obligations of any other person (other
than the Company  or any of its subsidiaries) (except for such  indebtedness
or guarantees the aggregate principal  amount of which does not exceed
$200,000), including the  respective aggregate principal amounts outstanding
as of  the date of this Agreement.  None of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is in violation or breach of or default (with or without notice
or lapse of time or both) under, or has waived or failed to enforce any
rights or benefits under, any Contract to which it is a party or any of its
properties or assets is subject, and, to the knowledge of the Company or such
subsidiary, no other party to any of its Contracts is in violation or
breach of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both)
under, or has waived or failed to enforce any       21  rights or
benefits under, and there has occurred no event giving to others any right of
termination, amendment or cancelation of, with or without notice or lapse of
time or both, any such Contract except, in each case, for
violations, breaches, defaults, waivers or failures to enforce
material rights or benefits that individually or in the aggregate could not
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.  
(ii) Each of the Contracts between the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on
the one hand, and any affiliate of the Company (other than any of its
subsidiaries), on the other hand, was entered into on an arm\'s length
basis.   (i) Compliance with Laws. Except with respect to Environmental
Laws (as defined in Section 3.01(l)(v)) and taxes (as defined in Section
3.01(n)(v)), which are the subject of Sections 3.01(l) and 3.01(n),
respectively, the Company and its subsidiaries and their relevant personnel
and operations are and, since January 1, 1998, have been, in compliance with
all statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, judgments, orders and
decrees of any Govern mental Entity applicable to their businesses or
operations except for failures to be in compliance that individually or in
the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the Company. None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
received, since January 1, 1998, a notice or other written communication
alleging or relating to a possible material violation of any
material statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order
or decree of any Governmental Entity applicable to its businesses or
operations. The Company and its subsidiaries have in effect all material
permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, authorizations, operating
certificates, franchises, orders and approvals of all Governmental
Entities (collectively, "Permits") necessary or advisable for them to own,
lease or operate their properties and assets and to carry on their businesses
as now conducted, and there has occurred no violation of, default (with or
without notice or lapse of time or both) under, or event giving to others
any right of termination, amendment or cancelation of, with or without
notice or lapse of time or both, any Permit except for violations, defaults
or events that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. There is no
event which has occurred that, to the knowledge of the Company, could
reasonably be expected to result in the revocation, cancelation, non-renewal
or adverse modification of any such Permit.       22   (j) Absence of
Changes in Benefit Plans; Employ ment Agreements. Except as disclosed in the
Company Filed SEC Documents, since November 4, 2000, none of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries has terminated, adopted, amended in any material
respect or agreed to amend in any material respect any bonus, pension, profit
sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership,
stock purchase, stock appreciation, restricted stock, stock option,
phantom stock, performance, retirement, thrift, savings, stock
bonus, cafeteria, paid time off, perquisite, fringe benefit, vacation,
severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical, welfare
benefit or other plan, program, policy, arrangement or understanding (whether
or not legally binding) maintained, contributed to, or required to be
maintained or contributed to by the Company or any other person or entity
that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under
Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (each, a "Commonly Controlled
Entity"), in each case providing benefits to any current or former
directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries (collectively, "Company Benefit Plans") or has made any change
in any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding obligations
with respect to any Company Pension Plan (as defined in Section 3.01(m)) or
any material change in the manner in which contributions to any
Company Pension Plans are made or the basis on which such contributions are
determined. Except as disclosed in the Company Filed SEC Documents, there
exist no (i) employment (except employment at will), consulting,
deferred compensation, severance, termination or indemnification agreements
or arrangements between the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand or (ii)
agreements or arrangements between the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
on the one hand, and any current or former director, officer, employee or
consultant of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand, the
benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which are
materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction involving
the Company of the nature contemplated by this Agreement (all such
agreements and arrangements described in clauses (i) and (ii), collectively,
"Company Benefit Agreements").   (k) Labor Matters. There are no
collective bargaining agreements or other labor union contracts applicable
to any employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. There is no labor
dispute, strike, work stoppage or lockout, or, to the knowledge of the
Company,       23  threat thereof, by or with respect to any employee
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except where such dispute,
strike, work stoppage or lockout individually or in the aggregate could not
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.  
(l) Environmental Matters. (i) Permits and Authorizations. Each of the
Company and its subsidiaries possesses all material Environmental Permits (as
defined below) necessary to conduct its businesses and operations as now
being conducted.   (ii) Compliance. Each of the Company and
its subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws (as
defined below) and all Environmental Permits except for failures to be in
compliance that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. None of the
Company or its subsidiaries has received any written communication from any
Governmental Entity or other person that alleges that the Company or any of
its subsidiaries has violated or is, or may be, liable under
any Environmental Law.   (iii) Environmental Claims. There are no
material Environmental Claims (as defined below) pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened (A) against the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or (B) against any person whose liability for any
Environmental Claim the Company or any of its subsidiaries has retained or
assumed, either contractually or by operation of law, and none of the
Company or its subsidiaries has contractually retained or assumed
any liabilities or obligations that could reasonably be expected to provide
the basis for any material Environmental Claim.   (iv) Releases. There have
been no Releases (as defined below) of any Hazardous Materials (as defined
below) that could reasonably be expected to form the basis of any material
Environmental Claim against the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   (v)
Definitions. (A) "Environmental Claims" means any and all actions, orders,
decrees, suits, demands, directives, claims, liens, investigations,
proceedings or notices of violation by any Governmental Entity or
other person alleging potential responsibility or liability arising out of,
based on or related to (x) the presence, Release or threatened Release of, or
exposure to, any Hazardous Materials at any location or (y)
circumstances       24  forming the basis of any violation or alleged
violation of any Environmental Law.   (B) "Environmental Laws" means all
laws, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, common law, judgments or binding
agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental
Entity relating to pollution or protection of the environment or human
health.   (C) "Environmental Permits" means all permits, licenses,
registrations and other authorizations required under applicable
Environmental Laws.   (D) "Hazardous Materials" means all hazardous, toxic,
explosive or radioactive substances, wastes or other pollutants, including
petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls,
radon gas and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant
to any Environmental Law.   (E) "Release" means any release, spill,
emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit,
disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the environment
or within any building, structure, facility or fixture.   (m) ERISA
Compliance; Excess Parachute Payments. (i) Section 3.01(m) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and correct list of all
Company Benefit Plans, including each "employee pension benefit plan" (as
defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (sometimes referred to herein as a "Company
Pension Plan"), and "employee welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section
3(1) of ERISA), and all Company Benefit Agreements. The Company has made
available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of (A) each Company
Benefit Plan and Company Benefit Agreement (or, in the case of any unwritten
Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement, a description
thereof), (B) the most recent annual reports on Form 5500 filed with the
Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Company Benefit Plan (if any
such report was required), (C) the most recent summary plan description for
each Company Benefit Plan for which such summary plan description is
required, (D) each trust agreement and group annuity contract relating to
any Company Benefit Plan and (E) the most recent Internal Revenue Service
determination letter for each Company Pension Plan intended to be tax-
qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code.       25   (ii) Each
Company Benefit Plan has been administered in all material respects in
accordance with its terms. The Company, its subsidiaries and each Company
Benefit Plan are in compliance in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of ERISA and the Code, and all other domestic or foreign (whether
national, federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise) laws. There is no
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, suit, claim (other
than claims for benefits in the ordinary course of business), action,
investigation or proceeding relating to Company Benefit Plans.   (iii) All
Company Pension Plans intended to be qualified have received favorable
determination letters from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to "TRA"
(as defined in Section 1 of Rev. Proc. 93-39), to the effect that such
Company Pension Plans are qualified and exempt from federal income taxes
under Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, and no such
determination letter has been revoked nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
has any such revocation been threatened, nor has any such Company Pension
Plan been amended since the date of its most recent determination letter or
application therefor in any respect that would adversely affect its
qualification or materially increase its costs or require security under
Section 307 of ERISA. No Company Pension Plan, other than any
Company Pension Plan that is a "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA (a "Company Multiemployer Pension Plan"), had, as
of the respective last annual valuation date for such Company Pension Plan,
any "unfunded benefit liabilities" (as such term is defined in Section
4001(a)(18) of ERISA) based on actuarial assumptions that have been furnished
to Parent, and, as of the date of this Agreement, there has been no material
adverse change in the financial condition of any Company Pension Plan since
its last such annual valuation date.   (iv) No material liability under
Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA has been or is reasonably expected to
be incurred by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to any
ongoing, frozen or terminated "single- employer plan" (within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) currently or formerly maintained by any of
them, or the single-employer plan of any Commonly Controlled Entity. None of
the Company, any of its subsidiaries, any officer of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, any of the Company Benefit Plans which are subject to
ERISA, including the Company Pension Plans, or any trusts created thereunder
or any trustee or administrator thereof has engaged in a "prohibited
transaction" (as such term is defined in       26  Section 406 of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) or any other material breach of fiduciary
responsibility that could subject the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any
officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any material tax or
penalty on prohibited transactions imposed by such Section 4975 or to any
liability under Section 502(i) or 502(l) of ERISA. None of such Company
Benefit Plans and trusts has been terminated, nor has there been any
"reportable event" (as that term is defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) for
which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived, with respect to
any Company Benefit Plan during the last five years, and no notice of a
reportable event will be required to be filed in connection with this
Agreement, the Merger or any other transaction contemplated hereby. Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has incurred a "complete withdrawal"
or a "partial withdrawal" (as such terms are defined in Sections 4203 and
4205, respectively, of ERISA) since the effective date of such Sections 4203
and 4205 with respect to any Company Multiemployer Pension Plan.
All contributions and premiums required to be made under the terms of any
Company Benefit Plan as of the date of this Agreement have been timely made
or have been reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet filed or
incorporated by reference in the Company Filed SEC Documents. Neither
any Company Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of any Commonly
Controlled Entity has an "accumulated funding deficiency" (as such term is
defined in Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether or not
waived.   (v) With respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is an employee
welfare benefit plan, (A) such Company Benefit Plan is not funded through a
"welfare benefit fund" (as such term is defined in Section 419(e) of the
Code), (B) such Company Benefit Plan that is a "group health plan" (as
such term is defined in Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code) complies in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the
Code and (C) such Company Benefit Plan (including any such plan covering
retirees or other former employees) may be amended or terminated on or at
any time after the Effective Time without the imposition individually or in
the aggregate of any material liability on the Company or any of its
subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any
obligations for retiree health or life benefits under any Company Benefit
Plan or Company Benefit Agreement.   (vi) Neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the obtaining of the
Stockholder Approval nor the consummation of the Merger or      
27  any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will (A) entitle
any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to severance pay, (B) except pursuant to
the Company Stock Plans which provide for Company Stock Options, accelerate
the time of payment or vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through a
grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, or increase
the amount payable or trigger any other material obligation pursuant to, any
Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement or (C) result in any
breach or violation of, or a default under, any Company Benefit Plan or
Company Benefit Agreement.   (vii) Other than payments that may be made to
the persons listed in Section 3.01(m)(vii) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, any amount or economic benefit that could be received (whether in
cash or property or the vesting of property) as a result of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company, the obtaining of the Stockholder
Approval or the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction
contemplated by this Agreement (including as a result of termination of
employment on or following the Effective Time) by any current or former
director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of
its affiliates who is a "disqualified individual" (as such term is defined
in proposed Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1) under any Company Benefit
Plan or Company Benefit Agreement or otherwise would not be characterized as
an "excess parachute payment" (as defined in Sec tion 280G(b)(1) of
the Code), and no disqualified individual is entitled to receive any
additional payment from the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any other
person in the event that the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code is
imposed on such disqualified individual. Set forth in Section 3.01(m)(vii)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule is the "base amount" (as defined in
Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) as of the date of this Agreement for each
person listed in Section 3.01(m)(vii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.  
(viii) The Company and its subsidiaries do not have any material liability or
obligations, including under or pursuant to any Company Benefit Plan or
Company Benefit Agreement, arising out of the hiring of persons to
provide services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries and treating such
persons as consultants or independent contractors and not as employees of the
Company or its subsidiaries.       28   (n) Taxes. (i) Except for
matters that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company:   (A) Each of
the Company and its subsidiaries has  timely filed all tax returns (as
defined below in clause  (v)) required to be filed by it. Each of the Company
and  each of its subsidiaries has timely paid or caused to be  timely paid
all taxes due with respect to the taxable  periods covered by such tax
returns and all other taxes  as are due, and the most recent financial
statements  contained in the Company Filed SEC Documents reflect an 
adequate reserve (in addition to any reserve for  deferred taxes established
to reflect timing differences  between book and tax income) for all taxes
payable by  the Company and its subsidiaries for all taxable periods  and
portions thereof through the date of such financial  statements.   (B)
Except in respect of the Internal Revenue  Service audit for the 1998 taxable
year, no tax return  of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is under
audit  or examination by any taxing authority, and no notice of  such an
audit or examination has been received by the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries. There is no  deficiency, refund litigation, proposed adjustment
or  matter in controversy with respect to any taxes due and  owing by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries. Each  deficiency resulting from any
completed audit or  examination relating to taxes by any taxing authority 
has been timely paid. No issues relating to taxes were  raised by the
relevant taxing authority in any completed  audit or examination that could
reasonably be expected  to recur in a later taxable period. The United
States  federal income tax returns of the Company and its  subsidiaries have
either been examined and settled with  the Internal Revenue Service or closed
by virtue of the  expiration of the applicable statute of limitations for 
all years through 1996.   (C) Except in respect of the Internal Revenue 
Service audit for the 1998 taxable year, there is no  currently effective
agreement or other document  extending, or having the effect of extending,
the period  of assessment or collection of any taxes and no power of 
attorney (other than powers of attorney authorizing  employees of the Company
to act on behalf of the  Company) with respect to any taxes has been executed
or  filed with any taxing authority.       29   (D) No Liens for
taxes exist with respect to any  assets or properties of the Company or any
of its  subsidiaries, except for statutory Liens for taxes not  yet due.  
(E) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries  will be required to
include in a taxable period ending  after the Effective Time taxable income
attributable to  income that accrued (for purposes of the financial 
statements of the Company included in the Company Filed  SEC Documents) in a
prior taxable period but was not  recognized for tax purposes in any prior
taxable period  as a result of the installment method of accounting, the 
completed contract method of accounting, the long-term  contract method of
accounting, the cash method of  accounting or Section 481 of the Code or
comparable  provisions of any other, domestic or foreign (whether  national,
federal, state, provincial, local or  otherwise) tax laws, or for any other
reason.   (F) The Company and its subsidiaries have complied  with all
applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules  and regulations relating to the
payment and withholding  of taxes (including withholding of taxes pursuant
to  Sections 1441, 1442, 3121 and 3402 of the Code and  similar provisions
under any other domestic or foreign  (whether national, federal, state,
provincial, local or  otherwise) tax laws) and have, within the time and
the  manner prescribed by law, withheld from and paid over to  the proper
Governmental Entities all amounts required to  be so withheld and paid over
under applicable laws.   (ii) None of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries has constituted either a "distributing corporation" or
a "controlled corporation" (in each case, within the meaning of Section
355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free
treatment under Section 355(e) of the Code (A) in the two years prior to the
date of this Agreement or (B) in a distribution that could otherwise
constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions" (within
the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the
Merger.   (iii) The Company was not, at any time during the period
specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code, a United States real
property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the
Code.       30   (iv) None of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries has taken any action, or failed to take any action, or
has knowledge of any fact, agreement, plan or other circumstance that could
reasonably prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (v) As used in this Agreement, (A)
"taxes" shall include (1) all forms of taxation, whenever created
or imposed, and whether domestic or foreign, and whether imposed by a
national, federal, state, provincial, local or other Governmental Entity,
including all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such
amounts, (2) liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described
in clause (1) as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated,
combined or unitary group and (3) liability for the payment of any amounts as
a result of being party to any tax sharing agreement or as a result of any
express or implied obligation to indemnify any other person with respect to
the payment of any amount described in clause (1) or (2) and (B) "tax
returns" shall mean all domestic or foreign (whether national, federal,
state, provincial, local or otherwise) returns, declarations, statements,
reports, schedules, forms and information returns relating to taxes and any
amended tax return.   (o) Title to Properties. (i) Each of the Company and
its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold
interests in, all of its properties and assets except for such as are no
longer used or useful in the conduct of its businesses or as have been
disposed of in the ordinary course of business and except for defects in
title, easements, restrictive covenants and similar encumbrances that
individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the Company. All such properties and assets, other
than properties and assets in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
has a leasehold interest, are free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens
arising under the Financing Agreement and Liens that individually or in the
aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the Company.   (ii) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries
has complied with the terms of all leases to which it is a party and under
which it is in occupancy, and all such leases are in full force and effect,
except for such noncompliances or failures to be in full force and effect
that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company and
its subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession under      
31  all such leases, except for failures to do so that individually or in
the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the Company.   (p) Intellectual Property. (i) Section 3.01(p)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all material registered trademarks,
tradenames, service marks, registered copyrights and applications therefor,
patents and patent applications, if any, owned by or licensed to the Company
or any of its subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement. Each of
the Company and its subsidiaries owns, or is validly licensed or otherwise
has the right to use, in each case free and clear of any Liens other than
Liens arising under the Financing Agreement, all Intellectual Property (as
defined below in clause (iv)) used or necessary to carry on its business
as now being conducted except for Intellectual Property the failure of which
to own or have the right to use could not reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the Company. The Company has made available to
Parent true, complete and correct copies of all license agreements relating
to Intellectual Property to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party as of the date of this Agreement.   (ii) None of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries has infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise come
into conflict with any Intellectual Property or other
proprietary information of any other person, except for any
such infringement, misappropriation or other conflict that individually or
in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the Company. None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
received any written material charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice
alleging any such infringement, misappropriation or other conflict (including
any claim that the Company or any of its subsidiaries must license or refrain
from using any Intellectual Property or other proprietary information of
any other person), or is party to or the subject of any pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened, material suit, claim, action,
investigation or proceeding before or by any Governmental Entity with respect
to any such infringement, misappropriation or conflict, that has not
been settled or otherwise fully resolved. To the Company\'s knowledge, no
other person has infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise come into
conflict with any Intellectual Property owned by, licensed to or otherwise
used by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except for any such
infringement, misappropriation or other conflict that individually or in the
aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the Company.       32   (iii) Each of the Company and its
subsidiaries has taken all reasonable and necessary steps to protect
its material Intellectual Property and rights thereunder, and to the
knowledge of the Company no such rights to material Intellectual Property
have been lost or are in jeopardy of being lost as a result of any act or
omission by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   (iv) As used in this
Agreement, "Intellectual Property" shall mean trademarks (registered or
unregistered), service marks, brand names, certification marks, trade
dress, assumed names, trade names and other indications of origin, the
goodwill associated with the foregoing and registrations in any jurisdiction
of, and applications in any jurisdiction to register, the foregoing,
including any extension, modification or renewal of any such registration
or application; trade secrets and confidential information and rights in any
jurisdiction to limit the use or disclosure thereof by any person;
registration or applications for registration of copyrights in any
jurisdiction, and any renewals or extensions thereof; any similar
intellectual property or proprietary rights similar to any of the foregoing;
licenses, immunities, covenants not to sue and the like relating to any of
the foregoing; and any claims or causes of action arising out of or related
to any infringement, misuse or misappropriation of any of the foregoing.  
(q) State Takeover Statutes. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and
warranties of Parent and Sub set forth in Section 3.02(l), the approval of
the Merger by the Board of Directors of the Company referred to in
Section 3.01(d) constitutes approval of the Merger for purposes of Section
203 of the DGCL and represents the only action necessary to ensure that the
restrictions on business combinations (as such term is defined therein) set
forth in Section 203 of the DGCL does not and will not apply to
the execution or delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. To the knowledge of
the Company, no other state takeover or similar statute or regulation is
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated hereby.   (r) Voting Requirements. Assuming the accuracy
of the representations and warranties of Parent and Sub set forth in Section
3.02(l), the affirmative vote at the Stockholders Meeting (as defined in
Section 5.01(b)) or any adjournment or postponement thereof of the holders of
a majority of the votes represented by all the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock in favor of adopting this       33  Agreement (the
"Stockholder Approval") is the only vote of the holders of any class or
series of the Company\'s capital stock necessary to approve or adopt this
Agreement or the Merger. Assuming the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of Parent and Sub set forth in Section 3.02(l), the
affirmative vote of the holders of any class or series of the Company\'s
capital stock is not necessary to approve any transaction contemplated by
this Agreement (other than the adoption of this Agreement).   (s) Brokers;
Schedule of Fees and Expenses. No broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other person, other than Merrill Lynch and Co., the fees and
expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any broker\'s,
finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission in
connection with the trans actions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrange ments made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company has delivered
to Parent true and complete copies of all agree ments under which any such
fees or expenses are payable and all indemnification and other agreements
related to the engagement of the persons to whom such fees are payable.
The fees and expenses of any accountant, broker, financial advisor,
consultant, legal counsel or other person retained by the Company in
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or
incurred or to be incurred by the Company in connection with this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby will not exceed the fees and
expenses set forth in Section 3.01(s) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
without the consent of Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed).   (t) Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Company has received
the opinion of Merrill Lynch and Co., in customary form, to the effect that, as
of the date of this Agreement, the consideration to be received in the Merger
by the Company\'s stockholders (other then Parent and its affiliates) is
fair to the Company\'s stockholders from a financial point of view, a copy of
which opinion will be delivered to Parent by the Company promptly after
receipt by the Company.   (u) Rights Agreement. The Board of Directors of
the Company has approved an amendment to the Rights Agreement to the effect
that (i) no "Shares Acquisition Date" or "Distribution Date" (as such terms
are defined in the Rights Agreement) will occur as a result of the approval,
execution or delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) neither Parent nor Sub
will be an "Acquiring Person" (as such term is defined in the
Rights       34  Agreement), (iii) the Rights will expire immediately
prior to the Effective Time and (iv) the Rights Agreement will otherwise be
inapplicable to Parent while this Agreement is in effect.   SECTION 3.02.
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub. Except as set forth on the
disclosure schedule (with specific reference to the Section or Subsection of
this Agreement to which the information stated in such disclosure relates,
with such disclosure to be applicable to other Sections or Subsections of
this Agreement to the extent a matter is disclosed in such a way as to
make its relevance to the information called for by such other Section or
Subsection readily apparent) delivered by Parent to the Company prior to the
execution of this Agreement (the "Parent Disclosure Schedule"), Parent and
Sub represent and warrant to the Company as follows:   (a) Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power. Each of Parent and Sub (i) is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, (ii) has all requisite
corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted
and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or
the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes
such qualification or licensing necessary, other than where the failure to
be so organized, existing, qualified or licensed or in good standing
individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on Parent. Parent has made available to the Company
true and complete copies of its Restated Articles of Incorporation and By-
laws and the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of Sub, in each case as
amended to the date of this Agreement.   (b) Capital Structure. As of the
date of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of Parent consists
of 200,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Parent Preferred Stock"). As
of the close of business on April 9, 2001, (i) 119,845,655 shares of Parent
Common Stock (excluding treasury shares) were issued and outstanding,
(ii) 19,336,845 shares of Parent Common Stock were held by Parent in its
treasury, (iii) 13,882,690 shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for
issuance pursuant to outstanding unexercised employee stock options granted
pursuant to Parent\'s stock option plans or otherwise and (iv) no shares of
Parent Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. As of the date of this
Agreement, there are no       35  bonds, debentures, notes or other
indebtedness of Parent, and no securities or other instruments or obligations
of Parent the value of which is in any way based upon or derived from any
capital or voting stock of Parent, having the right to vote (or convertible
into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any
matters on which stockholders of Parent may vote. Except as set forth
above, as of the date of this Agreement, there are no material Contracts of
any kind to which Parent is a party or by which Parent is bound obligating
Parent to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold,
additional shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests
in, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for,
shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, Parent or
obligating Parent to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security,
option, warrant, call, right or Contract. As of the date of this Agreement,
there are not any outstanding material contractual obligations of Parent to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of, or
other equity or voting interests in, Parent.   (c) Authority;
Noncontravention. Parent and Sub have the requisite corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
trans actions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Parent and Sub and the consummation by Parent and Sub of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Sub and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Sub are necessary to approve
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent
and Sub, as applicable, and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
Parent and Sub, as applicable, enforceable against Parent and Sub, as
applicable, in accordance with its terms subject to (i) applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer and conveyance,
moratorium, reorganization, receivership and similar laws relating to
or affecting the enforcement of the rights and remedies of creditors
generally, (ii) principles of equity (regardless of whether considered and
applied in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) an implied covenant of
good faith and fair dealing. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Parent and Sub and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and the compliance by Parent and Sub with the provisions of this
Agreement do not and will not conflict with, or result in any violation or
breach of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of, or result in,      
36  termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or to loss
of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any
of the properties or assets of Parent under, or give rise to any increased,
additional, accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements under,
any provision of (i) the Restated Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of
Parent or the Certificate of incorporation or By- laws of Sub, (ii) any
Contract to which Parent or Sub is a party or any of their respective
properties or assets is subject or (iii) subject to the governmental filings
and other matters referred to in the following sentence, any (A) statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation or (B) judgment, order or decree, in each
case, applicable to Parent or Sub or their respective properties or assets,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such
conflicts, violations, defaults, rights, results, losses, Liens
or entitlements that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably
be expected to prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No
consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration
or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to
Parent or Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Parent and Sub or the consummation by Parent and Sub of the transactions
contemplated hereby or the compliance with the provisions of this Agreement,
except for (1) the filing of a premerger notification and report form under
the HSR Act or any other applicable competition, merger control,
antitrust or similar law or regulation, (2) the filing with the SEC of the
registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Parent in
connection with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger (the "Form
S-4") and such reports under the Exchange Act as may be required in
connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, (3) the filing of the Certificate
of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and
appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which
the Company is qualified to do business, (4) filings with the NYSE and (5)
such other consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings (i) as may be required under
the "blue sky" laws of various states or (ii) the failure of which to be
obtained or made individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be
expected to prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d)
Parent SEC Documents. Parent has filed with the SEC all forms, reports,
schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed with the SEC
by Parent since       37  January 1, 1998 (together with all
information incorporated therein by reference, the "Parent SEC Documents").
As of their respective dates, the Parent SEC Documents complied as to form
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to such Parent SEC Documents, and none of
the Parent SEC Documents at the time they were filed contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The financial statements (including the related notes) of Parent included in
the Parent SEC Documents comply as to form in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP
(except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of
the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as
may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of Parent and its consolidated
subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their consolidated results of
operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year-end
audit adjustments).   (e) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Since December 31, 2000, there has not been any state of facts, change,
development, effect, condition or occurrence that individually or in the
aggregate constitutes, has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a
material adverse effect on Parent.   (f) Voting Requirements. No vote of
the holders of shares of Parent Common Stock or any other class or series
of capital stock of Parent is necessary to approve or adopt this Agreement,
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (g) Taxes. None
of Parent or any of its subsidiaries has taken any action, or failed to take
any action, or has knowledge of any fact, agreement, plan or other
circumstance that could reasonably prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (h)
Litigation. As of the date of this Agreement, there is no suit, claim,
action, investigation or proceeding pending against or affecting Parent or
any of its       38  subsidiaries or any of their respective assets
before or by any Governmental Entity that individually or in the aggre gate
could reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impede or delay the
consummation of the Merger and the other transaction contemplated by this
Agreement nor is there any judgment, order or decree of any Governmental
Entity or arbitrator outstanding against Parent or any of its subsidiaries
that individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to prevent
or materially impede or delay the consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (i) Brokers. No
broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person, other than
Morgan Stanley and Co. Incorporated, the fees and expenses of which will
be paid by Parent, is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial
advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by
or on behalf of Parent.   (j) Interim Operations of Sub. Sub was
formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated
hereby and has engaged in no business other than in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (k) Parent Common Stock. The
shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
Merger (including pursuant to the Adjusted Options), when issued
in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non- assessable and will not be
subject to any preemptive or other statutory right of stockholders and will
be issued in compliance with applicable United States federal and
state securities laws.   (l) Company Capital Stock. Each of Parent and
Sub is not, nor at any time during the last three years has either been, an
"interested stockholder" of the Company as defined in Section 203 of the
DGCL. Each of Parent and Sub does not own (directly or indirectly,
beneficially or of record) and is not a party to any agreement, arrangement
or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing
of, any shares of capital stock of the Company (other than as contemplated by
this Agreement).   (m) Financing. Parent has all funds, either from its
available cash and cash equivalents or from borrowings currently available to
be made under its existing credit facilities, necessary to consummate the
Merger and the other       39  transactions contemplated hereby on the
terms and subject to the conditions contemplated hereby.    ARTICLE IV  
Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business   SECTION 4.01. Conduct of
Business. (a) Conduct of Business. During the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, except as consented to in writing by Parent
or as specifically required or permitted by this Agreement, the Company
shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, carry on their respective
businesses, and continue all pricing, sales, receivables and
payables practices, in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and
comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in all material
respects and use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve their
assets, brands, licenses and technology and their relationships with
customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having
material business dealings with them. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, except as consented to in writing by Parent, as set forth in
Section 4.01(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as
specifically required or permitted by this Agreement, the Company shall not,
and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to:   (i) (A) declare, set
aside or pay any dividends on,  or make any other distributions (whether in
cash, stock  or property) in respect of, any of its capital stock,  except
for dividends by a direct or indirect wholly  owned subsidiary of the Company
to its parent, (B)  purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of 
capital stock or any other securities of the Company or  its subsidiaries or
any options, warrants, calls or  rights to acquire any such shares or other
securities or  (C) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital  stock or
issue or authorize the issuance of any other  securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in substitution  for shares of its capital stock or any of its
other  securities;   (ii) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise 
encumber any shares of its capital stock, any other  equity or voting
interests or any securities convertible  into, or exchangeable for, or any
options, warrants,  calls or rights to acquire, any such shares, voting 
securities or convertible or exchangeable       40   securities or any
stock appreciation rights or other  rights that are linked in any way to the
price of  Company Common Stock (other than pursuant to the ME  Acquisition
Corp. Bonus Plan for Senior Executives, the  Rights and the issuance of
shares of Company Common  Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock Options
or  rights under the ESPP, in each case in accordance with  their terms as
in effect on the date of this Agreement);   (iii) amend or propose to amend
its certificate of  incorporation or by-laws (or similar organizational 
documents);   (iv) directly or indirectly acquire or agree to  acquire (A)
by merging or consolidating with, or by  purchasing all or a substantial
portion of the assets  of, or by any other manner, any assets constituting
a  business or any corporation, partnership, limited  liability company,
joint venture or association or other  entity or division thereof, or any
direct or indirect  interest in any of the foregoing, or (B) any assets 
other than Inventory or other immaterial assets in each  case in the ordinary
course of business consistent with  past practice;   (v) directly or
indirectly sell, lease, license,  sell and leaseback, mortgage or otherwise
encumber or  subject to any Lien (other than Liens arising under the 
Financing Agreement) or otherwise dispose of any of its  properties or assets
or any interest therein, except  sales of Inventory, factoring of its
accounts receivable  and sales of immaterial assets, in each case in the 
ordinary course of business consistent with past  practice;   (vi) (x)
repurchase, prepay or incur any  indebtedness or guarantee any indebtedness
of another  person or issue or sell any debt securities or options, 
warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt  securities of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries,  guarantee any debt securities of another
person, enter  into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any 
financial statement condition of another person or enter  into any
arrangement having the economic effect of any  of the foregoing, except for
short-term borrowings  incurred and letters of credit opened, in each case
in  the ordinary course of business consistent with past  practice or (y)
make any loans, advances (other than in  respect of travel expenses advanced
to employees in the  ordinary course of business) or       41  
capital contributions to, or investments in, any other  person, other than
the Company or any direct or indirect  wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company;   (vii) incur or commit to incur any capital  expenditures, or any
obligations or liabilities in  connection therewith, in any manner
inconsistent in any  material respect with the Company\'s capital budget
for  2001, a true and complete copy of which (including all  back-up
materials) has been provided to Parent prior to  the date of this
Agreement;   (viii) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any  material claims
(including claims of stockholders),  liabilities or obligations (whether
absolute, accrued,  asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other 
than the payment, discharge or satisfaction in the  ordinary course of
business consistent with past  practice or as required by their terms as in
effect on  the date of this Agreement of claims, liabilities or  obligations
reflected or reserved against in the most  recent audited financial
statements (or the notes  thereto) of the Company included in the Company
Filed  SEC Documents (for amounts not in excess of such  reserves) or
incurred since the date of such financial  statements in the ordinary course
of business consistent  with past practice, or waive, release, grant or
transfer  any right of material value, other than in the ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practice, or  waive any material benefits of,
or agree to modify in  any adverse respect, or, subject to the terms
hereof,  fail to enforce, or consent to any matter with respect  to which
its consent is required under, any  confidentiality, standstill or similar
agreement to  which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party;  
(ix) enter into, modify, amend or terminate (A) any  Contract which if so
entered into, modified, amended or  terminated could be reasonably likely to
(x) have a  material adverse effect on the Company, (y) impair in  any
material respect the ability of the Company to  perform its obligations under
this Agreement or (z)  prevent or materially delay the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (B)  except in the ordinary
course of business consistent  with past practice, any other material
Contract to which  the Company or any subsidiary thereof is a
party;       42   (x) enter into any Contract to the extent 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement or
compliance by the Company with the  provisions of this Agreement could
reasonably be  expected to conflict with, or result in a violation or 
breach of, or default (with or without notice or lapse  of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of, or  result in, termination, cancelation or
acceleration of  any obligation or to a loss of a benefit under, or  result
in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the  properties or assets of
the Company or any of its  subsidiaries under, or give rise to any
increased,  additional, accelerated, or guaranteed right or  entitlements of
any third party under, or result in any  material alteration of, any
provision of such Contract;   (xi) enter into any Contract containing any 
restriction on the ability of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries to
assign its rights, interests or  obligations thereunder, unless such
restriction  expressly excludes any assignment to Parent or any of  its
subsidiaries in connection with or following the  consummation of the Merger
and the other transactions  contemplated by this Agreement;   (xii) (A)
except as otherwise contemplated by this  Agreement or as required to comply
with applicable law  or any Contract, Company Benefit Plan or Company
Benefit  Agreement existing on the date of this Agreement, pay  any material
benefit not provided for as of the date of  this Agreement under any
Contract, Company Benefit  Agreement or Company Benefit Plan or (B) adopt or
enter  into any collective bargaining agreement or other labor  union
contract applicable to the employees of the  Company or any subsidiary
thereof;   (xiii) except as required to comply with applicable  law or any
provision of any Company Benefit Plan,  Company Benefit Agreement or other
Contract as in effect  on the date of this Agreement, (A) take any action
to  fund or in any other way secure the payment of  compensation or benefits
under any Company Benefit Plan,  Company Benefit Agreement or other Contract
or (B) take  any action to accelerate the vesting or payment of any 
compensation or benefit under any Company Benefit Plan  or Company Benefit
Agreement or other Contract;   (xiv) maintain insurance at less than
current  levels or otherwise in a manner inconsistent with past 
practice;       43   (xv) take any action (or omit to take any
action)  if such action (or omission) would or could reasonably  be expected
to result in (A) any representation and  warranty of the Company set forth in
this Agreement that  is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue, (B)
any  such representation and warranty that is not so  qualified becoming
untrue in any material respect or (C)  any condition to the Merger set forth
in Article VI not  being satisfied;   (xvi) commence any suit, action or
proceeding  (other than a suit, claim, action or proceeding in  connection
with the collection of accounts receivable,  to enforce the terms of this
Agreement or as a result of  a suit, action or proceeding commenced against
the  Company or any of its subsidiaries);   (xvii) change its fiscal year,
revalue any of its  material assets or, except as required by generally 
accepted accounting principles, make any changes in  accounting methods,
principles or practices;   (xviii) engage in (A) any trade loading
practices  or any other promotional sales or discount activity with  any
customers or distributors with the effect of  accelerating to pre-Closing
periods sales to the trade  or otherwise that would otherwise be expected
(based on  past practice) to occur in post-Closing periods, (B) any 
practice which would have the effect of accelerating to  pre-Closing periods
collections of receivables that  would otherwise be expected (based on past
practice) to  be made in post-Closing periods, (C) any practice which  would
have the effect of postponing to post-Closing  periods payments by the
Company or any of its  subsidiaries that would otherwise be expected (based
on  past practice) to be made in pre- Closing periods or (D)  any other
promotional sales, discount activity or  inventory overstocking or
understocking, in each case in  this clause (D) in a manner outside the
ordinary course  of business; or   (xix) authorize any of, or commit,
resolve or agree  to take any of, the foregoing actions.   (b) Certain Tax
Matters. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to,
(i) timely file all tax returns ("Post-Signing Returns") required to be
filed by it, (ii) timely pay all taxes due and payable in respect of such
Post-Signing Returns that are so filed, (iii) accrue a reserve in its books
and records       44  and financial statements in accordance with past
practice for all taxes payable by it for which no Post-Signing Return is due
prior to the Effective Time, (iv) promptly notify Parent of any suit, claim,
action, investigation, proceeding or audit (collectively, "Actions") pending
against or with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries in
respect of any tax and not settle or compromise any such Action without
Parent\'s consent, (v) not make any material tax election without Parent\'s
consent, and (vi) cause any and all existing tax sharing agreements, tax
indemnity obligations and similar agreements, arrangements and practices
with respect to taxes to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is otherwise bound
to be terminated as of the Closing Date so that after such date neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have any further rights
or liabilities thereunder.   (c) Advice of Changes; Filings. The Company
shall (i) at the request of Parent, confer with Parent on a regular and
frequent basis to report on operational matters and other matters requested
by Parent and (ii) promptly advise Parent orally and in writing of any change
or event that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the Company. Upon obtaining knowledge thereof, the Company shall give
prompt notice to Parent of any representation or warranty made by it
contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or inaccurate such that the
condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) would not be satisfied; provided,
however, that no such notification shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or
the conditions to the obli gations of the parties under this Agreement. The
Company and Parent shall each promptly provide the other copies of all
filings made by such party with any Governmental Entity in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, other than the
portions of such filings that include confidential information not directly
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d)
Litigation. The Company shall provide to Parent immediate written notice and
copies of all pleadings and correspondence in connection with any suit,
claim, action, investigation or proceeding before or by a
Governmental Entity against the Company and/or its directors relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION 4.02. Conduct of
Business by Parent. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, Parent agrees that, except as consented to      
45  in writing by the Company or as specifically required or permitted by
this Agreement:   (a) Conduct of Business. Parent shall use its  reasonable
best efforts to preserve intact its business  in all material respects and
preserve its relationships  with customers, suppliers, licensors,
licensees,  distributors and others having material business  dealings with
it.   (b) Dividends; Changes in Share Capital. Parent  shall not, and shall
not permit any of its subsidiaries  to (i) declare or pay any dividends on or
make other  distributions in respect of any of its capital stock,  except
dividends by a direct or indirect wholly owned  subsidiary of Parent to its
parent or (ii) acquire any  shares of its capital stock or any securities 
convertible into or exercisable for any shares of its  capital stock through
a self-tender offer.   (c) Liquidation. Parent shall not adopt a plan of 
complete or partial liquidation with respect to Parent  or resolutions
providing for or authorizing such a  liquidation or a dissolution.   (d)
Governing Documents. Except to the extent  required to comply with its
obligations hereunder,  required by law or required by the rules and
regulations  of the NYSE, Parent shall not amend or propose to amend  its
amended and restated articles of incorporation or  by-laws in such a manner
as would cause holders of  Company Common Stock that receive Parent Common
Stock  pursuant to the Merger to be treated differently than  other holders
of Parent Common Stock after the Closing  Date.   (e) No General
Authorization. Parent shall not, nor  shall it permit any of its subsidiaries
to, authorize  any of, or commit, resolve or agree to take any of, the 
actions prohibited by paragraphs (a) through (d) of this  Section 4.02.  
(f) Advice of Changes. Parent shall promptly advise  the Company orally and
in writing of any change or event  known to Parent that could reasonably be
expected to  have a material adverse effect on Parent.   SECTION 4.03. No
Solicitation. (a) The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
subsidiaries to, or authorize or permit any director, officer or employee of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any investment      
46  banker, attorney, accountant or other advisor or representative of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit,
initiate or knowingly encourage, or take any other action knowingly to
facilitate, any Takeover Proposal (as defined below) or any inquiries or the
making of any proposal that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to
lead to a Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter into, continue or otherwise
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to
any person any information with respect to, or otherwise cooperate in any
way with, any Takeover Proposal; provided, however, that at any time prior to
obtaining the Stockholder Approval, the Board of Directors of the Company
may, in response to a bona fide written Takeover Proposal that such Board of
Directors determines in good faith constitutes or is reasonably likely to
lead to a Superior Proposal (as defined below), and which Takeover Proposal
was unsolicited and did not otherwise result from a breach of this Section
4.03, and subject to compliance with Section 4.03(c) and (d), (x) furnish
information with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries to the person
making such Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) pursuant to a
customary confidentiality agreement, provided that all such information is
provided or made available on a prior or substantially concurrent basis to
Parent, and (y) participate in discussions or negotiations with the person
making such Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) regarding such
Takeover Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood that any
violation of the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by any
director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
any investment banker, attorney, accountant or other advisor or
representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall be deemed to
be a breach of this Section 4.02(a) by the Company.   The term "Takeover
Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any person relating to,
or that is reasonably likely to lead to, any direct or indirect acquisition,
in one transaction or a series of transactions, including any merger,
consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer, stock acquisition, asset
acquisition, binding share exchange, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or
similar transaction, of (A) assets or businesses that constitute
or represent 20% or more of the total revenue, operating income, EBITDA or
assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) 20% or
more of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or capital stock of,
or other equity or voting interests in, any of the Company\'s
subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding,       47  individually
or taken together, the assets or businesses referred to in clause (A) above,
in each case other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
(b) Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof
shall (i) (A) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to Parent or Sub) the
recommendation by such Board of Directors or any such committee of
this Agreement or the Merger, (B) determine that this Agreement or the
Merger is no longer advisable, (C) recommend that the stockholders of the
Company reject this Agreement or the Merger, (D) recommend the approval or
adoption of any Takeover Proposal or (E) resolve, agree or propose
publicly to take any such actions, in each case unless the Board
of Directors or a committee thereof determines in good faith, after
consulting with legal counsel, that the failure to take any such action set
forth in this Section 4.03(b)(i) would be reasonably likely to result in a
breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law (each such action set
forth in this Section 4.03(b)(i) being referred to herein as an "Adverse
Recommendation Change"), (ii) adopt or approve any Takeover Proposal, or
withdraw its approval of this Agreement, or resolve or agree to take any such
actions, (iii) without limiting Section 4.03(b)(i), propose publicly to
adopt or approve any Takeover Proposal or propose publicly to withdraw its
approval of this Agreement, or resolve or agree to take any such actions, or
(iv) cause or permit the Company to enter into any letter of intent,
memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition
agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, joint venture
agreement, partnership agreement or other agreement (each, an "Acquisition
Agreement") constituting or related to, or which is intended to or is
reasonably likely to lead to, any Takeover Proposal (other than a
confidentiality agreement referred to in Section 4.03(a)), or resolve or
agree to take any such actions. Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 4.03 to the contrary, at any time prior to obtaining the Stockholder
Approval, the Board of Directors of the Company may, in response to a
Superior Proposal that was unsolicited and that did not otherwise result from
a breach of Section 4.03(a), cause the Company to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01(f) and concurrently enter into a binding
Acquisition Agreement containing the terms of a Superior Proposal; provided,
however, that the Company shall not terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.01(f), and any purported termination pursuant to Section 7.01(f)
shall be void and of no force or effect, unless the Company shall have
complied with all provisions of this Section 4.03, including the notification
provisions in this Section 4.03, and with all applicable
requirements       48  of Sections 5.08(b) (including the payment of
the Termination Fee (as defined in Section 5.08(b)) prior to
or simultaneously with such termination); and provided further, however,
that the Company shall not exercise its right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.01(f) until after the fourth business day following
Parent\'s receipt of written notice (a "Notice of Superior Proposal") from
the Company advising Parent that the Board of Directors of the Company has
received a Superior Proposal and that such Board of Directors will, subject
to any action taken by Parent pursuant to this sentence, cause the Company to
accept such Superior Proposal, specifying the terms and conditions of
the Superior Proposal and identifying the person making such Superior
Proposal (it being understood and agreed that any amendment to the price or
any other material term of a Superior Proposal shall require a new Notice of
Superior Proposal and a new four business day period).   The term "Superior
Proposal" means any bona fide binding written offer not solicited by or on
behalf of the Company made by a third party that if consummated would result
in such third party (or in the case of a direct merger between such third
party and the Company, the stockholders of such third party) acquiring,
directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting power of the Company
Common Stock or all or substantially all the assets of the Company and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, for consideration consisting of cash
and/or securities that the Board of Directors of the Company determines in
its good faith judgment (after consultation with a financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation) to have a higher value than
the consideration to be received by the Company\'s stockholders
in connection with the Merger, taking into account, among other things, any
changes to the terms of this Agreement offered by Parent in response to such
Superior Proposal or otherwise.   (c) In addition to the obligations of the
Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.03,
the Company promptly shall advise Parent in writing of any request for
information that the Company reasonably believes could lead to or
contemplates a Takeover Proposal or of any Takeover Proposal, or any inquiry
the Company reasonably believes could lead to any Takeover Proposal, the
terms and conditions of such request, Takeover Proposal or
inquiry (including any subsequent material amendment or modification to such
terms and conditions) and the identity of the person making any such request,
Takeover Proposal or inquiry. The Company shall keep Parent informed in all
material respects on a timely basis of the status and details
(including       49  material amendments or proposed amendments) of
any such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry.   (d) Nothing contained in
this Section 4.03 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company
from (i) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position contemplated
by Rule 14e-2(a) and Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii)
making any disclosure to the Company\'s stockholders if, in the good faith
judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation
with outside counsel, failure so to disclose would be inconsistent with
applicable law; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company or its
Board of Directors or any committee thereof take, agree or resolve to take
any action prohibited by Section 4.03(b)(i) or 4.03(b)(ii).   ARTICLE V  
Additional Agreements   SECTION 5.01. Preparation of the Form S-4 and
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Stockholders Meeting. (a) As promptly as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company and Parent
shall prepare and the Company shall file with the SEC the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and Parent shall prepare and file with the SEC the Form
S-4, in which the Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall be included as
a prospectus. Each of the Company and Parent shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to have the Form S-4 declared effective under the
Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing. Each of the
Company and Parent shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to respond
as promptly as practicable to any comments of the SEC with respect
thereto and to cause the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to the
Company\'s stockholders as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is
declared effective under the Securities Act. Parent shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to take any action required to be taken under
any applicable state securities laws in connection with the issuance of
Parent Common Stock in connection with the Merger and under the Company
Stock Plans. Each of the Company and Parent shall furnish all information
concerning it to the other as may be reasonably requested in connection with
any such action and the preparation, filing and distribution of the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus. Each of the Company and Parent shall promptly
notify the other upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC or its staff
or any request from the SEC or its staff for amendments or supplements to the
Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and shall promptly provide
the       50  other with copies of all correspondence between it and
its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC and its staff, on the
other hand. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing the Form S-4 (or
any amendment or supplement thereto) or filing or mailing the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding
to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto, each of the Company and
Parent, as the case may be, (i) shall provide the other party with a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such document or response,
(ii) shall include in such document or response all comments reasonably
proposed by such other party and (iii) shall not file or mail such document
or respond to the SEC prior to receiving such other party\'s approval, which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (b) The Company
shall, as promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement,
establish a record date (which will be as promptly as reasonably
practicable following the date of this Agreement) for, duly call,
give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the
"Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining the Stockholder
Approval, regardless of whether the Board of Directors of the Company
determines at any time that this Agreement or the Merger is no longer
advisable or recommends that the stockholders of the Company reject this
Agreement or the Merger. The Company shall cause the Stockholders Meeting to
be held as promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement. The
Company shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend to its stockholders
that they adopt this Agreement, and shall include such recommendation in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, in each case subject to its rights under Section
4.03(b)(i). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
agrees that its obligations pursuant to this Section 5.01(b) shall not be
affected by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure
or communication to the Company or any other person of any Takeover
Proposal.   SECTION 5.02. Letters of the Company\'s Accountants. The
Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be
delivered to Parent two "comfort" letters in customary form from Ernst and
Young LLP, the Company\'s independent public accountants, one dated a date
within two business days before the date on which the Form S-4 shall become
effective and one dated a date within two business days before the Closing
Date, each addressed to Parent.   SECTION 5.03. Letters of Parent\'s
Accountants. Parent shall use all commercially reasonable efforts
to       51  cause to be delivered to the Company two "comfort"
letters in customary form from BDO Seidman, LLP, Parent\'s
independent public accountants, one dated a date within two business
days before the date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective and one
dated a date within two business days before the Closing Date, each addressed
to the Company.   SECTION 5.04. Access to Information; Confidentiality. (a)
The Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, afford to
Parent and to Parent\'s officers, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants and other advisors and representatives reasonable and
prompt access during normal business hours during the period prior to the
Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement to all their respective
properties, assets, books, contracts, commitments, directors, officers,
employees, attorneys, accountants, auditors, other advisors
and representatives and records and, during such period, the Company shall,
and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, make available to Parent on a
prompt basis (i) a copy of each report, schedule, form, statement and other
document filed or received by it during such period pursuant to
the requirements of domestic or foreign (whether national, federal, state,
provincial, local or otherwise) laws and (ii) all other information
concerning its business, properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably
request (including the work papers of Ernst and Young LLP). Except as required
by law, Parent will hold, and will direct its officers,
employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other advisors and
representatives to hold any and all information received from the Company,
directly or indirectly, in confidence in accordance with the Confidentiality
Agreement among Parent and the Company dated as of November 9, 2000
(the "Confidentiality Agreement").   (b) Parent shall afford to the Company
and to the Company\'s officers and employees access to its officers, banks
and records during normal business hours during the period prior to the
Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement at a level consistent
with such access provided for due diligence purposes prior to the date of
this Agreement.   SECTION 5.05. Commercially Reasonable
Efforts; Notification. (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use all commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, that are
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this       52  Agreement,
including using all commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the
following: (i) the taking of all reasonable acts necessary to cause the
conditions precedent set forth in Article VI to be satisfied, (ii) the
obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers,
consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from Governmental Entities
and the making of all necessary registrations, declarations and filings and
the taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary to obtain an approval
or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any Governmental
Entity and (iii) the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or
waivers from third parties. In connection with and without limiting the
foregoing, the Company and its Board of Directors shall, if any
state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated hereby, use all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement may
be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation
on this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall any party hereto be
required to agree or proffer to divest or hold separate, or take any other
action with respect to, any of the material assets (whether tangible or
intangible) or businesses of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or the Company and subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to, take any such
action with respect to any such assets or businesses without the express
written consent of Parent. The Company and Parent shall provide such
assistance, information and cooperation to each other as is reasonably
requested in connection with the foregoing and, in connection
therewith, shall notify the other person promptly following the receipt of
any comments from any Governmental Entity and of any request by any
Governmental Entity for amendments, supplements or additional information in
respect of any registration, declaration or filing with such
Governmental Entity and shall supply the other person with copies of
all correspondence between such person or any of its representatives, on the
one hand, and any Governmental Entity, on the other hand.   (b) The
Company, without limiting Section 3.02(m), agrees to provide, and will cause
its subsidiaries and its and their respective officers, employees and
advisors to provide, all cooperation reasonably necessary in connection with
(i) the arrangement of any financing to be       53  consummated
contemporaneous with or at or after the Closing in respect of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) the matters set forth in
Section 5.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. In addition, in
conjunction with the obtaining of any such financing or otherwise, the
Company agrees, at the request of Parent, to call for prepayment
or redemption, or to prepay, repurchase, redeem and/or seek to renegotiate,
as the case may be, any then existing indebtedness for borrowed money of the
Company; provided, however, that (x) no such prepayment, repurchase
or redemption shall be required to be effective prior to the Effective Time
and (y) Parent and its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its
subsidiaries) shall provide to the Company on a timely basis all the
consideration used in connection with such prepayment, repurchase or
redemption.   SECTION 5.06. Company Stock Options. (a) As soon
as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors
of the Company (or, if appropriate, any committee administering the Company
Stock Plans) and the Board of Directors of Parent shall adopt such
resolutions or take such other actions (if any) as may be required to
effect the following:   (i) each Company Stock Option in respect of a
share  of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to  the
Effective Time which has an exercise price per share  of Company Common Stock
that is equal to or less than  the Closing Consideration Value (as defined
below) shall  be amended and converted into (A) an option to acquire,  on
the same terms and conditions as were applicable  under such Company Stock
Option, a number of shares of  Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange
Ratio, at an  exercise price per share of Parent Common Stock (rounded  to
the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient  obtained by dividing (1) the
product of (x) 1.0 minus  the Fraction (as defined below) and (y) the per
share  exercise price for such share of Company Common Stock  subject to
such Company Stock Option, by (2) the  Exchange Ratio (each, as so adjusted,
an "Adjusted  In-the-Money Option"; provided, however, that all  Adjusted
In-the-Money Options that result from the  conversion (on a share-by-share
basis as described  above) of a single Company Stock Option to acquire two 
or more shares of Company Common Stock held by a single  holder shall be
aggregated and treated as a single  Adjusted In-the-Money Option to purchase
the aggregate  number of shares (including any fractional shares) of  Parent
Common Stock subject to all such Adjusted  In-the-Money Options (with such
result rounded       54   to the nearest whole share)), and (B) the
right to  receive from Parent a cash payment net of all applicable 
withholding taxes as soon as practicable following the  Effective Time in an
amount equal to the excess, if any,  of the Cash Portion over the product of
(1) the Fraction  and (2) the per share exercise price for such share of 
Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock  Option; "Closing
Consideration Value" means the sum of  (I) the Cash Portion and (II) the
product of the  Exchange Ratio and the Average Closing Price, and 
"Fraction" means a fraction, the numerator of which is  the Cash Portion and
the denominator of which is the  Closing Consideration Value;   (ii) each
Company Stock Option in respect of a  share of Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately  prior to the Effective Time which has an exercise
price  per share of Company Common Stock that is greater than  the Closing
Consideration Value shall be amended and  converted into an option to
acquire, on the same terms  and conditions as were applicable under such
Company  Stock Option, a number of shares of Parent Common Stock  equal to
the Underwater Option Exchange Ratio (as  defined below), at an exercise
price per share of Parent  Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole cent)
equal  to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the per share  exercise
price for such share of Company Common Stock  subject to such Company Stock
Option, by (B) the  Underwater Option Exchange Ratio (each, as so adjusted, 
an "Adjusted Underwater Option" and, together with the  Adjusted In the-Money
Options, the "Adjusted Options";  provided, however, that all Adjusted
Underwater Options  that result from the conversion (on a share-by-share 
basis as described above) of a single Company Stock  Option to acquire two or
more shares of Company Common  Stock held by a single holder shall be
aggregated and  treated as a single Adjusted Underwater Option to  purchase
the aggregate number of shares (including  fractional shares) of Parent
Common Stock subject to all  such Adjusted Underwater Options (with such
result  rounded to the nearest whole share)); "Underwater Option  Exchange
Ratio" means the quotient obtained by dividing  the Closing Consideration
Value by the Average Closing  Price; and   (iii) make such other changes to
the Company Stock  Plans as Parent and the Company may agree are appro 
priate to give effect to the Merger.   (b) The adjustments provided herein
with respect to any Company Stock Options that are "incentive
stock       55  options" as defined in Section 422 of the Code shall
be and are intended to be effected in a manner which is consistent with
Section 424(a) of the Code.   (c) At the Effective Time, Parent shall assume
the Company Stock Plans, with the result that all obligations of the Company
under the Company Stock Plans, including with respect to Company Stock
Options outstanding at the Effective Time, shall be obligations of Parent
following the Effective Time.   (d) At or prior to the Effective Time,
Parent shall prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement on Form
S-8 (or another appropriate form) registering a number of shares of Parent
Common Stock equal to the number of shares subject to the Adjusted Options.
Such registration statement shall be kept effective (and the current status
of the prospectus or prospectuses required thereby shall be maintained) as
long as any Adjusted Options may remain outstanding.   (e) Except as
otherwise specifically provided by this Section 5.06 and except to the extent
required under the respective terms as in effect on the date of this
Agreement of the Company Stock Options, all restrictions or limitations on
transfer with respect to Company Stock Options awarded under the Company
Stock Plans or any other plan, program or arrangement of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, to the extent that such restrictions or limitations
shall not have already lapsed, and all other terms thereof, shall remain
in full force and effect with respect to such options after giving effect to
the Merger and the assumption by Parent as set forth above. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything to the contrary in the terms of any Company Stock
Option awarded under the Company Stock Plans or any other plan, program
or arrangement of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, each Adjusted
Option, after giving effect to the Merger and the assumption by Parent as set
forth above, shall be fully vested and immediately exercisable.   (f) In
addition to any method of exercise permitted under the applicable Company
Stock Option, a holder of an Adjusted Option may exercise such Adjusted
Option in whole or in part in accordance with its terms by delivering a
properly executed notice of exercise to Parent, together with
the consideration therefor and the federal withholding tax information, if
any, required in accordance with the related Company Stock Plan.      
56   SECTION 5.07. Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance. (a) Parent
and Sub agree that all rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and
exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions occurring at or prior
to the Effective Time now existing in favor of the current or former
directors, officers, employees and agents of the Company and its subsidiaries
as provided in their respective certificates of incorporation or by-laws (or
similar organizational documents) shall be assumed and performed by the
Surviving Corporation, without further action, at the Effective Time and
shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in
accordance with their terms. Parent and Sub agree that any existing
indemnification agreements between the Company and any current or
former director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries shall be assumed and performed by the Surviving Corporation,
without any further action, at the Effective Time and shall survive the
Merger and continue in full force and effect in accordance with their
terms.   (b) In the event that Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of
its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all
or substantially all its properties and assets to any person, then, and in
each such case, Parent shall cause proper provision to be made so that the
successor and assign of Parent or the Surviving Corporation assumes the
obligations set forth in this Section 5.07, and in such event all references
to the Surviving Corporation in this Section 5.07 shall be deemed a reference
to such successor and assign.   (c) For six years after the Effective Time,
Parent shall maintain in effect the Company\'s current directors\'
and officers\' liability insurance covering each person currently covered by
the Company\'s directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy for acts
or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time on terms with respect to
such coverage and amounts no less favorable in any material respect to
such directors and officers than those of such policy as in effect on the
date of this Agreement; provided that Parent may substitute therefor policies
of a reputable insurance company the material terms of which, including
coverage and amount, are no less favorable in any material respect to
such directors and officers than the insurance coverage otherwise required
under this Section 5.07(c); provided, however, that in no event shall Parent
be required to pay aggregate premiums for insurance       57  under
this Section 5.07(c) in excess of 225% of the amount of the aggregate
premiums paid by the Company for fiscal year 2001 for such purpose (which
fiscal year 2001 premiums are hereby represented and warranted by the Company
to be $151,750); provided that Parent shall nevertheless be obligated to
provide such coverage as may be obtained for such 225% amount.   (d) The
provisions of this Section 5.07 shall survive consummation of the Merger and
are intended to be for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each
indemnified party, his or her heirs and his or her representatives. Parent
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to comply with its obligations set
forth in this Section 5.07.   SECTION 5.08. Fees and Expenses. (a) All fees
and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring
such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated, except that
expenses incurred in connection with filing, printing and mailing the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4 shall be shared equally by Parent and
the Company.   (b) In the event that (i) (A) a Takeover Proposal has been
made to the Company or its stockholders or any person has announced an
intention (whether or not conditional and whether or not withdrawn) to make a
Takeover Proposal, (B) thereafter this Agreement is terminated by either
Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(b)(i) (but only if the
Stockholders Meeting has not been held by the date that is five business days
prior to the date of such termination) or 7.01(b)(iii) and (C) within 12
months after such termination, the Company or any of its subsidiaries
enters into any Acquisition Agreement with respect to, or consummates, any
Takeover Proposal (solely for purposes of this Section 5.08(b)(i)(C), the
term "Takeover Proposal" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition
of Takeover Proposal contained in Section 4.03(a) except that all references
in such definition to 20% shall be deemed references to 35%), (ii) this
Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(f) or (iii)
this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 7.01(c), then
the Company shall pay Parent a fee equal to $10,000,000 (the "Termination
Fee") by wire transfer of same day funds to an account designated by Parent
(x) in the case of a termination by the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(f),
prior to or simultaneously with such termination, (y) in the case of
a termination by Parent pursuant to Section 7.01(c), within two business
days after       58  such termination and (z) in the case of a payment
as a result of any event referred to in Section 5.08(b)(i)(C), upon
the first to occur of such events. The Company acknowledges that the
agreements contained in this Section 5.08(b) are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these
agreements, Parent would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the
Company fails promptly to pay the amounts due pursuant to this Section
5.08(b), and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a suit that
results in a judgment against the Company for the amounts set forth in this
Section 5.08(b), the Company shall pay to Parent interest on the amounts
set forth in this Section 5.06 at a rate per annum equal to three-month
LIBOR (as reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast edition) or, if not
reported therein, in another authoritative source selected by Parent) on the
date such payment was required to be made (or if no quotation for three-
month LIBOR is available for such date, on the next preceding date for which
such a quotation is available) plus 1.5%.   SECTION 5.09. Information
Supplied. (a) The Company agrees that none of the information included or
incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will (except to
the extent revised or superseded by amendments or supplements contemplated
hereby), at the date the Proxy Statement/Prospectus is filed with the SEC or
mailed to the Company\'s stockholders or at the time of the
Stockholders Meeting, or at the time of any amendment or supplement thereof,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading, except that no covenant is made by the Company with respect
to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information
supplied by Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference therein. The Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in
all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder.   (b) Parent and Sub agree that
none of the information included or incorporated by reference in the
Form S-4 will (except to the extent revised or superseded by amendments or
supplements contemplated hereby), at the time the Form S-4 is filed with the
SEC, at any time it is amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the       59  statements
therein not misleading, except that no covenant is made by Parent or Sub with
respect to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on
information supplied by the Company specifically for inclusion
or incorporation by reference therein. The Form S-4 will comply as to form
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   SECTION 5.10. Employee
Benefit Matters. (a) As of the Closing Date, the Surviving Corporation shall
assume and perform in accordance with its terms, including any
reserved right to amend or terminate, each Company Benefit Plan (including
any indemnification agreements existing on the date hereof); provided,
however, that for a period (the "Initial Period") commencing on the Closing
Date and ending 12 months after the Closing Date, Parent shall, or
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, maintain for the benefit of the
employees of the Company and its subsidiaries immediately prior to the
Effective Time (the "Affected Employees") the Company Benefit Plans as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than such changes as
are required by applicable law and other than the Company Stock Plans or
other equity or equity based plans and programs) or provide the Affected
Employees with employee benefits (other than equity or equity-based plans
and programs) that are no less favorable, in the aggregate, than the
employee benefits provided to the Affected Employees by the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than the Company Stock Plans
or other equity or equity-based plans and programs). For a period of at least
24 months following the Initial Period, Parent shall, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, provide the Affected Employees with employee
benefits (other than equity or equity-based plans and programs) that are
substantially similar in the aggregate to the benefits provided to similarly
situated employees of Parent (other than equity or equity-based plans and
programs).   (b) Parent will, or will cause the Surviving Corporation to:
(i) waive all limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and
waiting periods with respect to participation and coverage requirements
applicable to the Affected Employees under any welfare plan that the
Affected Employees may be eligible to participate in after the Effective
Time to the extent waived or satisfied under the applicable corresponding
Company Benefit Plan immediately prior to the Effective Time; (ii) provide
each Affected Employee with credit for purposes of satisfying any applicable
deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any welfare plans that such
Affected Employee is eligible to       60  participate in after the
Effective Time for any co-payments and deductibles paid under a corresponding
Company Benefit Plan for the year in which the Effective Time occurs;
and (iii) provide each Affected Employee with credit for all purposes for
all service with the Company and its affiliates under each employee benefit
plan, program, or arrangement of the Parent or its affiliates in which such
Affected Employee is eligible to participate to the extent such service
was credited for similar purposes under similar Company Benefit Plans;
provided, however, that in no event shall the Affected Employees be entitled
to any credit (A) under any defined benefit pension plan of Parent or its
subsidiaries (other than the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries) or
(B) to the extent that it would result in a duplication of benefits with
respect to the same period of service.   (c) The Company shall cause the
ESPP (and any then outstanding offering period thereunder) to terminate at
the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the ESPP as in effect on
the date of this Agreement and shall promptly refund to each participant the
entire amount credited to the Stock Purchase Account (as defined in the ESPP)
as of the Effective Time.   SECTION 5.11. Public Announcements.
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, Parent and Sub, on the one
hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall, to the extent reasonably
practicable, consult with each other before issuing, and give each other a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other
public statements with respect to this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby. The parties agree that the initial press
release to be issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in the form heretofore agreed to by the parties.  
SECTION 5.12. Affiliates. Prior to the date of the Stockholders Meeting, the
Company shall deliver to Parent a letter identifying all persons who are, at
the time this Agreement is submitted for adoption by the stockholders of the
Company, "affiliates" of the Company for purposes of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act. The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
cause each such person to deliver to Parent on or prior to the Closing Date a
written agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit
A hereto.   SECTION 5.13. Stock Exchange Listings. To the extent Parent
does not issue treasury shares in connection with the Merger or under the
Company Stock Plans which are already listed, Parent shall use all
commercially reasonable       61  efforts to cause the shares of
Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection with the Merger and which are
issuable pursuant to Adjusted Options to be approved for listing on the
NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Closing Date.  
SECTION 5.14. Tax Treatment. The parties intend the Merger to qualify as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code. Neither Parent nor the
Company shall take any action which would prevent, or would be reasonably
likely to prevent, the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and each of Parent and the Company
shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Merger to so
qualify and to obtain the opinions of counsel referred to in Sections 6.02(g)
and 6.03(c) and to cause similar opinions to be provided at the date of the
filing of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   SECTION 5.15. Rights Agreement.
The Board of Directors of the Company shall take all further action
(in addition to that referred to in Section 3.01(u)) necessary or desirable
(including redeeming the Rights immediately prior to the Effective Time or
amending the Rights Agreement if reasonably requested by Parent) in order to
render the Rights inapplicable to the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If any "Distribution Date"
or "Shares Acquisition Date" occurs under the Rights Agreement at any time
during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the
Company and Parent shall make such adjustment to the Merger Consideration as
the Company and Parent shall mutually agree so as to preserve the
economic benefits that the Company and Parent each reasonably expected on
the date of this Agreement to receive as a result of the consummation of the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. Except as provided in
this Section 5.15, the Company shall not (i) amend, modify or waive
any provision of the Rights Agreement or (ii) take any action to redeem the
Rights or render the Rights inapplicable to any transaction.   Section
5.16. Transfer Taxes. All stock transfer, real estate transfer, documentary,
stamp, recording and other similar taxes (including interest, penalties and
additions to any such taxes) incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Company out of its
own funds.   SECTION 5.17. Parent Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors of Parent shall take such action as may       62  be
necessary to appoint Peter Boneparth to the Board of Directors of Parent as
of the Effective Time.    ARTICLE VI   Conditions Precedent   SECTION
6.01. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction,
or to the waiver by such party, on or prior to the Closing Date of
the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approval. The Stockholder
Approval shall have been obtained.   (b) NYSE Listing. The shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable to the Company\'s stockholders in connection with
the Merger and pursuant to the Adjusted Options shall have been approved for
listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.   (c)
Antitrust. Any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the
Merger under the HSR Act or any other applicable competition, merger
control, antitrust or similar law or regulation shall have been terminated
or shall have expired.   (d) No Injunctions or Legal Restraints.
No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
order or decree issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal
restraint or prohibition (collectively, "Legal Restraints") that has
the effect of preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in
effect.   (e) Form S-4. The Form S-4 shall have become effective under the
Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings
seeking a stop order.   SECTION 6.02. Conditions to Obligations of
Parent and Sub. The obligation of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are
further subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date
of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein that are
qualified as to materiality or material adverse effect shall be true and
correct, and the       63  representations and warranties of the
Company contained herein that are not so qualified shall be true and correct
in all material respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and
as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made as of the Closing
Date, except that the accuracy of representations and warranties that by
their terms speak as of a specified date will be determined as of such
date. Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the
Company by the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the
Company to such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company.
The Company shall have performed in all material respects all obligations
required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf
of the Company by the chief executive officer or the chief financial
officer of the Company to such effect.   (c) Letters from Company
Affiliates. Parent shall have received from each person named in the letter
referred to in Section 5.12 an executed copy of an agreement substantially
in the form of Exhibit A hereto.   (d) No Litigation. (i) There shall not be
pending any suit, action or proceeding brought by any Governmental Entity
seeking (A) to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger, (B) to
prohibit or limit in any material respect the ownership or operation by the
Company, Parent or any of their respective affiliates of a material portion
of the business or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to require any
such person to dispose of or hold separate any material portion of the
business or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as a result of the Merger,
(C) to prohibit Parent or any of its affiliates from effectively controlling
in any material respect a material portion of the business or operations of
the Company or its subsidiaries, or (D) to impose material limitations on
the ability of Parent or any of its affiliates to acquire or hold, or
exercise full rights of ownership of, any shares of Company Common Stock,
including the right to vote the Company Common Stock on all matters properly
presented to the stockholders of the Company.   (ii) Subject to Section
6.02(d)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there shall not be pending
any suit, action or proceeding brought by any third party (other than
a Governmental Entity) against the Company or any of       64  its
subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to succeed except for suits,
actions or proceedings that individually or in the aggregate could not
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.  
(e) Legal Restraint. No Legal Restraint that has the effect of granting or
implementing any relief referred to in clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv) of
paragraph (d) of this Section 6.02 shall be in effect.   (f) Consents.
Parent shall have received evidence, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to it, that Parent or the Company shall have obtained all
consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders
of Governmental Entities required in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including consents to
assignments of material contracts and material Intellectual Property) except
for those the failure of which to be obtained individually or in the
aggregate could not reasonably be expected to (A) restrain or prohibit the
consummation of the Merger or (B) prohibit or limit in any material respect
the ownership or operation or effective control by Parent of a material
portion of the business, operations or assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole as in existence on the date of this Agreement
(other than with respect to assets disposed of in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice after the date of this Agreement).  
(g) Tax Opinion. Parent shall have received from Cravath, Swaine and Moore,
special counsel to Parent, on the date on which the Form S-4 is filed with
the SEC and on the Closing Date, an opinion, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Parent, in each case dated as of such date and to
the effect that (i) the Merger will be treated for United States federal
income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code and (ii) Parent, Sub and the Company will each be a party to
that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code. In
rendering such opinions, such counsel shall be entitled to rely upon
customary representations reasonably requested by such counsel and made by
Parent, Sub and the Company.   SECTION 6.03. Conditions to Obligation of
the Company. The obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is further
subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:       65   (a) Representations and Warranties.
The repre sentations and warranties of Parent and Sub contained herein that
are qualified as to materiality or material adverse effect shall be true and
correct, and the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material
respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date with the same effect as though made as of the Closing Date,
except that the accuracy of representations and warranties that by their
terms speak as of a specified date will be determined as of such date. The
Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by
the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of Parent to such
effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Sub. Parent and Sub
shall have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and
the Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by
the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of Parent to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. The Company shall have received from Torys,
counsel to the Company, on the date on which the Form S-4 is filed with the
SEC and on the Closing Date, an opinion, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, in each case dated as of such date and to the
effect that (i) the Merger will be treated for United States federal income
tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code and (ii) Parent, Sub and the Company will each be a party to that
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code. In rendering
such opinions, such counsel shall be entitled to rely upon customary
representations reasonably requested by such counsel and made by Parent, Sub
and the Company.   ARTICLE VII   Termination, Amendment and Waiver  
SECTION 7.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the Merger
contemplated hereby may be abandoned, at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after the Stockholder Approval has been obtained and
whether before or after adoption of this Agreement by the stockholder of
Sub:   (a) by mutual written consent of Parent, Sub and  the
Company;       66   (b) by either Parent or the Company:   (i) if
the Merger shall not have been  consummated by November 30, 2001;   (ii) if
any Legal Restraint set forth in  Section 6.01(d) shall be in effect and
shall have  become final and nonappealable; or   (iii) if the Stockholder
Approval shall not  have been obtained at the Stockholders Meeting duly 
convened therefor;   (c) by Parent in the event (i) an Adverse 
Recommendation Change has occurred in accordance with  Section 4.03(b)(i) or
(ii) the Board of Directors of the  Company or any committee thereof shall
have failed to  confirm its recommendation and declaration of  advisability
of this Agreement and the Merger within 15  business days after a written
request by Parent that it  do so if such request is made following the making
of a  Takeover Proposal;   (d) by Parent (i) if the Company shall have 
breached any of its representations, warranties or  covenants contained in
this Agreement, which breach  would give rise to the failure of a condition
set forth  in Section 6.02(a) or 6.02(b), and has not been or is  incapable
of being cured by the Company within ten  business days after its receipt of
written notice  thereof from Parent; or (ii) if any Legal Restraint  having
the effect of granting or implementing any relief  referred to in clauses
(ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section  6.02(d) shall be in effect and shall have
become final  and nonappealable;   (e) by the Company if Parent shall have
breached  any of its representations, warranties or covenants  contained in
this Agreement, which breach would give  rise to the failure of a condition
set forth in Section  6.03(a) or 6.03(b), and has not been or is incapable
of  being cured by Parent within ten business days after its  receipt of
written notice thereof from the Company; or   (f) by the Company in
accordance with, and subject  to the terms and conditions of, Section
4.03(b).   SECTION 7.02. Effect of Termination. In the event of termination
of this Agreement by either the Company or Parent as provided in Section
7.01, this Agreement shall       67  forthwith become void and have no
effect, without any liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Sub or
the Company, other than the provisions of Section 3.01(s), Section 3.02(i),
the last sentence of Section 5.04(a), Section 5.08, this Section 7.02 and
Article VIII; provided, however, that no such termination shall relieve any
party hereto from any liability or damages resulting from a material and
intentional breach by a party of any of its representations, warranties or
covenants set forth in this Agreement.   SECTION 7.03. Amendment. This
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time, whether before
or after the Stockholder Approval has been obtained and whether before or
after adoption of this Agreement by the stockholder of Sub; provided,
however, that after such approval or adoption has been obtained, there shall
be made no amendment that by law requires further approval or adoption
by stockholders without such further approval or adoption. This Agreement
may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of
each of the parties hereto.   SECTION 7.04. Extension; Waiver. At any time
prior to the Effective Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein
or in any document delivered pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with
any of the agreements or conditions contained herein; provided, however, that
after the Stockholder Approval has been obtained or after adoption of this
Agreement by the stockholder of Sub, there shall be made no waiver that by
law requires further approval or adoption by stockholders without such
further approval or adoption. Any agreement on the part of a party to any
such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure or delay by any party
to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or
otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights nor shall any single
or partial exercise by any party to this Agreement of any of its rights under
this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise of such rights or
any other rights under this Agreement.       68   ARTICLE VIII  
General Provisions   SECTION 8.01. Nonsurvival of Representations
and Warranties. None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement
or in any certificate or instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
including any rights arising out of any breach of such representations or
warranties, shall survive the Effective Time. This Section 8.01 shall not
limit this Article VIII or any covenant or agreement of the parties which by
its terms applies, or is to be performed in whole or in part, after the
Effective Time.   SECTION 8.02. Notices. All notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier (providing
proof of delivery) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such
other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   if to
Parent or Sub, to:   Jones Apparel Group, Inc.  1411 Broadway  New York,
NY 10018  Attention: Ira M. Dansky, Esq.   and   Jones Apparel Group,
Inc.  250 Rittenhouse Circle  Keystone Park  Bristol, PA 19007  Attention:
Wesley R. Card   with copies to:   Cravath, Swaine and Moore  Worldwide
Plaza  825 Eighth Avenue  New York, NY 10019  Attention: Allen Finkelson,
Esq.  Scott A. Barshay, Esq.   if to the Company, to:   McNaughton
Apparel Group Inc.  463 Seventh Avenue  New York, NY 10018  Attention:
Peter Boneparth       69   with a copy to:   Torys  237 Park
Avenue  New York, NY 10012  Attention: Bradley P. Cost, Esq.    SECTION
8.03. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:   (a) an "affiliate" of
any person means another  person that directly or indirectly, through one or
more  intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under  common
control with, such first person;   (b) "material adverse effect" means, when
used in  connection with the Company or Parent, as the case may  be, any
state of facts, change, development, effect,  condition or occurrence that
could reasonably be  expected to be material and adverse to the business, 
assets, properties, condition (financial or otherwise)  or results of
operations of such party and its  subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to
prevent or  materially impede or delay the consummation of the  Merger or
the other transactions contemplated by this  Agreement, other than, in any
case, any state of facts,  change, development, event, effect, condition or 
occurrence (i) resulting from changes in the United  States economy or the
United States securities markets  in general or (ii) resulting from changes
in the  industries in which the Company or Parent, as the case  may be,
operates and not specifically relating to the  Company or Parent, as the case
may be;   (c) "person" means an individual, corporation,  partnership,
joint venture, association, trust, limited  liability company, Governmental
Entity, unincorporated  organization or other entity; and   (d) a
"subsidiary" of any person means another  person, an amount of the voting
securities or other  voting ownership or voting partnership interests of 
which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its  Board of Directors
or other governing body (or, if there  are no such voting interests, more
than 50% of the  equity interests of which) is owned directly or  indirectly
by such first person.   SECTION 8.04. Interpretation. When a reference
is made in this Agreement to a Section, Subsection, Exhibits      
70  or Schedule, such reference shall be to a Section or Subsection of, or
an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include",
"includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to
be followed by the words "without limitation". The words "hereof", "herein"
and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in this Agreement
shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision
of this Agreement. The words "date hereof" shall refer to the date of this
Agreement. The term "or" is not exclusive. The word "extent" in the phrase
"to the extent" shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing
extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply "if". The definitions
contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the
plural forms of such terms. Any agreement or instrument defined or referred
to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein
means such agreement or instrument as from time to time amended, modified or
supplemented. References to a person are also to its permitted successors and
assigns.   SECTION 8.05. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
one or more counterparts (including telecopy), all of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other parties.   SECTION 8.06. Entire Agreement; No Third-
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement (a)
constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement and
(b) except for the provisions of Sections 5.06, 5.07 and 5.17 of this
Agreement, are not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties
hereto and thereto (and their respective successors and assigns) any rights
or remedies.   SECTION 8.07. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable
principles of conflicts of laws thereof.   SECTION 8.08. Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder       71  shall be assigned, in whole or in part (except by
operation of law), by any of the parties hereto without the prior written
consent of the other parties hereto, except that Sub may assign, in its sole
discretion, any of or all its rights, interests and obligations under this
Agreement to Parent or to any direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, but
no such assignment shall relieve Sub of any of its obligations hereunder.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon,
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns.   SECTION 8.09. Consent to Jurisdiction.
Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of (a) any Delaware State court and (b) any
Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the State of
Delaware, for the purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising
out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby (and each agrees
that no such action, suit or proceeding relating to this Agreement shall be
brought by it or any of its affiliates except in such courts). Each of the
parties hereto further agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S.
registered mail to such person\'s respective address set forth above shall
be effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding in
Delaware with respect to any matters to which it has submitted to
jurisdiction as set forth above in the immediately preceding sentence. Each
of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives (and agrees not
to plead or claim) any objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit
or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby in (a) any Delaware State court or (b) any Federal court of the United
State of America sitting in the State of Delaware, or that any such action,
suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.   SECTION 8.10. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party hereto
hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right
it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or other
proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with
this Agreement. Each party hereto (a) certifies that no representative,
agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise,
that such party would not, in the event of any action, suit or proceeding,
seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the
other parties hereto have been induced to enter into       72  this
Agreement, by, among other things, the mutual waiver and certifications in
this Section 8.10.   SECTION 8.11. Enforcement. The parties agree
that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms
or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall
be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of
this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this
Agreement in any Delaware State court or any Federal court of the United
States of America sitting in the State of Delaware, this being in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.      
73   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, all as of the date first written above.   JONES APPAREL GROUP,
INC.,   by /s/ Wesley R. Card  ----------------------------  Name: Wesley
R. Card  Title: Chief Financial Officer    MCN ACQUISITION CORP.,   by
/s/ Wesley R. Card  ----------------------------  Name: Wesley R. Card 
Title: President    MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.,   by /s/ Peter
Boneparth  ----------------------------  Name: Peter Boneparth  Title:
Chief Executive Officer       EXHIBIT A  TO THE MERGER
AGREEMENT      Form of Affiliate Letter  Dear Sirs:   The
undersigned, a holder of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share
("Company Common Stock"), of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), acknowledges that the undersigned may be
deemed an "affiliate" of the Company within the meaning of Rule 145 ("Rule
145") promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"),
although nothing contained herein should be construed as an admission of such
fact. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
April 13, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), among Jones Apparel Group, Inc., a
Pennsylvania corporation ("Parent"), MCN Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and
the Company, the Company will be merged with and into Sub (the "Merger"),
and in connection with the Merger, the undersigned is entitled to receive
Parent Common Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement).   If in fact the
undersigned were an affiliate under the Securities Act, the undersigned\'s
ability to sell, assign or transfer the Parent Common Stock received by
the undersigned in exchange for any shares of Company Common Stock in
connection with the Merger may be restricted unless such transaction is
registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is
available. The undersigned understands that such exemptions are limited
and the undersigned has obtained or will obtain advice of counsel as to the
nature and conditions of such exemptions, including information with respect
to the applicability to the sale of such securities of Rules 144 and 145(d)
promulgated under the Securities Act. The undersigned understands that Parent
will not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any registration
statement under the Securities Act for the purposes of resale of Parent
Common Stock by the undersigned.   The undersigned hereby represents to and
covenants with Parent that the undersigned will not sell, assign or transfer
any of the Parent Common Stock received by the undersigned in exchange for
shares of Company Common Stock in connection with the Merger except (i)
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act, (ii) in conformity with the volume and other limitations of Rule 145 or
(iii) in a transaction which, in the opinion of the general counsel of Parent
or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent or as described in a "no-
action" or       2  interpretive letter from the Staff of the SEC
specifically issued with respect to a transaction to be engaged in by
the undersigned, is not required to be registered under the Securities
Act.   In the event of a sale or other disposition by the undersigned of
Parent Common Stock pursuant to Rule 145, the undersigned will supply Parent
with evidence of compliance with such Rule, in the form of a letter in the
form of Annex I hereto (or other reasonably satisfactory
documentation evidencing compliance with Rule 145) and the opinion
of counsel or no-action letter referred to above. The undersigned
understands that Parent may instruct its transfer agent to withhold the
transfer of any Parent Common Stock disposed of by the undersigned, but that
(provided such transfer is not prohibited by any other provision of
this letter agreement) upon receipt of such evidence of compliance, Parent
shall cause the transfer agent to effectuate the transfer of the Parent
Common Stock sold as indicated in such letter.   The undersigned
acknowledges and agrees that the legends set forth below will be placed on
certificates representing Parent Common Stock received by the undersigned in
connection with the Merger or held by a transferee thereof, which legends
will be removed by delivery of substitute certificates upon receipt of an
opinion in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent from
counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent to the effect that such legends
are no longer required for purposes of the Securities Act.   There will be
placed on the certificates for Parent Common Stock issued to the undersigned,
or any substitutions therefor, a legend stating in substance:   "The shares
represented by this certificate were  issued pursuant to transaction to which
Rule 145  promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 applies.  The shares
have not been acquired by the holder with a  view to, or for resale in
connection with, any  distribution thereof within the meaning of the 
Securities Act of 1933. The shares may not be sold,  pledged or otherwise
transferred except in accordance  with an exemption from the registration
requirements of  the Securities Act of 1933."   The undersigned
acknowledges that (i) the undersigned has carefully read this letter and
understands the requirements hereof and the limitations imposed upon
the distribution, sale, transfer or other disposition of Parent      
3  Common Stock and (ii) the receipt by Parent of this letter is an
inducement to Parent\'s obligations to consummate the Merger.   Very truly
yours,    Dated:         ANNEX I  TO EXHIBIT A     [Name]
[Date]    On ____________________, the undersigned sold the securities of
Jones Apparel Group, Inc. ("Parent") described below in the space provided
for that purpose (the "Securities"). The Securities were received by
the undersigned in connection with the merger of McNaughton Apparel Group
Inc. with and into MCN Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation.   Based
upon the most recent report or statement filed by Parent with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, the Securities sold by the undersigned were within
the prescribed limitations set forth in paragraph (e) of Rule
144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act").   The undersigned hereby represents that
the Securities were sold in "brokers\' transactions" within the meaning of
Section 4(4) of the Securities Act or in transactions directly with a "market
maker" as that term is defined in Section 3(a)(38) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. The undersigned further represents that
the undersigned has not solicited or arranged for the solicitation of orders
to buy the Securities, and that the undersigned has not made any payment in
connection with the offer or sale of the Securities to any person other than
to the broker who executed the order in respect of such sale.   Very truly
yours,       [Space to be provided for description of the
Securities.]    '

