 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    1  EXHIBIT
2.1      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    DATED AS OF JULY 10,
2001    among    OPPENHEIMER ACQUISITION CORP.,    JOSHUA ACQUISITION
CORP.    and    TREMONT ADVISERS, INC.  2  TABLE OF CONTENTS    
PAGE    ~~   Article I
DEFINITIONS............................................................2  1.1
Definitions...............................................................2  
Article II THE
MERGER............................................................11  2.1 The
Merger...............................................................12  2.2
Closing..................................................................12 
2.3 Effective
Time...........................................................12  2.4
Effects of the Merger....................................................12 
2.5 Certificate of
Incorporation.............................................12  2.6 By-
Laws..................................................................12  2.7
Officers and Directors of Surviving Corporation..........................12 
2.8 Effect on Capital Stock; Merger
Consideration............................13  2.9 Stock
Options............................................................14  2.10
Further
Assurances.......................................................15  
Article III EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES..............................................15  3.1 Exchange
Fund............................................................15  3.2
Exchange Procedures......................................................16 
3.3 No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common
Stock......................16  3.4 Termination of Exchange
Fund.............................................16  3.5 No
Liability.............................................................16  3.6
Investment of the Exchange Fund..........................................17 
3.7 Lost
Certificates........................................................17  3.8
Withholding Rights.......................................................16 
3.9 Stock Transfer
Books.....................................................16   Article IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES........................................17  4.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company............................17 
4.2 Representations and Warranties of the Parent and the Merger
Sub..........39   Article V COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF
BUSINESS.............................42  5.1 Covenants of the
Company.................................................42  5.2 Advisory
Agreement Consents..............................................46  5.3
Acquisition Proposals....................................................47 
5.4 Obtaining Required Company
Vote..........................................49  5.5 Access to
Information....................................................49  5.6
Covenants of the Parent..................................................50 
5.7 Offers of
Employment.....................................................50  5.8
Employee Benefits........................................................51 
5.9 Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification and
Insurance...................51  5.10 Retention Plan and Bonus
Pool............................................53  5.11 Mutual Covenants of
the Company and the Parent...........................53  5.12 Revenue Run
Rate.........................................................56  5.13
Tangible Net
Worth.......................................................56     i  3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  (CONTINUED)    PAGE    ~~   5.14 Employment
Agreements....................................................57   Article
VI CONDITIONS PRECEDENT..................................................57 
6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the
Merger...............57  6.2 Additional Conditions to Obligations of
Company..........................57  6.3 Additional Conditions to Obligations
of the Parent and the Merger Sub....58   Article VII
TERMINATION...........................................................59  7.1
Termination..............................................................59 
7.2 Effect of
Termination....................................................61  7.3
Payment by the
Company...................................................61   Article VIII
GENERAL PROVISIONS....................................................62  8.1
Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements...............62 
8.2
Amendment................................................................62 
8.3 Extension;
Waiver........................................................62  8.4
Notices..................................................................62 
8.5
Interpretation...........................................................64 
8.6
Counterparts.............................................................64 
8.7 Entire Agreement; Third Party
Beneficiaries..............................64  8.8 GOVERNING
LAW............................................................64  8.9
VENUE....................................................................64 
8.10 WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL.....................................................65  8.11
Severability.............................................................65 
8.12
Assignment...............................................................65 
8.13
Enforcement..............................................................65 
8.14 Other
Agreements.........................................................66    
ii  4  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated
as of July 10, 2001 (this "Agreement"), among OPPENHEIMER ACQUISITION CORP.,
a Delaware corporation (the "Parent"), JOSHUA ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent (the "Merger Sub"),
and TREMONT ADVISERS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").   W I T
N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of the Parent,
the Merger Sub and the Company have each determined that this Agreement and
the merger of the Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger") in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement are advisable and in the
best interests of their respective stockholders, and such Boards of Directors
have approved such Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, pursuant to which each share of Company Common Stock
(as defined in Section 4.1(c)(i)(B)) issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.3) (other than shares of
Company Common Stock that are owned or held directly or indirectly by the
Parent or the Company which shall be canceled as provided in Section 2.8(c),
and Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.8(e)) will be converted into
the right to receive the Merger Consideration (as defined in Section 2.8(a)),
and the Company will become a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent; and  
WHEREAS, as an inducement to the Parent and the Merger Sub to enter into this
Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, the Parent and the Merger Sub are
entering into one or more stockholder agreements with certain stockholders of
the Company listed on Schedule I hereto (collectively, the
"Company Stockholders") pursuant to which, among other things, each Company
Stockholder has agreed to vote the Company Common Stock then owned by such
Company Stockholder in favor of the Merger; and   WHEREAS, certain
employees of the Company have entered into Employment Agreements with the
Parent and the Company concurrently with the execution of this Agreement
which are attached hereto as Schedule 6.3(e) to the Company Disclosure
Schedule (the "Employment Agreements"); and   WHEREAS, the Parent, the
Merger Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations, warranties
and covenants in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and
also to prescribe various conditions to the transactions contemplated
hereby.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth
herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as
follows:  5  Article I   DEFINITIONS   1.1 Definitions. For all purposes
in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set
forth in this Section 1.1 (such definitions to be equally applicable to both
the singular and plural forms of the terms herein defined):   "Acquisition
Proposal" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a).   "Advisers
Act" means the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC.   "Advisory Agreement" means,
with respect to any Person, each contract or agreement relating to its
rendering of investment management or investment advisory services, including
any sub-advisory or similar agreement and including, in the case of the Funds
that are organized in any jurisdiction within the United States, the
organizational documents of such Funds.   "Affiliate", with respect to any
Person, means a Person that directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person.   "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the
Preamble.   "Annuity Policy" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(j)(xxi).   "Applicable Law" means any domestic or foreign
federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance, rule, administrative
interpretation, regulation, order, writ, injunction, directive, judgment,
decree, policy, guideline or other requirement (including those of any
Governmental Authority other than any law, regulation, administrative
interpretation, order, directive or judgment in relation to Taxes, whether
United States or foreign), applicable to any of the parties to this
Agreement, any of each of their respective Subsidiaries, or any of the Funds
or any of the properties or assets of the parties to this Agreement or any of
their Subsidiaries or any of the Funds, as the case may be.   "Base Date"
means May 31, 2001.   "Base Revenue Run-Rate" means $19,608,973, which the
Parent and the Company have determined represents the Revenue Run-Rate as of
the Base Date, and has been calculated using the methodology set forth in
Schedule II hereto.   "Benefit Plans" means each employee or director
benefit plan, program, arrangement and contract (including any "employee
benefit plan", as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, and any bonus, deferred
compensation, stock bonus, stock purchase, restricted stock,    2 
6 stock option, employment, termination, stay agreement or bonus, change
in control and severance plan, program, arrangement and contract) in effect
on the date of this Agreement or disclosed on Schedule 4.1(l)(iii) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, to which the Company or any of its ERISA
Affiliates is a party, which is maintained or contributed to by the Company
or any of its ERISA Affiliates, or with respect to which the Company or any
of its ERISA Affiliates could incur material liability under Section 4069,
4201 or 4212(c) of ERISA which covers employees, directors or former
employees or directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries.   "Board of
Directors" means the Board of Directors of any specified Person and any
committees thereof.   "Bonus Pool" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.10.   "Business Day" means any day on which banks are not required
or authorized to close in the City of New York.   "CEA" means the Commodity
Exchange Act, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder by the CFTC.   "Certificate" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.8(b).   "Certificate of Merger" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.3.   "CFTC" means the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission.   "Class A Common Stock" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4.1(c)(i)(A).   "Class B Common Stock" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 4.1(c)(i)(B).   "Closing" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.2.   "Closing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2.   "Closing Revenue Run-Rate" means the Revenue Run-Rate as of
the most recent calendar month-end prior to the Effective Time in respect of
which a Monthly Run-Rate Schedule has been delivered pursuant to Section
5.12; provided, that if the Parent exercises its right pursuant to Section
2.2 to extend the date of the Closing to October 1, 2001, the Revenue Run-
Rate as of August 31, 2001 shall be utilized. The calculation of the Closing
Revenue Run-Rate shall be made using substantially the same methodology as
used in the calculation of the Base Revenue Run-Rate (as set forth on
Schedule II hereto).   "Closing Tangible Net Worth" means the Tangible Net
Worth shown on the balance sheet of the Company as of the end of the most
recent calendar month-end prior to the Closing Date in respect of which a
Monthly Balance Sheet has been delivered pursuant to Section 5.13, calculated
in a manner consistent with the Target Tangible Net Worth.    3  7 
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any rules and
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Company" shall have the
meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Company Capital Stock" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.1(c)(i)(C).   "Company Common Stock" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(c)(i)(B).   "Company Contract"
means any contract, agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note,
bond, franchise, lease, plan, license or other instrument, arrangement or
other obligation, whether written or oral, including all amendments,
modifications, and supplements thereto and all side letters affecting the
obligations of any party thereunder, relating to the ownership of or use by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the Funds of any of
their respective properties or assets or relating to the conduct of their
respective businesses, binding upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
the Funds, other than Advisory Agreements.   "Company Disclosure Schedule"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.   "Company Financial
Advisor" means Putnam Lovell Securities, Inc.   "Company Preferred Stock"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(c)(i)(C).   "Company Stock
Option Plan" means the Tremont 1998 Stock Plan.   "Company Stock Options"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.   "Company Stockholders"
shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.   "Confidential
Information" shall have the meaning set forth in the Confidentiality
Agreement.   "Confidentiality Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 5.11(e).   "Control" (including the terms "controlling",
"controlled by" and "under common control with") means the possession, direct
or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of any Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract, or otherwise.   "DGCL" shall mean the Delaware
General Corporation Law.   "Dissenting Shares" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.8(e).   "DOJ" means the Department of Justice.    4 
8  "Effective Time" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.  
"Employee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(l).   "Employment
Agreements" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.  
"Encumbrance" means any lien, claim, mortgage, encumbrance, pledge, security
interest, or any other restriction with respect to transferability or
assignability.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business,
whether or not incorporated, that, together with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries which is or has ever been treated as a "single employer" with
any of them within the meaning of section 4001(b) of ERISA or Sections
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.   "Exchange Act" means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder by the SEC.   "Exchange Agent" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.1.   "Exchange Fund" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1.   "Expenses" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.11(d).   "FSA" means the Financial Services Act 1986, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "FITX" means FITX Group Limited,
an exempted Bermuda company, and its Subsidiaries.   "Foreign Plan" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(l).   "Fund" means a vehicle for
collective investment sponsored, formed or controlled by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company.   "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States.   "Governmental Approvals" means all
approvals, permits, qualifications, authorizations, rights, licenses,
franchises, consents, orders, registrations or other approvals of or granted
by any Governmental Authority, whether United States or foreign, which are
necessary or required under Applicable Law in order to permit the Company,
any Subsidiary of the Company or any of the Funds to carry on their
respective businesses or for the performance by    5  9 the Company of
this Agreement and any of the agreements and transactions contemplated
hereby.   "Governmental Authority" means any United States or
foreign government, nation, state, territory, province, county, city or other
unit or subdivision thereof or any entity, authority, agency, department,
board, commission, instrumentality, court or other judicial body authorized
on behalf of any of the foregoing to exercise legislative, judicial,
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government,
including any Self-Regulatory Organization or other authority of any state or
foreign jurisdiction, and any court, tribunal or arbitrator(s) of
competent jurisdiction, and any governmental organization, agency or
authority, in each case whether United States or foreign.   "GBA" means the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.   "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   "Immediate Family" means, with respect to any
individual, (a) such individual\'s spouse, parents, siblings and children,
(b) any spouse, parent, sibling or child of any Person specified in clause
(a) above and (c) any estate, trust, partnership or other entity or legal
relationship of which a majority of the equity interests at all times in
question are, directly or indirectly, held by or for the benefit of one or
more of the Persons described above and/or such individual.   "Indemnified
Parties" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(a).   "Index LLC"
means Credit Suisse First Boston Tremont Index LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company.   "Insurance Policy" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(j)(xx).   "Intellectual Property" means all domestic and
foreign copyrights, patents, proprietary models, processes, formulas and
databases, client lists, service marks, Software, know-how, trade names,
trademarks and trade secrets, and all registrations or applications for
registration of any of the foregoing.   "Investment Company" has the
meaning set forth in the Investment Company Act.   "Investment Company Act"
means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC.   "IRS" means the Internal
Revenue Service.    6  10  "Key Client" shall have the meaning set forth
in the letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Parent, the
Merger Sub and the Company, relating to certain Advisory Agreements.  
"Knowledge" when used with respect to the Company means the actual knowledge
of any executive officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries after due
inquiry, except as provided in the definition of Subsidiary.   "Material
Adverse Effect" means, with respect to any Person, any effect that is
material and adverse to the business, assets, revenues, financial condition,
results of operations, or assets under management of such Person and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to the ability of such Person to complete
the Merger, other than to the extent resulting from declines in U.S. or
global securities markets or economic conditions in general, if the effect
on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole without giving effect
to the Merger or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, is not
either (A) particularized or unique to the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (B) disproportionate relative to the effect on the
competitors of the Company and its Subsidiaries (without taking into account
the Merger or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement); provided that
a reduction in the Revenue Run-Rate between the Base Date and the date as of
which the Closing Revenue Run-Rate is determined in and of itself shall not
constitute a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company.  
"Material Contract" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(o).  
"Merger" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Merger
Consideration" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a).  
"Merger Sub" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Monthly
Run-Rate Schedule" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.12.  
"Monthly Tangible Net Worth Schedule" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.13.   "NASD" means the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. or any one or more of its Subsidiaries, as the context may
require, and any successor to any of them.   "NFA" means the National
Futures Association.   "Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.2.   "Number of Shares and Options Outstanding" means the sum of the
number of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of Company Common
Stock that are 100% owned or held directly or indirectly by the Parent or
directly by the Company and Dissenting Shares) plus the number of shares
of    7  11 Company Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all
Company Stock Options outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time.   "Option Consideration" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.9 (a).   "Parent" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
"Parent Disclosure Schedule" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.2.   "Permitted Encumbrances" means all Encumbrances which are:   (1)
Encumbrances set forth pursuant to Article IV on  the Company Disclosure
Schedule or the Parent Disclosure  Schedule;   (2) statutory liens for
Taxes or assessments that are  not yet due and payable or otherwise being
contested in good  faith;   (3) matters which would be shown on an
accurate  survey and any other defect or exception which would be  disclosed
by a search of title, which in each case does not  materially impair the use,
operation, value or marketability  of the asset to which it relates;   (4)
liens of landlords and liens of carriers,  warehousemen, mechanics and
materialmen and other like liens  arising in the ordinary course of business
for sums not yet  due and payable; or   (5) other liens or imperfections in
title on assets  which individually or in the aggregate do not exceed
$250,000  and do not materially detract from the value of or materially 
impair the existing use of the assets affected by such liens  or
imperfections.   "Person" means an individual, corporation, company,
limited liability company, partnership (limited or general), joint venture,
association, trust, unincorporated organization, other entity or group.  
"Privacy Rules" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(w).   "Pro
Forma Balance Sheet" means the projected pro forma balance sheet of the
Company as of August 31, 2001 attached hereto as Schedule III.   "Proxy
Statement" means the preliminary proxy materials relating to the meeting of
the Company stockholders, and any amendments or supplements thereto.  
"Regulatory Reports" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.1(d).    8  12  "Representative" means any officer, director,
employee, representative, agent or Affiliate, including any investment
banker, financial advisor, attorney or accountant, which is employed or
retained by the Parent or the Company, as the case may be.   "Required
Company Vote" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(n).  
"Retention Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.10.  
"Revenue Run-Rate" means, as of any date, the aggregate annualized investment
advisory, investment management and subadvisory fees for all investment
advisory clients who pay fees based on assets under management (excluding, in
each case, any portion thereof attributable to investment advisory clients
that have notified the Company prior to the effective time of their intention
to terminate the services of the Company or any Subsidiary, and, excluding in
the case of the Closing Revenue Run-Rate, any portion thereof attributable to
investment advisory clients that have not consented prior to the Closing
(either expressly or by implication in accordance with Section 5.2 hereof) to
the assignment or deemed assignment of their respective Advisory Agreements
resulting from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or that have
withdrawn such consents prior to the Closing) by the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company and payable to the Company or such
Subsidiary.   "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC.   "Securities Act
(Ontario)" means the Securities Act, R.S.O. 1990, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Ontario Securities
Commission.   "Securities Laws" means the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act, the Investment Company Act, the Advisers Act, the CEA, the securities or
"blue sky" laws of any state or territory of the United States and the rules
and regulations of the NASD and the comparable laws, rules and regulations in
effect in any other country.   "Self-Regulatory Organization" means the
NASD, the NFA, the SFA, each national securities or commodities or futures
exchange in the United States and each other commission, board, agency or
body, whether United States or foreign, that is charged with the supervision
or regulation of brokers, dealers, securities underwriting or trading, stock
exchanges, commodities or futures exchanges, insurance companies or agents,
investment companies, investment advisers, commodity pool operators or
commodity trading advisors.   "SFA" means the Securities Futures
Authority.   "Software" means all computer programs, software,
databases, firmware and related documentation utilized by the referenced
Person or Persons in their or its business.    9  13  "Stockholders
Agreement" means the Stockholders Agreement dated as of the date hereof among
the Parent, the Merger Sub and the Company Stockholders.   "Subsidiary"
means, with respect to any Person, any controlled Affiliate of such Person,
provided that a Fund shall be deemed not to be a Subsidiary of the Company,
and provided further that solely for purposes of Article IV, the term
Subsidiary with respect to the Company shall also be deemed to include Index
LLC, TII, TMRM and FITX and each of their Subsidiaries; provided, however,
that any representation or warranty made with respect to Index LLC, TII, TMRM
or FITX or any of their Subsidiaries or the Funds controlled by such Persons
in Article IV shall be made, unless otherwise stated, to the actual Knowledge
of the Company (without any requirement of due inquiry).   "Superior
Proposal" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a).   "Surviving
Corporation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "Tangible
Net Worth" means the excess of (i) "stockholders equity" over (ii) the sum of
"goodwill net of amortization" and "investments in joint ventures," as
reflected on the Pro Forma Balance Sheet or the Monthly Tangible Net Worth
Schedule, as the case may be (it being understood that Expenses, whether
paid, accrued or accruable, shall be excluded from both the Pro Forma Balance
Sheet and the Monthly Tangible Net Worth Schedule).   "Target Tangible Net
Worth" means $14,170,290, which is the Tangible Net Worth shown on the Pro
Forma Balance Sheet.   "Taxes" means all federal, provincial, territorial,
state, municipal, local, foreign or other taxes (including, without
limitation, governmental imposts, levies and other assessments) including,
without limitation, all income, franchise, gains, capital, profits, gift,
real property, goods and services, transfer, value added, gross receipts,
windfall profits, severance, ad valorem, personal property, production,
sales, use, license, stamp, documentary stamp, mortgage recording, excise,
employment, payroll, social security, unemployment, disability, estimated or
withholding taxes, customs and import duties, fees, assessments, and charges
of any kind whatsoever imposed by a Governmental Authority which is not a
Self-Regulatory Organization, together with any interest, additions, fines or
penalties with respect thereto or in respect of any failure to comply with
any requirement regarding Tax Returns and any interest in respect of such
additions, fines or penalties and shall include any liability in respect of
Taxes as a transferee or as indemnitor, guarantor, surety or in a similar
capacity under any contract, arrangement, agreement, understanding or
commitment (whether oral or written).   "Taxing Authority" means any
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the assessment,
determination, collection or other imposition of Taxes.   "Tax Return"
means any return, report, information statement, schedule or other document
(including, without limitation, any such document prepared on a consolidated,
combined or unitary basis and also including any supporting schedules or
attachments thereto) filed or required    10  14 to be filed with respect
to Taxes.   "Technology Systems" means the electronic data
processing, information, record-keeping, communications, telecommunications,
portfolio trading and computer systems (including Software) which are used by
the Company, its Subsidiaries and the Funds, as applicable, in their
respective businesses.   "Termination Date" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7.1(b).   "Termination Fee" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.3(a).   "TFI" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.1(i)(xi).   "TII" means Tremont International Insurance, Ltd., a
Cayman Islands exempted limited company, and its Subsidiaries.   "TMRM"
means Tremont MRM Services Limited, an exempted Bermuda company, and its
Subsidiaries.   "TPI" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.1(i)(v).   "TSI" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(i)(viii).   "TTEL" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.1(i)(xiv)   "WARN" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.1(l).    Article II   THE MERGER   2.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with
DGCL, the Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company on the Closing
Date. Following the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Merger
Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation
(the "Surviving Corporation").   2.2 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place at the offices of Weil, Gotshal and Manges LLP, 767
Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10153, unless another place is agreed to in
writing by the Parent and the Company. The Closing will take place at 10:00
a.m., New York City time, as soon as practicable, but in any event not later
than the fifth Business Day, after the satisfaction or waiver (subject to any
Applicable Law) of the conditions (excluding conditions that, by their terms,
cannot be satisfied until the Closing Date) set forth in Article VI (the
"Closing Date") unless another time or date is agreed to in writing by the
Parent and    11  15 the Company; provided, however, that if in
accordance with the foregoing the Closing would occur prior to October 1,
2001, the Parent may extend the date of the Closing until October 1, 2001 by
written notice given to the Company prior to the fifth Business Day referred
to above. The Closing will be deemed to have occurred at the opening of
business on the Closing Date.   2.3 Effective Time. On the Closing Date, the
parties shall (a) file a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger")
in such form as is required by and executed in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the DGCL and (b) make all other filings or recordings required
under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the
Certificate of Merger is duly filed with the Office of the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware or at such subsequent time as the Parent and the
Company shall agree and be specified in the Certificate of Merger (the date
and time the Merger becomes effective being the "Effective Time").   2.4
Effects of the Merger. At and after the Effective Time, the Merger will have
the effects set forth in the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all of the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and the Merger Sub
shall be vested in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and
duties of the Company and the Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities
and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   2.5 Certificate of Incorporation.
At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Merger Sub as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation; provided, however, that Article
FIRST of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall
be amended to read in its entirety as follows: "FIRST: The name of the
corporation is "Tremont Advisers, Inc." and as so amended shall be the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter
amended as provided by the DGCL and such Certificate of Incorporation.  
2.6 By-Laws. At the Effective Time, the by-laws of the Merger Sub as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of the
Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided by
the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and
such by-laws.   2.7 Officers and Directors of Surviving Corporation.
The officers of the Company as of the Effective Time shall be the officers of
the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal
or otherwise ceasing to be an officer or until their respective successors
are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. The directors of the
Merger Sub as of the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving
Corporation until the earlier of their resignation or removal or otherwise
ceasing to be a director or until their respective successors are duly
elected and qualified.   2.8 Effect on Capital Stock; Merger
Consideration.   (a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder thereof, each share of Company
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(other than shares of Company Common Stock that are    12  16 100% owned
or held directly or indirectly by the Parent or the Company, which shall be
canceled as provided in Section 2.8(c), and Dissenting Shares) shall
be converted into the right to receive, subject to the provisions of Article
II, without interest, an amount in cash equal to $19.00 (such amount, as it
may be adjusted in accordance with this Section 2.8(a), the "Merger
Consideration"); provided, however, that (i) if Target Tangible Net Worth
exceeds Closing Tangible Net Worth by an amount greater than $1 million, the
Merger Consideration shall be decreased by an amount equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (A) the amount of such excess above $1 million by (B)
the Number of Shares and Options Outstanding and (ii) if the Closing Tangible
Net Worth exceeds Target Tangible Net Worth by an amount greater than $1
million, the Merger Consideration shall be increased by an amount equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the amount of such excess above $ 1
million by (B) the Number of Shares and Options Outstanding.   (b) As a
result of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders
thereof, at the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock shall
cease to be outstanding and shall be canceled and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of a certificate which immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented any such shares of Company Common Stock (each, a
"Certificate") shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect to such
shares of Company Common Stock, except the right to receive the applicable
Merger Consideration, other than with respect to Company Common Stock to be
canceled in accordance with Section 2.8(c) and Dissenting Shares, in
accordance with Article II upon the surrender of such Certificate.   (c)
Each share of Company Common Stock issued that is 100% owned or held directly
or indirectly by the Parent or the Company at the Effective Time shall, by
virtue of the Merger, cease to be outstanding and shall be canceled and no
payment or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.  
(d) Each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Merger Sub
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be
converted into a number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of the Surviving Corporation equal to (i) the Number of Shares and Options
Outstanding divided by the number of shares of Merger Sub common stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, or (ii) such lesser
number of shares as the Parent shall determine prior to the
Effective Time.   (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time and held by a holder who has not voted in favor
of the Merger and who demands appraisal for such shares in accordance with
Section 262 of the DGCL ("Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into a
right to receive the Merger Consideration unless such holder fails to perfect
within the period prescribed by the DGCL or withdraws or otherwise loses such
holder\'s right to appraisal under the DGCL. If, after the Effective Time,
such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or loses such holder\'s right to
appraisal, such Dissenting Shares shall be treated as if they had been
converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration, without interest or dividends thereon. The Company shall give
the Parent (i) prompt notice of any written demands received by the Company
for appraisal of shares of Company Common Stock, attempted withdrawals of
such demands, and other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received
by the Company and relating thereto    13  17 and (ii) the opportunity to
direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands for
appraisals. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, except with
the prior written consent of the Merger Sub, make any payment with respect
to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands.   2.9 Stock Options.  
(a) Each option held by any Person to acquire shares of Company Capital Stock
("Company Stock Option") that is outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time, whether or not then vested or exercisable, shall, effective
as of the Effective Time, be cancelled in exchange for a single lump sum cash
payment, to be paid by the Surviving Corporation as soon as
practicable following the Closing upon its receipt of a release or other
documentation by such Person reasonably satisfactory to the Parent and the
Surviving Corporation, equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of
Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option and (ii) the excess, if
any, of the Merger Consideration for a share of Company Common Stock at the
Effective Time over the exercise price per share of such Company Stock Option
(the aggregate amount payable under this Section 2.9, the "Option
Consideration").   (b) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall (i)
use its reasonable best efforts to obtain any consents from holders of
Company Stock Options and (ii) amend, in a manner reasonably acceptable to
the Parent, the terms of its equity incentive plans or arrangements or any
other agreements entered into thereunder, in each case as is necessary to
give effect to the provisions of paragraph (a) of this Section 2.9.   (c)
Except as otherwise agreed to by the parties, prior to the Effective Time,
(i) the Company shall cause the Company Stock Option Plan to be terminated as
of the Effective Time and the provisions in any other plan, program or
arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any other interest in
respect of Company Capital Stock or any equity securities in any of
the Subsidiaries to be deleted as of the Effective Time, and (ii) the Company
shall take all action necessary to ensure that the payments or conversions
into the right to receive cash set forth in Section 2.9(a) extinguish all
rights of participants under the Company Stock Option Plan and such plans,
programs and arrangements to receive equity securities of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries and that following the Effective Time no such participant
shall have any right thereunder to acquire equity securities of the Company,
the Surviving Corporation, the Parent or any of their respective
Subsidiaries.   2.10 Further Assurances. At and after the Effective Time,
the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation will be authorized
to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Company or the
Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to take
and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company or the Merger Sub, any other
actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the
Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under
any of the rights, properties or assets acquired or to be acquired by the
Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the
Merger.    14  18  Article III   EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   3.1
Exchange Fund. Prior to the Effective Time, the Parent shall designate a
commercial bank or trust company selected by the Parent and reasonably
acceptable to the Company to act as exchange agent hereunder for the purpose
of exchanging Certificates for the Merger Consideration (the
"Exchange Agent"). At or prior to the Effective Time, the Parent shall
deposit or cause to be deposited with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the
benefit of holders of shares of Company Common Stock, the aggregate amount of
cash to be paid pursuant to Section 2.8 in exchange for outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock (other than shares of Company Common Stock that are 100%
owned or held directly or indirectly by the Parent or the Company which shall
be canceled as provided in Section 2.8(c) and Dissenting Shares). Any cash
deposited with the Exchange Agent shall hereinafter be referred to as the
"Exchange Fund".   3.2 Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably
practicable after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause
the Exchange Agent to mail (or, in the case of any holder that appears at the
applicable office of the Exchange Agent and so requests, to provide) to each
holder of a Certificate (a) a letter of transmittal which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates
shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and
which letter shall be in customary form and have such other provisions as the
Parent may reasonably specify and (b) instructions for effecting the
surrender of such Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon
surrender of a Certificate to the Exchange Agent together with such letter of
transmittal, duly executed and completed in accordance with the instructions
thereto, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the
Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive
in exchange therefor a check (or, in the case of any holder that so requests,
provides wire transfer instructions and offers to pay any reasonable cost of
a wire transfer of immediately available funds) in the aggregate amount equal
to the Merger Consideration multiplied by the number of shares of Company
Common Stock formerly represented by such Certificate less any required
withholding of Taxes as provided in Section 3.8. No interest will be paid or
will accrue on any cash payable pursuant to the preceding sentence. In the
event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock which is not
registered in the transfer records of the Company, a check in the proper
amount of cash for the appropriate Merger Consideration may be paid with
respect to such Company Common Stock to such a transferee if the Certificate
formerly representing such shares of Company Common Stock is presented to the
Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect
such transfer and to evidence that any applicable stock transfer Taxes have
been paid or are not payable. The Exchange Fund shall not be used for any
purpose other than as set forth in this Article III.   3.3 No Further
Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. Cash paid upon conversion of shares
of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of Article II and this
Article III shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all
rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock.    15  19  3.4
Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains
undistributed to the holders of Certificates for six months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to the Surviving Corporation or otherwise
on the instruction of the Surviving Corporation, and any holders of the
Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this Article III
shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation for the Merger
Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly
represented thereby to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section
2.8 and Section 3.2.   3.5 No Liability. None of the Parent, the Merger Sub,
the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable
to any Person in respect of any Merger Consideration from the Exchange Fund
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar Applicable Law.   3.6 Investment of the Exchange Fund.
The Exchange Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund only
in one or more of the following investments as directed by the Surviving
Corporation from time to time: (a) obligations of the United States
government maturing not more than 180 days after the date of purchase; (b)
certificates of deposit maturing not more than 180 days after the date of
purchase issued by a bank organized under the Applicable Laws of the United
States or any state thereof having a combined capital and surplus of at least
$500,000,000; (c) a money market mutual fund, which may be managed by an
Affiliate of the Parent, having assets of at least $1,000,000,000; or (d)
tax-exempt or corporate debt obligations maturing not more than 180 days
after the date of purchase given the highest investment grade rating by
Standard and Poor\'s and Moody\'s Investor Service. Any interest and
other income resulting from such investments shall promptly be paid to the
Surviving Corporation.   3.7 Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed
and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such Person of
a bond in such form and amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate, the Exchange Agent will deliver in exchange for such lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented thereby
and unpaid dividends, if any, on shares of Company Common Stock deliverable
in respect thereof, pursuant to this Agreement.   3.8 Withholding Rights.
The Surviving Corporation and the Parent or the Exchange Agent acting
pursuant to this Section 3.8 shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from
the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder
of shares of Company Common Stock or Company Stock Options, as the case may
be, such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the
making of such payment under the Code, or any provision of state, local or
foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the Surviving
Corporation or the Parent, as the case may be, such withheld amounts shall be
treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder
of the shares of Company Common Stock or Company Stock Options, as the case
may be, in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by the
Surviving Corporation or the Parent, as the case may be.    16  20  3.9
Stock Transfer Books. At the close of business, New York City time, on the
day Effective Time occurs, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be
closed and there shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of
Company Common Stock thereafter on the records of the Company. From and after
the Effective Time, the holders of Certificates shall cease to have any
rights with respect to such shares of Company Common Stock
formerly represented thereby, except as otherwise provided herein or by
Applicable Law. At or after the Effective Time, any Certificates presented to
the Exchange Agent or the Parent for any reason shall be exchanged for the
Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock
formerly represented thereby.   Article IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES   4.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except
as set forth in writing in the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company
to the Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Company
Disclosure Schedule") (each section of which qualifies the correspondingly
numbered representation and warranty or covenant to the extent specified
therein), the Company represents and warrants to the Parent and Merger Sub as
follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power. The Company, each of
its Subsidiaries and each of the Funds has been duly organized or formed as
a corporation, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or
other entity, as the case may be, and is validly existing and, if applicable,
in good standing under the Applicable Laws of its jurisdiction of
organization, has all the corporate or other power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as
now and currently planned to be conducted, and is duly qualified and, if
applicable, in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the
nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or operation of its
properties makes such licensing, qualification or, if applicable, good
standing necessary other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be
so licensed or qualified, if applicable, or in good standing would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. Copies of the charter and by-laws
or comparable organizational documents and any amendments thereto of the
Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each of the Funds were previously
furnished to the Parent and are true, complete and correct copies of such
documents as in effect on the date of this Agreement. Schedule 4.1(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of each
direct and indirect Subsidiary of the Company including each Subsidiary\'s
name, jurisdiction of incorporation and authorized and outstanding ownership
interests, including the record and beneficial owners thereof, and
the jurisdictions in which each of them is licensed or qualified or, if
applicable, in good standing to do business.   (b) Authority of the
Company; Execution and Delivery. The Company has the corporate power and
authority to enter into and carry out its obligations under this Agreement,
subject in the case of the consummation of the Merger to the adoption of this
Agreement by the Required Company Vote. The execution and delivery by the
Company of this Agreement and the performance by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and    17  21 validly
authorized and approved by all necessary corporate action on the part of the
Company, and no other corporate or stockholder proceedings on the part of the
Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby other than, in the case of the
consummation of the Merger, to the adoption of this Agreement by the Required
Company Vote and thereby. The Company has duly executed and delivered this
Agreement. Assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Parent and the Merger Sub, this Agreement constitutes and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by each other
party thereto, all instruments of conveyance and other documents executed and
delivered or to be executed and delivered by the Company, as contemplated by
this Agreement, constitute, or when so executed and delivered will
constitute, the legal, valid and binding agreements, instruments and
obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their respective terms except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium,
reorganization and similar Applicable Laws of general application relating to
or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and by the application of
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is
sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).   (c) Capital Structure.  
(i) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of  (A) 5,000,000
shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share  (the "Class A
Common Stock"), (B) 20,000,000 shares of Class B Common  Stock, par value
$0.01 per share (the "Class B Common Stock," and,  together with the Class A
Common Stock, the "Company Common Stock") and  (C) 1,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 (the "Company  Preferred Stock" and,
together with the Company Common Stock, the  "Company Capital Stock"). As of
the date of this Agreement, (A)  1,730,430 shares of Class A Common Stock are
issued and outstanding,  (B) 5,254,258 shares of Class B Common Stock are
issued and  outstanding, (C) no shares of Company Preferred Stock are issued
and  outstanding, (D) 250,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, 27,250 shares 
of Class B Common Stock and no shares of Company Preferred Stock are  issued
and held in the treasury of the Company and (E) no shares of  Class A Common
Stock, 1,050,194 shares of Class B Common Stock and no  shares of Company
Preferred Stock are reserved for issuance upon the  exercise of Company Stock
Options or otherwise. All issued and  outstanding shares of Company Capital
Stock are, and all shares of  Company Capital Stock which may be issued
pursuant to the exercise of  outstanding Company Stock Options, when issued
in accordance with the  terms thereof will be, duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and  nonassessable. None of the issued and outstanding
shares of Company  Capital Stock is entitled to any preemptive or anti-
dilution rights, by  agreement or otherwise. Schedule 4.1(c)(i) of the
Company Disclosure  Schedule sets forth a complete list of each Company Stock
Option  outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, including the name of
the  optionee, class of Company Capital Stock, number of shares, exercise 
price, date of grant, vesting schedule and whether the consent of the 
optionee is required to give effect to the provisions of Section  2.9(a).
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.1(c)(i) of the Company  Disclosure
Schedule, there are outstanding as of the date of this  Agreement no options,
warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements,  arrangements, undertakings
of any kind or other rights to acquire    18  22  capital stock from the
Company (whether or not such options, warrants  or other rights are "in-the-
money" and whether or not exercisable).   (ii) As of the date of this
Agreement, no bonds, debentures,  notes or other indebtedness of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries  having the right to vote on any matters on which
stockholders may vote  are issued or outstanding.   (iii) There are no
securities, options, warrants, calls,  rights, commitments, agreements,
arrangements or undertakings of any  kind obligating the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to issue,  deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered
or sold, or reserve  for issuance, delivery or sale, additional shares of
capital stock or  other ownership interests of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or,  securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of
capital stock  or other ownership interests of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries,  or obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue,
grant,  extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call,
right,  commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. There are no 
outstanding obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to 
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any ownership interests of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to provide funds or contribute  capital
to, or make any investment in, any other Person, other than a  direct wholly
owned Subsidiary of the Company.   (iv) All of the outstanding equity
interests of each  Subsidiary of the Company are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully  paid and nonassessable and are owned, beneficially and of
record, by  the Company or a Subsidiary which is wholly owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Company, free and clear of any Encumbrances. Other  than
the Subsidiaries of the Company and the Funds, the Company does  not directly
or indirectly beneficially own any securities or other  ownership interests
in any other entity. Schedule 4.1(c)(iv) of the  Company Disclosure Schedule
sets forth, with respect to each of Index  LLC, TII, TMRM and FITX, without
qualification as to the Knowledge of  the Company, the ownership interests in
such entities held by the  Company, its Subsidiaries and any of their
respective officers,  directors and employees and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, the other  equity owners thereof.   (v) There are no voting trusts
or other agreements or  understandings to which the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company is  a party with respect to the voting, ownership or transfer
of the  ownership interests of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company.  None of the issued and outstanding ownership interests of any 
Subsidiary is entitled to any preemptive or anti-dilution rights, by 
agreement or otherwise.   (vi) No indebtedness of the Company or any
Subsidiary of the  Company contains any restriction upon (A) the prepayment
of any  indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (B)
the  incurrence of indebtedness by the Company or any Subsidiary of the 
Company or (C) the ability of the Company or any Subsidiary of the  Company
to grant any Encumbrance on the properties or assets of the  Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company.    19  23  (d) Reports and Financial
Statements. The Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each of the Funds have
timely filed (i) all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents (other than Tax Returns), together with any amendments made with
respect thereof (collectively, "Reports"), required to be filed by them with
the SEC and (ii) all material Reports required to be filed by them with any
other Governmental Authority since January 1, 1998 (the items described in
clauses (i) and (ii), collectively, including all exhibits thereto, the
"Regulatory Reports") and have paid all fees and assessments due and
payable in connection therewith. No Subsidiary of the Company is required to
file any report, schedule, form, statement or other document with the SEC.
None of the reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents filed
by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Funds with any Governmental
Authority since January 1, 1998, as of their respective dates (and, if
amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then
on the date of such filing), contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. Each of the audited consolidated
financial statements and unaudited interim financial statements (including
the related notes) included in the Regulatory Reports filed with any Self-
Regulatory Organization complied as to form, as of its respective date of
filing with such Self-Regulatory Organization, in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the Self Regulatory Organization with respect thereto, have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
and consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company and each
Subsidiary of the Company as of the respective dates or for the respective
periods set forth therein, all in conformity with GAAP consistently applied
during the periods involved except as otherwise noted therein, and subject,
in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements, to normal and
recurring year-end adjustments that are not material. All of such
Regulatory Reports, as of their respective dates (and as of the date of any
amendment to the respective Regulatory Report prior to the date of this
Agreement), complied in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of Applicable Law.   (e) Absence of Liabilities. Except for
liabilities or obligations which are accrued or reserved against in the
Company\'s most recent financial statements (or in the related notes thereto)
included in the Regulatory Reports publicly disclosed and filed with the SEC
or which were incurred in the usual, regular and ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practices since the date of the Company\'s most
recent financial statements included in the Regulatory Reports publicly
disclosed and filed with the SEC, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries do
not have any material liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise).   (f) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except
as publicly disclosed in the Regulatory Reports filed with the SEC prior to
the date hereof and copies of which have been provided or made available by
the Company to the Parent, since December 31, 2000 the businesses of the
Company, its Subsidiaries and Funds have been conducted in the ordinary
course, consistent with past practices and there has not been any event,
occurrence, development or state of circumstances or facts that has had, or
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company and there has not been
(i)    20  24 any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend
or other distribution (whether in cash, ownership interests or property) with
respect to any of the Company\'s or its Subsidiaries\' ownership interests,
(ii) any split, combination or reclassification of any of the Company\'s or
any of its Subsidiaries\' ownership interests or any redemption or other
acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any shares of its
ownership interests or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of
any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
ownership interests of the Company or any Subsidiary (iii) (A) any granting
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any director, officer or
employee of the Company of any increase in compensation, bonus or other
benefits, except for normal increases in the usual, regular and ordinary
course of business or in connection with the hiring or promotion of any such
person or increases required under any employment agreements in effect as of
the date of the most recent audited financial statements included in
the Regulatory Reports filed and publicly available prior to the date of
this Agreement, (B) any granting by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
any such director, officer or employee of any increase in severance or
termination pay, except in the usual, regular and ordinary course of business
or in connection with the hiring or promotion of any such person or (C) any
entry by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries into, or any amendment of,
any employment, deferred compensation, consulting, severance, termination
or indemnification agreement with any such director, officer or employee,
other than in the ordinary course of business or in connection with the
hiring or promotion of any such person, (iv) except insofar as may be
required by a change in GAAP, any change in accounting methods, principles or
practices by the Company, (v) any Tax election that individually or in the
aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
Company or any of its Tax attributes or any settlement or compromise of any
material Tax liability, (vi) any amendment to any term of any outstanding
security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) any entry into any
agreement, commitment or transaction by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries which is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole, except for agreements, commitments or transactions entered into in the
usual, regular and ordinary course of business or (vii) any agreement or
approval to do any of the foregoing.   (g) Consents; No Conflict.   (i)
Other than filings and/or notices (A) pursuant to Section  2.3, (B) under the
HSR Act or the Securities Laws, (C) required under a  foreign antitrust or
trade regulation law or (D) required to be made  with any applicable Self-
Regulatory Organization, neither the Company  nor any Subsidiaries of the
Company nor any Fund is required to obtain  the consent, authorization or
approval of, or submit any notice, report  or any other filing with, any
Governmental Authority or any third party  or to obtain any consent, permit,
license or franchise in connection  with the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement, except,  in the case of any third party, as
would not reasonably be expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect with
respect to the Company.   (ii) The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement  by the Company and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  hereby will not constitute or result in any change in the
rights or  obligations of any party under any Company Contract, and will
not  conflict with, result in the termination of, contravene or constitute
a  default under, or be an event which, with the giving of notice or 
passage of time or both will    21  25  become a default under, or give
to any other Person any right of  termination, amendment, cancellation,
acceleration or receipt of  payment pursuant to any of the terms, conditions
or provisions of or  under (A) any Applicable Law (provided, as to
consummation of the  transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the
filings, reports and  notices are made, and approvals are obtained, as
referred to in Section  4.1(g)(i)), (B) the charter and by-laws or comparable
organizational  documents of the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or
any of the  Funds or (C) any Company Contract, except in the case of clause
(A) or  (C) as, individually and in the aggregate, would not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. 
Schedule 4.1(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a correct  and
complete list of all Company Contracts pursuant to which consents  or waivers
(whether as result of a change of control, default, right of  termination or
acceleration or other such comparable provision) are  required prior to or in
connection with the consummation of the  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (whether or not subject to  the exception set forth with respect to
clause (C) above).   (h) Assets.   (i) None of the Company, any Subsidiary
of the Company or any  Fund owns or has owned any real property. Each
leasehold interest of  the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any Fund
in any real  property is described on Section 4.1(h)(i) of the Company
Disclosure  Schedule.   (ii) The Company, each Subsidiary of the Company
and each Fund  owns, or otherwise has sufficient and legally enforceable
rights to,  free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted
Encumbrances,  all of the properties and assets (real, personal or mixed,
tangible or  intangible) necessary to operate its businesses as currently
operated.   (i) Compliance.   (i) Except as set forth in the Regulatory
Reports publicly  disclosed and filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof,
all material  Governmental Approvals have been obtained and are in full force
and  effect. There has been no violation, cancellation, suspension, 
revocation of or default under any Governmental Approval or receipt by  the
Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company nor any of the Funds of  any notice
of any violation, cancellation, suspension, revocation,  non-renewal, default
or dispute affecting any Governmental Approval,  and no basis exists for any
such action, including, without limitation,  as a result of the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement other than violations,
cancellations, suspensions,  revocations or defaults that individually or in
the aggregate would not  reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect with respect  to the Company. The Company, each Subsidiary of the
Company and each of  the Funds has complied, and is currently in compliance,
with Applicable  Law applicable to their respective businesses, except where
the failure  to comply individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably
be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with    22  26  respect
to the Company, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of  the Company
nor any of the Funds has received any notice alleging any  failure to so
comply.   (ii) Since January 1, 1998, the Company has not received any 
notice that any Governmental Authority has initiated any administrative 
proceeding or investigation into the business or operations of the  Company,
any of its Subsidiaries or any of the Funds or any principal  employees of
any of them. There is no unresolved violation or exception  by any
Governmental Authority with respect to any report or statement  by any
Governmental Authority relating to any examination of the  Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or any of the Funds.   (iii) None of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is  ineligible pursuant to Section 203 of the Advisers Act
or Section 15(b)  of the Exchange Act to serve as a registered investment
adviser or  broker-dealer and no "Associated Person" (as defined in the
Advisers  Act or the Exchange Act) of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
any  of the Funds is ineligible pursuant to Section 203 of the Advisers Act 
or Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act to serve as an Associated Person  of a
registered investment adviser or broker-dealer.   (iv) None of the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, any of the  Funds is registered as, or is required
to be registered as, an  Investment Company. No other Person to whom the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries renders investment management or
investment advisory  services is registered as an Investment Company.   (v)
Except for Tremont Partners, Inc. ("TPI"), neither the  Company nor any
Affiliate of the Company has been during the past five  years an "investment
adviser" required to be registered, licensed or  qualified as an investment
adviser under the Advisers Act or other  Applicable Law or subject to any
material liability or disability by  reason of any failure to be so
registered, licensed or qualified,  except for any such failure to be so
registered, licensed or qualified  that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with
respect to the Company.   (vi) TPI is, and at all times required by the
Advisers Act  during the past five years has been, duly registered as an
investment  adviser under the Advisers Act. TPI is, and at all times required
by  Applicable Law (other than the Advisers Act) during the past five years 
has been, duly registered, licensed or qualified as an investment  adviser in
each state or any other domestic or foreign jurisdiction  where the conduct
of its business required such registration, licensing  or qualification,
except for any such failure to be so registered,  licensed or qualified that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not  reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect with respect  to the Company.   (vii) Each Form ADV
filed (or deemed to be filed) by TPI,  including any amendments thereto filed
(or deemed to be filed) with the  SEC, complied in all material respects with
the Advisers Act and was  complete and correct in all material respects and
omitted no material  facts required to be stated therein.    23  27 
(viii) Except for Tremont Securities, Inc. ("TSI"), neither  the Company nor
any Affiliate of the Company has been during the past  five years a "broker-
dealer" required to be registered, licensed or  qualified as a broker-dealer
under the Exchange Act or other Applicable  Law or subject to any material
liability or disability by reason of any  failure to be so registered,
licensed or qualified, except for any such  failure to be so registered,
licensed or qualified that would not,  individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect with respect to the
Company.   (ix) TSI is, and at all times required by the Exchange Act 
during the past five years has been, duly registered as a broker-dealer 
under the Exchange Act. TSI is, and at all times required by Applicable  Law
(other than the Exchange Act) during the past five years has been,  duly
registered, licensed or qualified as a broker-dealer in each state  or any
other domestic or foreign jurisdiction where the conduct of its  business
required such registration, licensing or qualification, except  for any such
failure to be so registered, licensed or qualified that,  individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to  have a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to the Company.   (x) Each Form BD filed by TSI,
including any amendments  thereto filed with the SEC or the NASD, complied in
all material  respects with the Exchange Act and was complete and correct in
all  material respects and omitted no material facts required to be stated 
therein.   (xi) Except for Tremont Futures, Inc. ("TFI"), neither the 
Company nor any Affiliate of the Company has been during the past five  years
a "commodity pool operator" or "commodity trading advisor"  required to be
registered, licensed or qualified as such under the CEA  or other Applicable
Law or to be a member of the NFA or subject to any  material liability or
disability by reason of any failure to be so  registered, licensed or
qualified, except for any such failure to be so  registered, licensed or
qualified that would not, individually or in  the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect  with respect to the Company.  
(xii) TFI is, and at all times required by the CEA during the  past five
years has been, duly registered as a commodity pool operator  and commodity
trading advisor under the CEA and is a member in good  standing of the NFA,
and has, to the extent required by the NFA Bylaw  1101, ensured that: (A) the
sponsors of, advisors to, or other  appropriate Persons with respect to, any
collective investment vehicle  in which any of the Funds has invested (or in
which any Person with  respect to which TFI has acted as a commodity trading
advisor under the  CEA has invested) has been, to the extent required under
the CEA, duly  registered as a commodity pool operator or commodity trading
adviser  under the CEA and is a member in good standing of the NFA; and (B)
any  futures commission merchants, introducing brokers, floor brokers or 
floor traders with which TFI, any of the Funds, or any Person with  respect
to which TFI has acted as a commodity trading advisor under the  CEA, has
done business has been, to the extent required under the CEA,  duly
registered in its appropriate capacity under the CEA and is a  member in good
standing of the NFA.    24  28  (xiii) Each Form 7-R and, to the
Knowledge of the Company,  each Form 8-R filed by TFI, or by any "principal"
or "Associated  Person" (as such terms are defined in the CEA or the rules of
the NFA)  thereof, including any amendments thereto filed with the CFTC or
NFA,  complied in all material respects with the CEA and was complete and 
correct in all material respects and omitted no material facts required  to
be stated therein; and TFI and, to the Knowledge of the Company,  each such
principal or Associated Person thereof has filed any such  forms 7-R or 8-R
required to be filed under the CEA or rules of the  NFA. Except as set forth
in Schedule 4.1(i) (xiii) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule, (A) no form
7-R or form 8-R to which the  immediately preceding sentence refers,
including any amendments  thereto, has contained a "Yes" response by the
applicable registrant,  or Person to be listed as a principal or Associated
Person of a  registrant to any item under the "Disciplinary History" section
of such  Form 7-R or Form 8-R. Each commodity pool operator or commodity
trading  advisor disclosure document provided by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries to any client did not contain any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to  make
the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under  which they
were made, not misleading.   (xiv) Tremont TASS (Europe) Limited ("TTEL") is
regulated by  the SFA. All investment business activities of TTEL have been
carried  on in accordance with the provisions of the FSA, any regulation
made  under the FSA and the rules of the SFA. All directors and employees
of  TTEL required to be registered persons under the rules of the SFA are 
so registered. TTEL has adopted, and in all respects observed,  procedures
complying with all laws and regulations intended to combat  money-laundering
and insider dealing which apply to TTEL, its directors  and employees. TTEL
has not received any notice that SFA has initiated  any administrative
proceeding or investigation into the business or  operations of TTEL or any
of its principal employees. There is no  unresolved violation or exception by
SFA with respect to any report or  statement by SFA relating to any
examination of TTEL. TTEL has not, and  none of its directors or employees
has, been the subject of any  censure, disciplinary hearings or fines by the
SFA or any other  Governmental Authority. Since it became an authorized
person, TTEL has  not had cause to notify the SFA of any material matter and
there are no  entries on the Complaints and Breaches Register of TTEL kept
in  accordance with the rules of the SFA.   (xv) Tremont Investment
Management, Inc. ("TIMI") has timely  filed, or caused the timely filing of,
all material forms, reports,  registration applications, prospectuses (and
other similar offering  documents) schedules and other documents, together
with any amendments  required to be made with respect thereto, that were
required to be  filed with any Governmental Authority, in connection with The
Tremont  Masters Fund and has paid all fees and assessments due and payable
in  connection therewith. TIMI is and has been duly registered as an 
advisor in the categories of investment counsel and portfolio manager  and
limited market dealer under the Securities Act (Ontario). All  directors,
officers and employees of TIMI required to be registered  persons under the
Securities Act (Ontario) are so registered. Such  registrations are in full
force and effect and good standing and TIMI  is not in default or breach of
any condition of its registrations and  no proceeding is pending or
threatened to revoke or limit such  registrations.    25   29  (j)
Taxes. Except insofar as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(j) to the Company
Disclosure Schedule:   (i) (A) All federal, state and other material Tax
Returns with  respect to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of the
Funds or  any affiliated, combined or unitary group of which the Company or
any  Subsidiary of the Company is or has been a member required to be filed 
on or prior to the Closing Date (taking into account any extensions of  time
to file) have (or by the Effective Time will have) been duly and  timely
filed and all such Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all  material
respects and (B) the Company, all Subsidiaries of the Company  and the Funds
have timely paid (or there have been paid on their  behalf) all Taxes shown
as due and payable on such Tax Returns (other  than Taxes that are being
contested in good faith) or have been  properly reserved for in the books and
records of the Company, such  Subsidiary of the Company or such Fund in
accordance with GAAP;   (ii) The Company and each Subsidiary of the Company,
have  complied with all material requirements in relation to the payment
and  withholding of Taxes;   (iii) No agreement or other document waiving
or extending the  statute of limitations or the period of assessment or
collection of any  Taxes payable by the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company has been  filed or entered into with any Governmental Authority;  
(iv) The Company has not received any written notice of any  action, suit,
proceeding, audit, deficiency or claim now proposed or  pending against or
with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary of the  Company;   (v)
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company is a  party to or bound
by or has any obligation under any Tax allocation,  sharing, indemnity or
similar agreement or arrangement; (including any  advance pricing agreement,
closing agreement or other agreement  relating to Taxes with any Taxing
Authority);   (vi) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company
is,  or has been, a United States real property holding company within the 
meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code;   (vii) Neither of the Company nor
any Subsidiary of the Company  is a "bank" as defined in Section 581 of the
Code;   (viii) No power of attorney with respect to any Taxes of the 
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company has been executed or filed  with any
taxing authority;   (ix) No liens for Taxes exist with respect to any assets
or  properties of the Company, or any Subsidiary of the Company except for 
statutory liens for Taxes not yet due or contested in good faith;    26 
30  (x) No federal, state, local or non-U.S. audits or other  administrative
proceedings or court proceedings are presently pending  with regard to any
federal, state, local or non-U.S. income or  franchise Taxes or material
other federal, state, local or non-U.S.  Taxes or Tax Returns of the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company.  The Company has not received any written
notice of any material issues  relating to Taxes raised from the relevant
Taxing Authority during any  presently pending audit or examination;   (xi)
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has  agreed to or is
required to make any material adjustment under Section  481(a) of the Code or
any similar provision of non-U.S. law that would  affect any taxable year
beginning after the date hereof;   (xii) Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary of the Company  has with regard to any assets or property held or
acquired by any of  them, filed a consent to the application of Section
341(f) of the Code  or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply to
any  disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as such term is defined in 
Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by the Company or any Subsidiary  of the
Company;   (xiii) Each Fund which is qualified as a "registered  investment
company" under subchapter M of the Code has been managed in  a manner
consistent with its qualification as a "registered investment  company" under
Subchapter M of the Code. No such Fund is subject to the  payment of Tax for
any taxable year by reason of its failure to satisfy  the minimum
distribution requirements of Section 852(a)(1) of the Code;   (xiv) Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company  has constituted either a
"distributing corporation" or a "controlled  corporation" (within the meaning
of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code)  in a distribution of stock qualifying
for tax-free treatment under  Section 355 of the Code (i) in the two (2)
years prior to the date of  this Agreement or (ii) in a distribution which
could otherwise  constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related
transactions" (within  the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in
conjunction with the  Merger;   (xv) Parent has received complete copies of
(A) all material  federal, state and other material income or franchise Tax
Returns of  the Company and each Subsidiary of the Company relating to the
taxable  periods ended since December 31, 1998 and (B) any audit report
issued  within the last three years relating to any material Taxes due from
or  with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company;   (xvi)
The Company has not received any written notice of any  claim by a Taxing
Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any  Subsidiary of the
Company does not file Tax Returns stating that the  Company, or such
Subsidiary, is or may be subject to taxation by that  jurisdiction;  
(xvii) No property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary of  the Company (i)
is property required to be treated as being owned by  another Person pursuant
to the provisions of Section 168(f)(8) of the  Internal Revenue Code of 1954,
as amended and in    27  31  effect immediately prior to the enactment of
the Tax Reform Act of  1986, (ii) constitutes "tax-exempt use property"
within the meaning of  Section 168(h)(1) of the Code or (iii) is "tax-exempt
bond financed  property" within the meaning of Section 168(g) of the
Code;   (xviii) There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement 
covering any person that, individually or collectively, could give rise  to
the payment of any amount that would not be deductible by the  Parent, the
Company or any of their respective Affiliates by reason of  Section 280G of
the Code, or would constitute compensation in excess of  the limitation set
forth in Section 162(m) of the Code; and   (xix) Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary of the Company is  subject to any private letter ruling of the IRS
or comparable rulings  of other Taxing Authorities issued solely in respect
of the Company or  any Subsidiary of the Company.   (xx) At the time of
issuance of each of the life insurance  policies (each individually, an
"Insurance Policy") issued by TII and  for the life of each Insurance Policy:
(i) provided that each purchaser  of such Insurance Policy has an insurable
interest in the life of the  insured under each Insurance Policy and in the
amount of insurance  applied for, (A) each Insurance Policy qualifies as life
insurance  under applicable insurance law, (B) each Insurance Policy
qualifies as  a life insurance contract under the guideline premium test of
Section  7702 of the Code and will be treated as life insurance for current 
federal income Tax purposes, (C) neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries has caused any Insurance Policy to fail the guideline  premium
test of Section 7702 of the Code or some other current Tax law  provision
thereby causing the purchaser to be in receipt or accrual of  the account
value of an Insurance Policy, including increments thereon,  (D) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has caused any  Insurance Policy to fail
the guideline premium test of Section 7702 of  the Code or some other current
Tax law provision thereby causing the  death benefits paid under the policies
to be ineligible for the  exclusion from gross income under Section 101(a) of
the Code, (ii) each  of the Insurance Policies are variable contracts as
defined in Section  817(d) of the Code, (iii) the segregated asset account(s)
underlying  the Insurance Policies comply with Section 817(h) of the Code,
(iv) no  purchaser of an Insurance Policy will be treated as owner for Tax 
purposes of the assets of any separate account to which Insurance  Policy
account values have been allocated, and, (v) provided that, for  each
Insurance Policy, premiums are paid, death benefits are reduced  and each
policy owner exercises its rights under the Insurance Policy  only in
accordance with the plan for such Insurance Policy as specified  by TII at
issue and from time to time thereafter, no Insurance Policy  has become a
modified endowment contract under Section 7702A of the  Code.   (xxi) At
the time of issuance of each of the annuity policies  (each individually, an
"Annuity Policy") issued by TII and for the life  of each Annuity Policy: (i)
each of the Annuity Policies are variable  contracts as defined in Section
817(d) of the Code, (ii) the segregated  asset account(s) underlying the
Annuity Policies comply with Section  817(h) of the Code; and (iii) no
purchaser of an Annuity Policy will be  treated as owner for Tax purposes of
the assets of any separate account  to which Annuity Policy account values
have been allocated.    28  32  (k) Litigation. There is not, and since
January 1, 1998, there has not been, any litigation, administrative, arbitral
or other proceeding, claims, actions, or governmental or regulatory
investigations pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any of the Funds in
connection with their respective businesses or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and there is no injunction, judgment, decree or regulatory
restriction imposed upon either the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.
With respect to the pending litigations, proceedings, claims, actions or
investigations listed on Schedule 4.1(k) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
individually and in the aggregate, no adverse determination would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company.
There is no lawsuit or claim by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
currently pending or which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
currently intends to initiate against any other Person.   (l) Labor and
Employment Matters; Benefit Plan Obligations.   (i) Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is  delinquent in any respect in payments to any of
its current or former  officers, directors, employees, consultants, or agents
for any wages,  salaries, commissions, bonuses, benefits, expenses or other 
compensation for any services performed by them or amounts required to  be
reimbursed to them; and in the event of termination of the  employment of any
employee of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or  any of the Funds
("Employee"), none of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries will be liable
to any such Employee under any agreement in  effect at the Effective Time for
so-called "severance pay", incentive  pay, liquidated damages or any other
payments or benefits, including,  without limitation, post-employment health
care, pension or insurance  benefits.   (ii) Since January 1, 1998, none of
the Company or any  Subsidiary of the Company has had any claim made against
it by any  Person before any Governmental Authority in respect of employment
with  it for discrimination or harassment on account of sex, race or other 
characteristic protected by Applicable Law and there are no such  proceedings
pending or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, threatened.   (iii) Schedule
4.1(l)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule  contains a true and complete
list of each Benefit Plan. With respect to  each Benefit Plan, the Company
has heretofore delivered or made  available to Parent true and complete
copies of each of the following  documents: (A) a copy of the Benefit Plan
and any amendments thereto;  (B) a copy of the most recent annual report on
IRS Form 5500; (C) a  copy of the most recent summary plan description
(including  supplements) required under ERISA with respect thereto; (D) if
the  Benefit Plan is funded through a trust or any third party funding 
vehicle, a copy of the trust or other funding agreement and the latest 
financial statements thereof and all related agreements; and (E) the  most
recent determination letter or pending determination letter  received from
the IRS with respect to each Benefit Plan intended to  qualify under Section
401 of the Code.    29  33  (iv) None of the Company or any Subsidiary of
the Company or  any ERISA Affiliate (A) has ever maintained any Benefit Plan
which has  been subject to Title IV of ERISA or any similar Applicable Law of
any  other jurisdiction or (B) has ever provided or agreed to provide
health  care or any other welfare benefits (as described in Section 3(1) of 
ERISA) to any Employees after their employment is terminated (other  than as
required by part 6 of Subtitle B of title I of ERISA or any  similar
Applicable Law of any other jurisdiction).   (v) No Benefit Plan is a
"multiemployer pension plan", as  defined in section 3(37) of ERISA.   (vi)
Each Benefit Plan has been operated in all material  respects in accordance
with its terms and Applicable Law, including but  not limited to ERISA and
the Code. Each Benefit Plan which is intended  to be "qualified" within the
meaning of Code section 401(a) is so  qualified and has received a favorable
determination letter to such  effect.   (vii) To the Knowledge of the
Company, there is no matter  pending with respect to any of the Benefit Plans
before any  Governmental Authority. There are no pending or, to the Knowledge
of  the Company, threatened or anticipated actions, suits, or claims by or 
on behalf of any Benefit Plan, by any Employee or beneficiary covered 
thereunder, or otherwise involving any such Benefit Plan (other than  routine
claims for benefits).   (viii) No stock or other security issued by the
Company forms  or has formed a material part of the assets of any Benefit
Plan.   (ix) To the Knowledge of the Company, any individual who  performs
services for the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of  the Funds (other
than through a contract with an organization other  than such individual) and
who is not treated as an Employee of the  Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
Funds for federal income tax  purposes by the Company, such Subsidiary or
Fund is not an Employee for  such purposes.   (x) None of the Funds has or
has had any employees.    (xi) With respect to each Benefit Plan that is
maintained  outside of the U.S. primarily for the benefit of persons
substantially  all of whom are nonresident aliens (a "Foreign Plan"):   (1)
all employer and Employee contributions to each  Foreign Benefit required by
law or by the terms of such  Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable,
accrued in  accordance with normal accounting practices.   (2) the fair
market value of the assets of each  funded Foreign Plan, the liability of
each insurer for any  Foreign Plan funded through    30  34  insurance
or the book reserve established for any Foreign  Plan, together with any
accrued contributions, is sufficient  to procure or provide for the accrued
benefit obligations, as  of the Closing Date, with respect to all current or
former  participants in such plan according to the actuarial  assumptions
and valuations most recently used to determine  employer contributions to
such Foreign Plan and no transaction  contemplated by this Agreement shall
cause such assets or  insurance obligations to be less than such benefit 
obligations; and   (3) each Foreign Plan required to be registered has 
been registered and has been maintained in good standing with  applicable
regulatory authorities.   (xii) None of the Employees is represented in his
or her  capacity as an Employee by any labor organization; Neither the
Company  nor any of its Subsidiaries has recognized any labor organization
nor  has any labor organization been elected as the collective bargaining 
agent of any of such Employees, nor has the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries entered into any collective bargaining agreement or union 
contract recognizing any labor organization as the bargaining agent of  any
Employees; there is no union organization activity involving any of  the
Employees, pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries, threatened, nor has there ever been union  representation
involving any of the Employees; there is no picketing,  pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,  threatened, and there
are no strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages, other  job actions, lockouts,
arbitrations, grievances or other labor disputes  involving any of the
Employees, pending or, to the Knowledge of the  Company, threatened; there
are no complaints, charges or claims against  the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries pending or, to the Knowledge of  the Company, threatened which
could be brought or filed, with any  public or governmental authority,
arbitrator or court based on, arising  out of, in connection with, or
otherwise relating to the employment or  termination of employment or failure
to employ by the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries, of any individual; the
Company and each of its  Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws,
regulations and orders  relating to the employment of labor, including all
such laws,  regulations and orders relating to wages, hours, the Worker
Adjustment  and Retraining Notification Act and any similar state or local
"mass  layoff" or "plant closing" law ("WARN"), collective bargaining, 
discrimination, civil rights, safety and health, workers\' compensation  and
the collection and payment of withholding and/or social security  taxes and
any similar tax except for immaterial non-compliance; and  there has been no
"mass layoff" or "plant closing" as defined by WARN  with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries within the six  (6) months prior to the
Closing.   (m) Board Approval. The Board of Directors of the Company,
by resolutions duly adopted at a meeting duly called and held and not
subsequently rescinded or modified in any way, has duly (i) determined that
this Agreement and the Merger are advisable and in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement and the Merger and
(iii) recommended that the stockholders of the Company adopt this
Agreement.    31  35 Assuming the accuracy of the representations and
warranties set forth in Section 4.2(i), the Board of Directors of the Company
has taken the necessary action to make inapplicable to this Agreement, the
Stockholders Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
the restrictions on business combinations set forth in Section 203 of the
DGCL and any other "fair price," "moratorium," "control share," "business
combination," "affiliate transaction" or other applicable antitakeover
laws.   (n) Vote Required. Assuming the accuracy of the representations
and warranties set forth in Section 4.2(i), the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the voting power of the Company Common Stock to
adopt this Agreement (the "Required Company Vote") is the only vote of the
holders of any class or series of Company Capital Stock necessary to adopt
this Agreement and approve the transactions contemplated hereby.   (o)
Contracts.   (i) Schedule 4.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets 
forth under separate headings, and the Company has made available to  the
Parent true, correct and complete copies of: (A) each Company  Contract that
is not cancelable without penalty by the Company, any of  its Subsidiaries or
any Fund party thereto upon 90 days or less notice  or that involves the
receipt or payment by the Company, such Subsidiary  or such Fund in the prior
fiscal year (or is reasonably likely to  involve the receipt of payment by
the Company, such Subsidiary or such  Fund in the current fiscal year) of an
amount in excess of $100,000,  (B) each Company Contract with any one or more
of the directors or  executive officers or members of their Immediate
Families or entities  in which any of them has greater than a 5% equity
interest, (C) each  Company Contract that is required to be described in the
Regulatory  Reports publicly disclosed and filed with the SEC or to be filed
as an  exhibit thereto (which Company Contract is described in the
Regulatory  Reports publicly disclosed and filed with the SEC or filed as
an  exhibit thereto), (D) each Advisory Agreement, (E) each Company 
Contract with respect to or involving employment, severance, product  design
or development, personal services, consulting, non-competition  or
indemnification (including, without limitation, any Company Contract 
involving employees of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of  the
Funds); (F) each Company Contract with respect to or involving  licensing,
merchandising or distribution; (G) each Company Contract  granting a right of
first refusal or first negotiation; (H) each  Company Contract that is a
shareholders, partnership, joint venture or  similar agreement; (I) each
Company Contract for the acquisition, sale  or lease of material properties
or assets of the Company, any of its  Subsidiaries or any Fund (by merger,
purchase or sale of assets or  stock or otherwise) entered into since its
inception; (J) each Company  Contract with any Governmental Authority; (K)
each loan or credit  agreement, mortgage, indenture, instrument or other
Company Contract  evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money by the Company,
any of its  Subsidiaries or Funds or any such Company Contract pursuant to
which  indebtedness for borrowed money may be incurred; (L) each Company 
Contract that purports to limit, curtail or restrict the ability of the 
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of the Funds to compete in any 
geographic area, line of business or otherwise or with any Person, or  to
obtain products or services from or engage in business transactions  with,
any other Person; (M) each Company Contract with or    32  36  with
respect to Mutual Risk Management Ltd.; (N) each Company Contract  between
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of the Funds and  any other
Person (other than a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company)  in which the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of the Funds owns  an equity
interest; (O) each other Company Contract material to the  business,
governance, operations or financial condition of the Company,  any of its
Subsidiaries or any of the Funds, and (P) each commitment  and agreement to
enter into any of the foregoing. Each Company Contract  set forth or required
to be set forth in Schedule 4.1(o) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule is
referred to herein as a "Material Contract."   (ii) Each of the Company,
each of its Subsidiaries and each  Fund which is a party to any Material
Contract has duly performed all  its material obligations under such Material
Contract, in each case to  the extent that such obligations have accrued;
each Material Contract  is in full force and effect and constitutes the valid
and legally  binding obligation of the Company, such Subsidiaries and each
Fund, as  applicable, enforceable according to its terms; and no breach or 
default, alleged breach or default, or event which constitutes or would 
(with the passage of time, notice or both) constitute a material breach  or
default thereunder on the part of the Company, any of its  Subsidiaries or
any Fund, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any  other party thereto, has
occurred or, as a result of this Agreement or  the performance by the Company
of any of its covenants or obligations  hereunder, will occur.   (iii)
Except for those limits or requirements in cases (A) or  (B) immediately
below as would not, individually or in the aggregate,  reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect  to the Company, no Company
Contract to which the Company, any of its  Subsidiaries or any of the Funds
is a party or subject to (A) limits  the freedom of the Company, or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of the  Funds to compete in any line of business, any
geographic area or  otherwise or with any Person; or (B) contains any
requirement of  exclusive dealing with any other Person anywhere in the world
or with  respect to any product, and no such Contract as described in such 
clauses (A) and (B) or any other Company Contract would be or purports  to be
valid and legally binding on the Parent or any of its Affiliates  (other than
the Company and its Subsidiaries) upon, and at any time  after, the Closing,
regardless of the scope of limits or requirements.   (iv) The Company has
made or caused to be made available to  the Parent copies of all sales,
marketing and account solicitation  agreements and marketing arrangements
relating to its investment  advisory activities.   (p) Brokerage or
Finder\'s Fees. Other than the Company Financial Advisor, whose fees and
expenses will be borne by the Company, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has incurred any liability to any broker, finder or agent for
any fees or commissions or similar compensation with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (q) Insurance. The Company,
its Subsidiaries and the Funds maintain with reputable insurers such
worker\'s compensation, comprehensive property and casualty, liability,
errors and omissions, fidelity and other insurance as is described on
Schedule 4.1(q) of the Company    33  37 Disclosure Schedule, which
insurance is, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, sufficient in all
material respects for the operation of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries and Funds as currently conducted.   (r) Opinion of the Company
Financial Advisor. The Company has received the opinion of the Company
Financial Advisor, dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as
of such date, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of Company Common Stock, a copy of which opinion has
been made available to the Parent.   (s) No Parent Capital Stock. The
Company does not own or hold directly or indirectly any shares of common
stock of the Parent or any other capital stock of the Parent, or any options,
warrants or other rights to acquire any capital stock of the Parent, or in
each case, any interests therein.   (t) Sponsored Collective Investment
Vehicles and Commodities Advisory Matters.   (i) Schedule 4.1(t) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets  forth a true, correct and complete list of
each Fund, including each  Fund\'s name, its jurisdiction of organization and
authorized ownership  interests (and the ownership interests of the Company
and its  Subsidiaries in each Fund), and the jurisdictions in which each of
them  is licensed or qualified or registered to do business.   (ii) True,
correct and complete copies of the offering  documents, subscription
agreements, administrative services agreements,  distribution or placement
agency agreements, solicitation agreements  and custody agreements, as
applicable, or any similar agreements, in  any case pertaining to the Funds
and used since January 1, 1998 have  been made available to the Parent. Such
offering documents did not, at  any time such offering documents were made
available to investors or  prospective investors in the Funds, contain any
untrue statement of a  material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the  circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.   (iii) True, correct and complete copies of the audited 
financial statements of each of the Funds for the fiscal years  completed on
or after December 31, 1998 or its inception, whichever is  later, through its
most recent fiscal year ended on or prior to  December 31, 2000 have been
made available to the Parent. Each of such  financial statements presents
fairly, in all material respects, the  consolidated financial position of
such Fund in accordance with GAAP  applied on a consistent basis (except as
otherwise noted therein) at  the respective date of such financial
statements.   (iv) All securities of which any of the Funds is the issuer 
were sold pursuant to a valid exemption from the registration  requirements
of the Securities Act and other applicable Securities Laws  and in compliance
with Applicable Law.    34  38  (v) Since its inception, each Fund has
been operated and is  currently operating in compliance in all material
respects with its  respective investment objectives and policies, its
constituent  documents and Applicable Law. Since its inception, each of the
Funds  that has been (i) offered to United States investors or (ii)
organized  in any jurisdiction within the United States has been excluded
from the  definition of an "investment company" under the Investment Company
Act  by virtue of Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Since its 
inception, each of the Funds that is a commodity pool within the  meaning of
the CEA is an "exempt pool" within the meaning of Rule 4.7  promulgated by
the CFTC under the CEA, each Person with respect to  which TFI acts as a
commodity trading advisor is a "Qualified Eligible  Person" within the
meaning of such Rule 4.7, and TFI and the Fund have  been in compliance with
the disclosure reporting and record keeping  requirements of such Rule
4.7(b).   (vi) None of TFI, the Funds or any direct or indirect 
"principal" or "Associated Person" (as such terms are defined in the  CEA or
the rules of the NFA) thereof has been enjoined, indicted,  convicted or made
the subject of disciplinary proceedings, consent  decrees or administrative
orders on account of any violation of the  Securities Laws, the CEA or the
rules or interpretations of any  Self-Regulatory Organization or, except as
set forth in Schedule  4.1(t)(vi) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, has
been criticized by  the CFTC or NFA in, as a result of or following any
regulatory audit by  the NFA.   (u) Termination of Relationships. As of the
date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice since June 30, 2000, and no other notice is pending, that any Fund or
any other Person to whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries renders
investment management or investment advisory services that individually or in
the aggregate are material to the business of the Company is terminating or
is planning to terminate its relationship with the Company and/or any of its
Subsidiaries or will reduce materially its use of the services of the Company
and any of its Subsidiaries. As of the date hereof, the Company has no
Knowledge that any Fund or any other Person to whom the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries renders investment management or investment advisory services
that individually or in the aggregate are material to the business of the
Company plans to terminate its relationship with the Company and/or any of
its Subsidiaries or plans to reduce materially its use of the services of the
Company and any of its Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this Section 4.1(u),
each of the Funds will be deemed to be material to the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries.   (v) Absence of Certain Payments. To the
Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
Person acting on behalf of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries has made
any payment to, or conferred any benefit, directly or indirectly, on
suppliers, clients, employees or agents of suppliers or clients, or officials
or employees of any Governmental Authority or any political parties or
candidates for office, that was unlawful in the place where, and at the time
when, such payment or benefit was given or received, or, in the case of
payments to or benefits conferred upon representatives of a Governmental
Authority referred to above, would have been unlawful under the laws of the
United States if such laws were applicable to such payment or benefit and to
such officials or employees.    35  39  (w) Privacy Rules. The Company
and its Subsidiaries and the Funds, to the extent each is a "financial
institution" (as defined in the GBA), have complied, to the extent required,
with the GBA and the rules and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto,
including, without limitation, Regulation S-P issued by the SEC and the
privacy rules issued by the Federal Trade Commission and expected to be
issued by the CFTC (collectively, the "Privacy Rules"), and each such
Financial Institution has provided the privacy notices, in the form and to
the extent required by the GBA and the Privacy Rules, and has taken
such other actions as may be required thereunder.   (x) Technology and
Intellectual Property.   (i) The Technology Systems are adequate in all
material  respects for their intended use and for the operation of the
respective  businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries as are currently 
operated and as necessary after the Closing Date in substantially the  same
manner as such businesses have been operated prior thereto. The  Company or
one or more of its wholly owned Subsidiaries owns or has the  right to use,
free and clear of Encumbrances, all components of the  Technology Systems
that are reasonably necessary to the normal  operations of such businesses.
There has not been any material  malfunction with respect to any of the
Technology Systems since January  1, 1998 that has not been remedied or
replaced in all material  respects. The completion of the transactions
contemplated by this  Agreement will not materially alter or impair the
ownership or right of  the Company or its Subsidiaries to use the components
of the Technology  Systems. No trade secret, know-how, model, process,
formula, database  or Software created by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries included  in the Intellectual Property of the Companies has been
disclosed or  authorized to be disclosed to any third party other than for
use in  connection with the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries
or  pursuant to a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement that 
reasonably protects the interest of the Company and its Subsidiaries  and the
Funds in and to such matters.   (ii) Schedule 4.1(x)(ii) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule  sets forth, for the Intellectual Property owned by, or
licensed to, the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including those jointly
with others  (such schedule specifies any as such), a complete and accurate
list of  all (whether registered or unregistered, any applications therefor
and  whether owned or licensed) patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade 
secrets and Software. The Company and its wholly owned Subsidiaries own  or
possess adequate licenses or other rights to use, free and clear of 
Encumbrances, orders and arbitration awards, all of their Intellectual 
Property for the operation of the respective businesses of the Company  and
the Subsidiaries as are currently operated and as necessary after  the
Closing Date in substantially the same manner as such businesses  have been
operated prior thereto. All Intellectual Property  registrations owned by the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company are  valid and subsisting, are held
in the name of the Company or one of its  Subsidiaries and are validly
maintained. No Intellectual Property  application or registration owned by
the Company or any Subsidiary of  the Company is the subject of any pending,
existing or threatened  opposition, interference, cancellation proceeding or
other legal or  governmental proceeding before any registration authority in
any  jurisdiction. The conduct of the respective businesses    36  40 
of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the Funds does not infringe in  any
material respect upon any Intellectual Property right owned or  controlled by
any third party. There are no material claims,  proceedings or actions
pending or, to the Company\'s Knowledge,  threatened, and none of the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of  the Funds has received any notice
of any claim or suit (A) alleging  that the activities of the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or any of  the Funds infringe upon or constitute the
unauthorized use of the  proprietary rights of any third party or (B)
challenging the ownership,  use, validity or enforceability of any
Intellectual Property owned or  controlled by the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company, nor is  there, to the Company\'s Knowledge, a valid basis for
any such claim or  suit. To the Company\'s Knowledge, no third party is
infringing upon any  Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries,  and no such claims have been made by the Company.   4.2
Representations and Warranties of the Parent and the Merger Sub. Except as
set forth in writing in the disclosure schedule delivered by the Parent to
the Company prior to the execution of this agreement (the "Parent Disclosure
Schedule") (each section of which qualifies the correspondingly numbered
representation and warranty or covenant to the extent specified therein) each
of the Parent and the Merger Sub represents and warrants to the Company as
follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power. Each of the Parent and the
Merger Sub has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in
good standing under the Applicable Laws of the State of Delaware, has all
the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted, and is
duly qualified and in, if applicable, good standing to do business in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership,
leasing or operation of its properties makes such licensing, qualification
or, if applicable, good standing necessary other than in such jurisdictions
where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or, if applicable, in good
standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Parent. The copies of
the charter and by-laws and any amendments thereto of the Parent and the
Merger Sub that were previously furnished to the Company are true, complete
and correct copies of such documents as in effect on the date of this
Agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Merger Sub are
duly authorized validly issued and nonassessable and are owned beneficially
and of record, by the Parent or a Subsidiary which is wholly owned, directly
or indirectly, by the Parent, free and clear of any Encumbrances other than
Permitted Encumbrances.   (b) Authority of the Parent and the Merger Sub;
Execution and Delivery. Each of the Parent and the Merger Sub has the
corporate power and authority to enter into and carry out its obligations
under this Agreement. The execution and delivery by each of the Parent and
the Merger Sub of this Agreement and the performance by each of them of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and
approved by all necessary corporate action on the part of each of them, and
no other corporate or stockholder proceedings on the part of either of them
are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. Each of the Parent and the Merger Sub has
duly executed and delivered this Agreement. Assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, this Agreement
constitutes and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery   
37  41 thereof by each other party thereto, all instruments of conveyance
and other documents executed and delivered or to be executed and delivered by
them, as contemplated by this Agreement, constitute, or when so executed and
delivered will constitute, the legal, valid and binding agreements,
instruments and obligations of each of them, enforceable against each of them
in accordance with their respective terms except as such enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer,
moratorium, reorganization and similar Applicable Laws of general application
relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and by the
application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such
enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).   (c) Consents;
No Conflict.   (i) Other than filings and/or notices (A) pursuant to
Section  2.3, (B) under the HSR Act or the Securities Laws, (C) required
under a  foreign antitrust or trade regulation law, or (D) required to be
made  with any applicable Self-Regulatory Organization, neither the Parent 
nor the Merger Sub is required to obtain the consent, authorization or 
approval of, or submit any notice, report or any other filing with, any 
Governmental Authority or any third party or to obtain any consent,  permit,
license or franchise in connection with the execution, delivery  and
performance of this Agreement by the Parent or the Merger Sub,  respectively,
except, in the case of any third party, as would not  reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect  to the Parent.   (ii) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement  by each of the Parent
and the Merger Sub and the consummation of the  transactions contemplated
hereby will not conflict with, result in the  termination of, contravene or
constitute a default under, or be an  event which, with the giving of notice
or passage of time or both will  become a default under, or give to any other
Person any right of  termination pursuant to any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of  or under (A) any Applicable Law (provided, as to consummation,
the  filings, reports and notices are made, and approvals are obtained, as 
referred to in Section 4.2(c)(i)), (B) the charter and by-laws of the  Parent
or the Merger Sub or (C) any contract, agreement, indenture,  mortgage, deed
of trust, note, bond, franchise, lease, plan, license or  other instrument,
arrangement or other obligation binding upon the  Parent or the Merger Sub,
or to which the property of the Parent or the  Merger Sub is subject, except
in the case of clause (A) or (C) as would  not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect with  respect to the Parent.   (d) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.2(d) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, as
of the date hereof, there are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings or
investigations pending or, to the Parent\'s Knowledge, threatened against the
Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent, or any properties or rights of the
Parent or any Subsidiaries of the Parent, before any Governmental Authority
that (i) seek to question, delay or prevent the consummation of the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) would reasonably be
expected to affect adversely the ability of the Parent to fulfill its
obligations hereunder, including the Parent\'s obligations under Article II
and Article III.    38  42  (e) Board Approval of the Parent. The Board
of Directors of the Parent, by resolutions duly adopted at a meeting duly
called and held and not subsequently rescinded or modified in any way, has
duly (i) determined that this Agreement and the Merger are in the best
interests of the Parent and its stockholders; and (ii) approved this
Agreement and the Merger.   (f) Board Approval of the Merger Sub. The Board
of Directors of the Merger Sub, by resolutions duly adopted without a meeting
by unanimous consent thereto in writing and not subsequently rescinded or
modified in any way, has duly (i) determined that this Agreement and the
Merger are advisable and in the best interest of the Merger Sub and its
stockholder, (ii) approved this Agreement and the Merger and (iii)
recommended that the stockholder of the Merger Sub adopt this Agreement.
Following the adoption of such resolutions by the Board of Directors of the
Merger Sub, the sole stockholder of the Merger Sub, without a meeting by
consent in writing, has duly adopted this Agreement.   (g) No Other Vote
Required. No vote of the holders of any class or series of the capital stock
of the Parent and, except as provided in Section 4.2(f), any Subsidiary of
the Parent is necessary to approve this Agreement, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby.   (h) Brokerage or Finder\'s Fees. The
Parent has not incurred any liability to any broker, finder or agent for any
fees, commissions or similar compensation with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (i) No Company Capital Stock. Neither of
the Parent or the Merger Sub owns or holds directly or indirectly any shares
of Company Common Stock or any other capital stock of the Company, or any
options, warrants or other rights to acquire any shares of Company Common
Stock or any other capital stock of the Company, or in each case, any
interests therein, other than pursuant to the Merger as contemplated by this
Agreement or pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement.   (j) Financing. The
Parent has and will have available, prior to the Effective Time, sufficient
funds to pay the Merger Consideration and the Option Consideration pursuant
to this Agreement.   (k) No Business Activities. The Merger Sub has not
conducted any activities other than in connection with its organization, the
negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby. The Merger Sub has no Subsidiaries.  
ARTICLE V   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   5.1 Covenants of
the Company. During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing
until the Effective Time, the Company agrees as to itself and its
Subsidiaries that (except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this
Agreement or as otherwise    39  43 indicated under separate headings in
Schedule 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or to the extent that the
Parent (in its sole discretion) shall otherwise consent in writing):   (a)
Ordinary Course.   (i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall  (and
shall cause the Funds to), and the Company shall use its  commercially
reasonable efforts to cause each of Index LLC, TII, TMRM  and FITX to, carry
on their respective businesses in the usual, regular  and ordinary course in
the same manner as heretofore conducted, and, to  the extent consistent
therewith, shall (and shall cause the Funds to)  use all reasonable best
efforts to, and the Company shall use its  commercially reasonable efforts to
cause each of Index LLC, TII, TMRM  and FITX to, preserve intact their
present lines of business, business  organizations and reputations, maintain
their rights, franchises and  permits, keep available the services of their
key officers and key  employees, maintain their assets and properties in good
working order  and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and preserve
their  relationships and goodwill with clients, suppliers and others having 
business dealings with them to the end that their ongoing businesses  shall
not be impaired in any material respect at the Effective Time.   (ii) The
Company shall not, and shall not permit any  of its Subsidiaries or the Funds
to, and the Company shall use its  commercially reasonable efforts to cause
each of Index LLC, TII, TMRM  and FITX not to, (A) enter into any new
material line of business, (B)  commit to any capital expenditures other than
capital expenditures in  the usual, regular and ordinary course of business
consistent with past  practice and not individually or in the aggregate in
excess of  $100,000, or (C) delay or postpone the payment of accounts payable
and  other liabilities or accelerate the collection of accounts receivable, 
or revalue in any material respect any of its assets, including,  without
limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing-off  notes or
accounts receivable other than in each case in the usual,  regular and
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice  or as required by
GAAP;   (b) Dividends; Changes in Share Capital. The Company shall not, and
shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall not propose to, (i)
declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make other distributions
in respect of any of its ownership interests, (ii) split, combine, subdivide
or reclassify any of its ownership interests or issue or authorize or propose
the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
substitution for, ownership interests, (iii) adopt a plan of complete or
partial liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such
liquidation or a dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization, (iv) directly or indirectly
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any ownership interests or any
securities convertible into or exercisable for any ownership interests
except, subject to and in accordance with Applicable Law, for the purchase
from time to time by the Company of Company Common Stock in the usual,
regular and ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
in connection with funding the Tremont Advisers, Inc. Savings Plan, or (v)
make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect of any
shares of its capital stock or other    40  44 ownership interests or
otherwise make any payments to stockholders or equityholders in their
capacity as such.   (c) Issuance of Securities. The Company shall not, and
shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause each of Index LLC, TII, TMRM and FITX not to,
issue, deliver or sell, or authorize or propose the issuance, delivery or
sale of, any ownership interests of any class, or enter into any agreement
with respect to any ownership interests, other than the issuance of Company
Common Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock Options outstanding on the
date hereof or in connection with the Tremont Advisers, Inc. Savings Plan in
accordance with its present terms or the issuance of ownership interests by
FITX in connection with capital-raising activities consistent with past
practice.   (d) Governing Documents. The Company shall not, and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries or the Funds to, and shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of Index LLC, TII, TMRM and
FITX not to, amend or propose to amend their respective certificates of
incorporation, by-laws or other governing documents.   (e) No Acquisitions.
The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of Index LLC,
TII, TMRM and FITX not to, acquire or agree to acquire by merging or
consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a
substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or
any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or
division thereof or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets (other
than the acquisition of assets used in the operations of their respective
businesses in the usual, regular and ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice).   (f) No Dispositions. Other than dispositions made in
the usual, regular and ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and not individually or in the aggregate in excess of $100,000, the
Company shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary of the Company to, and
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of Index LLC,
TII, TMRM and FITX not to, sell, lease, transfer, pledge, encumber or
otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease, transfer, encumber or
otherwise dispose of, any of its assets (including ownership interests of
Subsidiaries of the Company).   (g) Investments; Indebtedness. The Company
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of Index LLC, TII, TMRM and
FITX not to, (i) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
investments in, any other Person, (ii) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims,
liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, or
otherwise), other than payments, discharges or satisfactions incurred or
committed to in the usual, regular and ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice or reflected in the most recent consolidated financial
statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the most recent
Regulatory Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, or (iii)
create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness, guarantees, loans
or advances not in existence as of the date of this Agreement except for
short-term indebtedness incurred under the Company\'s current short-term
facilities (and any replacements thereof) in the    41  45 usual, regular
and ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and which is
not individually or in the aggregate in excess of $500,000 and is reasonably
expected by the Company to be repaid by the Company from cash from continuing
operations within 12 months of the incurrence thereof in each case as such
facilities and other existing indebtedness may be amended,
extended, modified, refunded, renewed, refinanced or replaced after the date
of this Agreement, but only if the aggregate principal amount thereof is not
increased thereby, the term thereof is not extended thereby (or, in the case
of replacement indebtedness, the term of such indebtedness is not for a
longer period of time than the period of time applicable to the indebtedness
so replaced) and the other terms and conditions thereof, taken as a whole,
are not less advantageous to the Company and its Subsidiaries than those in
existence as of the date of this Agreement.   (h) Compensation. The Company
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of Index LLC, TII, TMRM and
FITX not to, (i) make any increase in or commitment to increase the amount of
wages, bonus, severance or other compensation of any executive officer,
director or employee (except with respect to normal base wage and base salary
increases that are granted in the usual, regular and ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice in connection with normal periodic
performance reviews and related compensation and benefit increases (but not
to officers and directors of the Company or its Subsidiaries); provided that
the Company shall notify the Parent in writing prior to any such increases),
(ii) make any increase in or commitment to increase any profit sharing,
retirement, deferred compensation, insurance or other employee benefits,
(iii) issue any additional Company Stock Options, equity-based awards or
shares of Company Common Stock (other than the issuance of Company Common
Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock Options outstanding on the date
hereof or in connection with the Tremont Advisers, Inc. Savings Plan in
accordance with its present terms), adopt or make any commitment to
enter into, adopt, amend in any material manner or terminate any Benefit
Plan, or any other agreement, arrangement, plan or policy between the Company
or one of its Subsidiaries and one or more of its directors, officers or
employees, (iv) make any contribution, other than regularly scheduled
contributions, to any Benefit Plan or (v) adopt, approve, ratify or enter
into any collective bargaining agreement, side letter, memorandum of
understanding or similar agreement with any labor union covering the
employees of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries.   (i) Accounting
Methods; Income Tax Matters. Except as required by a Governmental Authority,
the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change
its methods of accounting in effect at December 31, 2000, except as required
by changes in GAAP as concurred in by the Company\'s independent auditors.
The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i)
change its fiscal year, (ii) make or rescind any material Tax election, (iii)
settle or compromise any material claim, action, suit, litigation,
proceeding, arbitration, investigation, audit, or controversy in respect of
Taxes or (iv) change in any material respect any of its methods of reporting
income, deductions or accounting for federal income Tax purposes from those
employed in the preparation of its federal income Tax Return for the taxable
year ending December 31, 2000.   (j) Contracts. The Company shall not, and
shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i) except as expressly
contemplated or expressly permitted in this Section 5.1, enter    42 
46 into any Company Contract, other than in the usual, regular and ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, enter into a contract that
would constitute a Material Contract amend in any material respect any of the
Material Contracts, (ii) enter into any Company Contract providing for, or
amend any Company Contract to provide for, the taking of any action that
would be prohibited hereunder, (iii) enter into any Company Contract that
would be or would purport to be valid and legally binding on the Parent or
any of its Affiliates (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) upon, and
at any time after, the Closing, including without limitation any that limits
or otherwise restricts the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
successor thereto or that could, after the Closing, limit or restrict the
Surviving Corporation and its Affiliates (including but not limited to the
Parent or its Affiliates) or any successor thereto, from engaging or
competing in any line of business, in any geographic area or otherwise or
with any Person, or (iv) terminate, amend, modify or waive any provision of
any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which it is a party. The
Company shall, and shall cause any Subsidiary to, take all steps necessary to
enforce, to the fullest extent permitted under Applicable Law, the provisions
of any Material Contract or any confidentiality or standstill agreements to
which it is a party.   (k) Compromise; Settlement. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries shall settle or compromise any pending or threatened
claims or arbitrations, other than settlements that involve solely the
payment of money (without admission of liability) that would not result in an
uninsured payment by or liability of the Company in excess of $100,000 in the
aggregate above the reserves established therefor on the books of the Company
as of the date hereof.   (l) Other Actions. The Company shall not, and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, take any action that would, or fail to
take any action which failure would, or that could reasonably be expected to,
result in, (i) any of the Company\'s representations and warranties set forth
in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect, (ii) a
material breach of any provision of this Agreement, (iii) any of the
conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VI not being satisfied, or (iv)
a material delay in the consummation of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (m) The Company shall not, and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, authorize or enter into any agreement to
do any of the foregoing in this Section 5.1.   5.2 Advisory Agreement
Consents.   (a) The Company shall obtain written consent to the
assignment or deemed assignment of each Advisory Agreement to which
either:   (i) a Fund that is organized in any jurisdiction  within the
United States; or   (ii) a Fund that is controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the Company and that is organized in any jurisdiction  outside
of the United States is a party.    43  47  (b) The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to obtain written consent to the assignment or deemed
assignment of each Advisory Agreement to which a Fund, other than any Fund
described in either Section 5.2(a)(i) or 5.2(a)(ii), is a party.   (c) The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain written consent to
the assignment or deemed assignment of (i) each Advisory Agreement with
respect to which, as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby,
written consent to its assignment or deemed assignment is expressly required
by such Advisory Agreement and (ii) each Advisory Agreement to which a Key
Client is a party (in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) of this
Section 5.2(c), other than any Advisory Agreement described in Section 5.2(a)
or (b)); provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to take
any actions in attempting to obtain the written consent of any client
that could, in the good faith judgment of the Company, adversely affect the
client relationship.   (d) As soon as reasonably practicable following the
date hereof, the Company shall send (or cause to be sent) a notice in form
and substance acceptable to the Parent (the "Notice") to any Person to whom
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries renders investment management or
investment advisory services requesting written consent to the assignment of
each Advisory Agreement and informing the party to such Advisory Agreement:
(x) of the intention to complete such transactions, which will result in a
deemed assignment of such Advisory Agreement; and (y) of the Company\'s
intention to continue to provide the advisory services pursuant to the
existing Advisory Agreement with such party after the Closing. The Parent
shall be provided a reasonable opportunity to review all such consent
materials to be used by the Company prior to distribution.   (e) The Parent
agrees that, in the case of each Advisory Agreement other than any Advisory
Agreement described in Section 5.2(a), 5.2(b) or 5.2(c), consent to the
assignment or deemed assignment of such Advisory Agreement resulting from the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed given for all
purposes under this Agreement if the party to such Advisory Agreement shall
not have affirmatively stated prior to the Effective Time to the Company or
any Subsidiary thereof that it does not consent to such assignment or deemed
assignment or intends to terminate such Advisory Agreement and at least
forty-five (45) days have elapsed since the mailing of Notice to such party
pursuant to Section 5.2(d).   (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the covenants of the parties contained in this Section 5.2
are intended only for the benefit of the parties and for no other Person.  
5.3 Acquisition Proposals.   (a) The Company shall not, and shall cause each
of its Subsidiaries, and its and any such Subsidiaries\' respective
Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) initiate, solicit,
encourage or knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing information
or assistance) any inquiries or expressions of interest or the making of any
proposal or offer that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead
to (x) a proposal or offer with respect to a merger, reorganization, share
exchange, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, consolidation or
similar    44  48 transaction involving, or any purchase or series of
related purchases directly or indirectly (including, by way of lease,
exchange, sale, mortgage, pledge, tender offer, exchange offer or otherwise,
as may be applicable), of 5% or more of the assets (based on fair market
value) or any equity interests (in economic or voting power) in, the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (y) a breach of this Agreement or the
Stockholders Agreement or any interference with the completion of the Merger
or (z) any public announcement of a proposal, plan or intention to do any of
the foregoing or any agreement to engage in any of the foregoing (any of the
foregoing inquiries, expressions of interest, proposals, or offers being
referred to in this Agreement as an "Acquisition Proposal"), (ii) engage in
any negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential information or data
to, or have any discussions with, any Person relating to an Acquisition
Proposal, or otherwise facilitate the making of, or any effort or attempt to
make or implement, an Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) agree to or recommend to
its stockholders any Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that nothing
contained in this Section 5.3 shall prevent the Company from (i), based on
the advice of outside legal counsel, complying with Rule 14e-2
promulgated under the Exchange Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal or
providing any other legally required disclosure to the stockholders of the
Company (provided that, except as otherwise permitted in this Section 5.3,
the Company does not withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify,
its position with respect to the Merger or approve or recommend, or propose
to approve or recommend, an Acquisition Proposal), (ii) prior to receipt of
the Required Company Vote, and subject to compliance by the Company with the
immediately following sentence, providing information to, or engaging in any
negotiations or discussions with, any Person who has made an unsolicited bona
fide written Acquisition Proposal if, and only to the extent that (A) the
Board of Directors of the Company determines, in good faith after
consultation with, and based upon the advice of, outside legal counsel, that
providing such information and engaging in such discussions or negotiations
is required to comply with its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s
stockholders under Applicable Law, (B) such Acquisition Proposal is not
subject to any financing contingencies, (C) the Board of Directors determines
in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal, if accepted, is reasonably
likely to be consummated taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory
and other aspects of the proposal and the Person making the proposal, and
believes in good faith, after consultation with the Company
Financial Advisor, would, if consummated, result in a transaction more
favorable to the Company\'s stockholders from a financial point of view than
the Merger (any such more favorable Acquisition Proposal, a "Superior
Proposal") and (D) prior to taking such action and furnishing any information
to any such party, the Company (x) provides reasonable notice to the Parent
to the effect that it is taking such action, (y) provides such information to
the Parent (if and to the extent it has not already done so), and (z) shall
have entered into a confidentiality/standstill agreement on customary terms
as advised by outside legal counsel, and in any event containing terms at
least as stringent as those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, or
(iii) prior to receipt of the Required Company Vote, recommending such a
Superior Proposal to the holders of Company Common Stock and withdrawing the
prior recommendation of this Agreement, if and only to the extent that, in
each case referred to in clause (ii) or (iii) above, the Board of Directors
of the Company determines, in good faith after consultation with, and based
upon the advice of, outside legal counsel, that taking such action is
required to comply with its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s stockholders
under Applicable Law; provided, however, the Board of Directors of the
Company may not approve or recommend (and in connection therewith, withdraw
or modify its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger) an
Acquisition Proposal unless such an Acquisition Proposal is a Superior
Proposal (and the Company shall have first    45  49 terminated this
Agreement in accordance with, and complied with its obligations set forth in,
Section 7.1(g) and the time period referred to in Section 7.1(g) has
expired). Prior to providing any information to or entering into
discussions or negotiations with any Person in connection with an Acquisition
Proposal by such Person, the Company shall notify the Parent immediately
(orally and in writing) if any such inquiries, proposals or offers are
received by, any such information is requested from, or any such discussions
or negotiations are sought to be initiated or continued with, any of its
Representatives indicating, in connection with such notice, the name of such
Person and the material terms and conditions of any proposals or offers and
thereafter shall keep the Parent reasonably and promptly informed on the
status and terms of any such proposals or offers and provide the Parent with
a copy of any written Acquisition Proposal and all amendments and supplements
thereto and the status of any such discussions or negotiations. The Company
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of the Company\'s
and such Subsidiaries\' Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations conducted prior to the
date of this Agreement with any parties other than the Parent and the Merger
Sub with respect to any of the foregoing. The Company agrees that it will
immediately take the necessary steps to inform promptly the individuals or
entities referred to in the first sentence of this Section 5.3(a) of the
obligations undertaken in this Section 5.3(a).   (b) Neither the Board of
Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or
modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to the
Parent, the approval or recommendation by such Board of Directors or such
committee of the Merger or this Agreement, (ii) approve or recommend, or
propose publicly to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii)
cause the Company to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
acquisition agreement or other similar agreement related to any Acquisition
Proposal, except in each case, in connection with a Superior Proposal and
subject to compliance with Sections 5.3(a) and 7.1(g).   5.4 Obtaining
Required Company Vote. The Company shall, as promptly as practicable
following the execution of this Agreement, take all action necessary in
accordance with Applicable Law and its certificate of incorporation and by-
laws to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold as soon as
practicable after the date of this Agreement a meeting of its stockholders
for the purpose of obtaining the Required Company Vote with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, except in connection with a
Superior Proposal and subject to compliance with Sections 5.3(a) and 7.1(g),
shall take all lawful action to solicit the adoption of this Agreement by the
Required Company Vote and the Board of Directors of the Company shall
recommend adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company agrees that its
obligations pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.4 shall not be
affected by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or
communication to the Company of an Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, regardless of whether the Board of Directors of the Company has
withdrawn, amended or modified its recommendation that its stockholders
approve and adopt this Agreement, unless this Agreement has been terminated
pursuant to the provisions of Article VII, the Company shall be required to
hold such a meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of obtaining the
Required Company Vote.    46  50  5.5 Access to Information. Upon
reasonable notice, the Company shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to)
afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
and other Representatives of the Parent reasonable access during normal
business hours, during the period prior to the Effective Time, to all its
facilities, operations, officers, employees, agents and accountants and its
properties, books, contracts, commitments and records and, during such
period, the Company shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to) furnish
promptly to the Parent (i) a copy of each report, schedule, form, statement
and other document filed or deemed to be filed, published, announced or
received by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of Federal
or state Securities Laws, as applicable; and (ii) each report, schedule,
form, statement and other document filed or deemed to be filed with any
other Governmental Authority (other than, in the case of clause (i) or (ii),
documents which such party is not permitted to disclose under Applicable
Laws), and (iii) consistent with its legal obligations, all other information
concerning its business, properties and personnel as the Parent may
reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company may restrict the
foregoing access to the extent that (x) a Governmental Authority requires the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to restrict access to any properties or
information reasonably related to any such contract on the basis of
Applicable Laws with respect to national security matters or (y) any
Applicable Law requires the Company or its Subsidiaries to restrict access to
any properties or information.   5.6 Covenants of the Parent. During the
period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the Effective
Time, the Parent agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that (except as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise
indicated under separate headings in Schedule 5.6 of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule or to the extent that the Company (in its sole discretion) shall
otherwise consent in writing):   (a) Payment of the Merger Consideration.
The Parent shall not take any action that would, or fail to take any action
which failure would, or could reasonably be expected to, impair the Parent\'s
ability to have available sufficient funds to pay the Merger Consideration
and the Option Consideration pursuant to this Agreement and otherwise to
satisfy its obligations hereunder.   (b) Consents. The Parent shall use its
reasonable commercial efforts not take any action that would, or fail to take
any action which failure would, or could reasonably be expected to, impede or
delay any consent set forth on Schedule 4.2(c) of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule or Schedule 4.1(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or otherwise
impede or delay the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, neither the Parent nor
any of its Subsidiaries shall knowingly contact, in writing or otherwise, any
client of the Company or its Subsidiaries or any other Person who acts as an
adviser to or "gatekeeper" for any client of the Company or its Subsidiaries
with respect to matters related to this Agreement without the prior written
approval of the Company.   (c) Control of the Company\'s Business. Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to give the Parent, directly or
indirectly, the right to control or direct the Company\'s operations prior to
the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall exercise,
consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control
and supervision over its operations.    47  51  (d) Other Actions. The
Parent shall not take any action that would, or fail to take any action which
failure would, or that could reasonably be expected to, result in, (i) any of
the Parent\'s representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement
being or becoming untrue in any material respect, (ii) a material breach of
any provision of this Agreement, (iii) any of the conditions to the Merger
set forth in Article VI not being satisfied, or (iv) a material delay in the
consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (e) The Parent shall not, and shall not permit the Merger
Sub to, authorize or enter into any agreement to do any of the foregoing in
this Section 5.6.   5.7 Offers of Employment. Except as provided in the
Employment Agreements, the Parent agrees that, immediately following the
Effective Time, it will cause the Surviving Corporation to continue
employment of each of the persons then employed by the Company on terms
substantially similar to the terms of their current employment by the
Company, including, without limitation, with respect to salary, vacations and
benefits (other than equity-based arrangements or benefit plans).   5.8
Employee Benefits.   (a) Obligations of the Parent; Comparability of
Benefits. Except as provided in the Employment Agreements, the Parent shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to assume all employment and other related
agreements with respect to any current employee of Company, which shall be
performed in accordance with their terms. In addition, the obligations under
each Benefit Plan as to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any
obligation with respect to any current or former employee shall become the
obligations of the Surviving Corporation at the Effective Time; provided,
however, as soon as practicable, the Parent shall, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, provide to the Employees the same benefits which
are provided to similarly situated employees of the Parent immediately prior
to the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall
require (A) the continuation of any particular Benefit Plan or prevent the
amendment or termination thereof or (B) the Parent or the Surviving
Corporation to continue or maintain any stock purchase or other equity plan
related to the equity of Company or the Surviving Corporation or the
Parent.   (b) Pre-Existing Limitations; Deductibles; Service Credit. With
respect to any Benefit Plans of the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent in
which any current or former employees participate effective as of
the Effective Time, the Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to: (A) not impose any limitations more onerous than those
currently in effect as to pre-existing conditions, exclusions (other than
such exclusions which would cause the Parent or the Surviving Corporation to
self-insure such excluded benefits) and waiting periods with respect to
participation and coverage requirements applicable to such current or former
employees under any Benefit Plan, (B) provide each such current or former
Employee with credit for any years of service with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries acknowledged by the Benefit Plans with respect to employee
benefit plans of the Parent or any of its Affiliates with respect to
eligibility, vesting and waiting periods (but not for purposes of benefit
accrual), co-payments and deductibles paid in    48  52 accordance with
such Benefit Plans, and (C) provide each current or former Employee with
credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid in accordance with such
Benefit Plans.   5.9 Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification and
Insurance.   (a) After the Effective Time through the sixth anniversary
of the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall indemnify and hold
harmless each present or former officer, director or employee of the Company
and its Subsidiaries (when acting in such capacity), determined as of the
Effective Time (the "Indemnified Parties"), against all claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, judgments, fines and reasonable fees, costs and
expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of only one law firm for
the Indemnified Parties as a group) incurred in connection with any claim,
action, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to (A) the fact that the
Indemnified Party is or was an officer, director or employee of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) matters existing or occurring at or prior
to the Effective Time (including this Agreement and the transactions and
actions contemplated hereby; it being understood that a reduction under the
Retention Plan in the amount of the Remaining Pool as a consequence of an
Indemnification Amount (as such terms are defined in the Retention Plan)
shall not be subject to indemnification hereunder), whether asserted or
claimed prior to (and, in the case of claims, actions, proceedings or known
investigations, disclosed to the Parent in writing before the Effective
Time), at or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent that the Company
would have been permitted under Applicable Law and its certificate of
incorporation and by-laws in effect with respect to the date hereof to
indemnify such Indemnified Party. Each Indemnified Party will be entitled to
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law and the Company\'s certificate
of incorporation and by-laws on the date hereof to advancement of expenses
incurred in the defense of any claim, action, proceeding or investigation
from the Surviving Corporation; provided that any Person to whom expenses are
advanced provides an undertaking, to the extent required by the DGCL, to
repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such Person is not
entitled to indemnification.   (b) Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim
indemnification under paragraph (a) of this Section 5.9, upon learning of any
such claim, action, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify the
Surviving Corporation thereof, but the failure to so notify shall not relieve
the Surviving Corporation of any liability it may have to such Indemnified
Party to the extent such failure does not prejudice the indemnifying party.
In the event of any such claim, action, proceeding or investigation (whether
arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) the Surviving Corporation
shall have the right to assume the defense thereof and neither the Parent nor
the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to such Indemnified Parties for any
legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses subsequently incurred
by such Indemnified Parties in connection with the defense thereof, except
that if the Surviving Corporation elects not to assume such defense, the
Indemnified Parties may retain counsel satisfactory to the Surviving
Corporation, and the Surviving Corporation shall pay all reasonable fees and
expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Parties promptly as statements
therefor are received; provided, however, that the Surviving Corporation
shall be obligated pursuant to this paragraph (b) to pay for only one firm of
counsel for all Indemnified Parties, (ii) the Indemnified Parties will
cooperate in the defense of any such matter, and (iii) neither the Parent nor
the Surviving Corporation shall be liable for any settlement effected   
49  53 without the prior approval of the Surviving Corporation (which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and that neither the
Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall have any obligation hereunder to
any Indemnified Party if and when a court of competent jurisdiction shall
ultimately determine, and such determination shall have become final, that
the indemnification of such Indemnified Party in the manner contemplated
hereby is prohibited by Applicable Law.   (c) The Surviving Corporation
shall cause to be maintained in effect for a period of six years after the
Effective Time, the current policies of directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by the Company
(provided that the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies of
at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which
are, in the aggregate, no less advantageous to the insured and which policies
may include a "tail policy") with respect to claims arising from facts or
events that occurred at or before the Effective Time; provided, however, that
in no event shall the Surviving Corporation be required to expend in any one
year an amount in excess of 200% of the annual premiums currently paid by the
Company for such insurance (the most recent annual renewal of which, in the
aggregate, cost $318,338, as set forth in Schedule 4.1(q) to the Company
Disclosure Schedule); and, provided, further, that if the annual premiums of
such insurance coverage exceed such amount, the Surviving Corporation shall
be obligated to obtain a policy in its reasonable judgment with as much
coverage as can be obtained for a cost not exceeding such amount.   (d) In
the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns
(A) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the
continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger
or (B) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and
assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be
made so that the successors or assigns of the Surviving Corporation shall
succeed to the obligations set forth in this Section 5.9.   5.10 Retention
Plan and Bonus Pool. At or prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall
establish the Retention Plan for employees of the Company in the form
attached as Schedule 5.10-1 to the Company Disclosure Schedule
(the "Retention Plan") and the Bonus Pool for employees of the Company (the
"Bonus Pool"), as described in Schedule 5.10-2 to the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   5.11 Mutual Covenants of the Company and the Parent. During the
period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the Effective
Time, each of the Company and the Parent agrees as to itself and its
respective Subsidiaries that (except as expressly contemplated or permitted
by this Agreement or as otherwise indicated in Schedule 5.11 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or Section 5.11 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule or to
the extent that the other party shall otherwise consent in writing):   (a)
Preparation of Proxy Statement; Company Stockholders Meeting. As promptly as
practicable following the date hereof, the Company shall, in cooperation with
the Parent, prepare and file with the SEC the Proxy Statement. The Proxy
Statement shall comply as to form in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder, and, subject to Section 5.3, shall include a
statement that the Board of Directors finds the    50  54 Merger to be
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the Company. The Company
shall use all reasonable efforts with the Parent\'s cooperation to have the
Proxy Statement cleared by the SEC as promptly as practicable after
filing with the SEC. The Company shall, as promptly as practicable after
receipt thereof, provide copies of any written comments received from the SEC
with respect to the Proxy Statement to the Parent and advise the Parent of
any oral comments with respect to the Proxy Statement received from the SEC.
The Company shall cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to its stockholders
at the earliest practicable date following clearance of the Proxy Statement
by the SEC and, subject to Section 5.3, shall include in the Proxy Statement
the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company that the
stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the adoption of this
Agreement.   The Parent agrees that none of the information supplied or to
be supplied by the Parent for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Proxy Statement and each amendment or supplement thereto, at the time of
mailing thereof and at the time of meeting of the Company stockholders, held
for the purpose of obtaining the Required Company Vote with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company agrees
that none of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Company for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement and each
amendment or supplement thereto, at the time of mailing thereof and at the
time of the meeting of the Company stockholders, held for the purpose of
obtaining the Required Company Vote with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, will contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. For purposes of the foregoing, it
is understood and agreed that information concerning or related to the Parent
will be deemed to have been supplied by the Parent and information concerning
or related to the Company and the meeting of the Company stockholders, held
for the purpose of obtaining the Required Company Vote with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall be deemed to have been
supplied by the Company. The Company will provide the Parent and its counsel
with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Proxy Statement
and all responses to requests for additional information by and replies to
comments of the SEC prior to filing such with, or sending such to, the SEC,
and will provide the Parent and its counsel with a copy of all such filings
made with the SEC. The Company shall consider all comments provided by the
Parent in good faith and no amendment or supplement to the
information supplied by the Parent for inclusion in the Proxy Statement shall
be made without the approval of the Parent, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (b) Reasonable Best Efforts.   (i)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this  Agreement, each party will use
its reasonable best efforts to take, or  cause to be taken, all actions and
to do, or cause to be done, and to  assist and cooperate with the other
parties in doing, all things  necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable
Laws to consummate the  Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement as  soon as practicable after the date    51  55  hereof.
In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each  party hereto
agrees to make an appropriate filing of a Notification and  Report Form
pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions  contemplated hereby
as promptly as practicable after the date hereof  and to supply as promptly
as practicable any additional information and  documentary material that may
be requested pursuant to the HSR Act and  to take all other actions necessary
to cause the expiration or  termination of the applicable waiting periods
under the HSR Act as soon  as practicable.   (ii) Each of the Parent and
the Company shall, in  connection with the efforts referenced in Section
5.11(b)(i) to obtain  all requisite approvals and authorizations for the
transactions  contemplated by this Merger Agreement under the HSR Act or any
other  Applicable Law, use its reasonable best efforts to (A) make all 
appropriate filings and submissions with any Governmental Authority  that may
be necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable Laws in  respect of any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (B)  cooperate in all
respects with each other in connection with any such  filing or submission
and in connection with any investigation or other  inquiry, including any
proceeding initiated by a private party, (C)  promptly inform the other party
of any communication received by such  party from, or given by such party to,
the Antitrust Division of the  DOJ or any other Governmental Authority and of
any material  communication received or given in connection with any
proceeding by a  private party, in each case regarding any of the
transactions  contemplated hereby and (D) consult with each other in advance
of any  meeting or conference with the DOJ or any such other Governmental 
Authority or, in connection with any proceeding by a private party,  with any
other Person.   (iii) In furtherance and not in limitation of the 
covenants of the parties contained in Sections 5.11(b)(i) and  5.4(b)(ii), if
any administrative or judicial action or proceeding,  including any
proceeding by a private party, is instituted (or  threatened to be
instituted) challenging any transaction contemplated  by this Agreement as
violative of any Applicable Law, each of the  Parent and the Company shall
cooperate in all respects with each other  and use its respective reasonable
best efforts to contest and resist  any such action or proceeding and to have
vacated, lifted, reversed or  overturned any decree, judgment, injunction or
other order, whether  temporary, preliminary or permanent, that is in effect
and that  prohibits, prevents or restricts consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any  other
provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Section 5.11(b)  shall limit a
party\'s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section 7.1(b) or
7.1(c) so long as such party has up to then complied  in all respects with
its obligations under this Section 5.4(c).   (c) Employee Benefits Matters.
The Company and the Parent agree that, for purposes of the Benefit Plans, the
approval or consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
as applicable, shall constitute a "Change in Control", as applicable under
such Benefit Plans.   (d) Fees and Expenses. Whether or not the Merger
is consummated, all Expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall    52  56 be paid by the
party incurring such Expenses, except (i) if the Merger is consummated, the
Surviving Corporation shall pay, or cause to be paid, any and all property or
transfer taxes imposed on the Company or its Subsidiaries and (ii) as
provided in Section 7.3. As used in this Agreement, "Expenses" includes all
out-of-pocket expenses (including all fees and expenses of
counsel, accountants, investment bankers, experts and consultants to a party
hereto and its Affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection
with or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Proxy
Statement and the solicitation of stockholder approvals and all other matters
related to the transactions contemplated hereby.   (e) Confidentiality.
Each of the Company and the Parent will hold any information constituting
Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement, dated
March 14, 2001, as amended, between the Company and OppenheimerFunds, Inc.
(the "Confidentiality Agreement")) provided to the other, including the
information under Section 5.5 that is Confidential Information, in confidence
to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the provisions of the
Confidentiality Agreement.   (f) Public Announcements. The Company and the
Parent shall use all reasonable efforts to develop a joint communications
plan and each party shall use all reasonable efforts (i) to ensure that all
press releases and other public statements with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be consistent with such joint communications plan,
and (ii) unless otherwise required by Applicable Law or by obligations
pursuant to any listing agreement with or rules of any securities exchange,
to consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise
making any public statement with respect to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (g) Takeover Statutes. If any anti-
takeover or similar statute or regulation is or may become applicable to the
transactions contemplated hereby, each of the Parent and the Company and its
Board of Directors shall grant such approvals and take all such actions as
are legally permissible so that the transactions contemplated hereby may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and
otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of any such statute or
regulation on the transactions contemplated hereby.   5.12 Revenue Run
Rate. On or prior to the 15th Business Day following the end of each month
prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall provide to the Parent a
certificate of the Company\'s chief financial officer setting forth the
Revenue Run-Rate as of such month-end (which shall include the details of the
Company\'s calculations and the Company\'s confirmation that such
Revenue Run-Rate has been calculated according to the methodology mutually
agreed upon prior to the date hereof by the Parent and the Company (as set
forth in Schedule II hereto) (each, a "Monthly Run-Rate Schedule"). No later
than five Business Days after receipt of such schedule, the Parent may notify
the Company of any disagreement it may have with the information set forth in
such Monthly Run-Rate Schedule and the reasons for such disagreement. The
Parent and the Company will work in good faith to resolve any such
disagreement and mutually agree on the amount of the Revenue Run-Rate as of
such month-end within the following period of five Business Days.    53 
57  5.13 Tangible Net Worth. On or prior to the 15th Business Day
following the end of each month (commencing with August 2001) prior to the
Closing Date, the Company shall provide to the Parent a certificate of the
Company\'s chief financial officer setting forth the Tangible Net Worth as of
such month-end (which shall include the details of the Company\'s
calculations and the Company\'s confirmation that such Tangible Net Worth has
been calculated according to the methodology mutually agreed upon prior to
the date hereof by the Parent and the Company (as set forth in Schedule III
hereto) (each, a "Monthly Tangible Net Worth Schedule"). No later than five
Business Days after receipt of such Monthly Tangible Net Worth Schedule, the
Parent may notify the Company of any disagreement it may have with the
information set forth in such schedule and the reasons for such disagreement.
The Parent and the Company will work in good faith to resolve any such
disagreement and mutually agree on the amount of the Tangible Net Worth as of
such month-end within the following period of five Business Days.   5.14
Employment Agreements. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
enter into amendments, satisfactory to the Parent, to the
employment agreements prior to the Effective Date with the executives
specified on Schedule 5.14 to the Parent Disclosure Schedule.   ARTICLE
VI   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to
Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of the Company, the Parent and
the Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder
Approval. The Company shall have obtained the Required Company Vote for the
adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders of Company.   (b) No
Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No federal, state, local or foreign,
if any, Applicable Law shall have been adopted or promulgated, and no
temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
order issued by a court or other Governmental Authority of competent
jurisdiction shall be in effect, having the effect of making the Merger
illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger.   (c) HSR Act;
Governmental and Self-Regulatory Organization Approvals. The waiting period
(and any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall
have been terminated or shall have expired, and the written consents set
forth on Schedule 6.1(c) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule shall have been
received and shall be in full force and effect.   6.2 Additional Conditions
to Obligations of Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction of, or waiver by the Company, at or
prior to the Closing of the following additional conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of
the Parent and the Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects (other than any representation or warranty,
or any portion of a representation or    54  58 warranty, that is
qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which representations
and warranties (or such portions thereof) shall be true and correct in all
respects), as if such representations or warranties were made as of the
Effective Time, except (i) to the extent given as of a certain date and (ii)
for changes specifically permitted by this Agreement, and the Company
shall have received a certificate of the chief executive officer and the
chief financial officer of the Parent to such effect.   (b) Performance of
Obligations of the Parent. The Parent shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all agreements and covenants required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and the Company
shall have received a certificate of the chief financial officer and one
other executive officer of the Parent to such effect.   (c) Retention Plan
and Bonus Pool. The Parent shall have taken all action necessary to ensure
that the Retention Plan and the Bonus Pool shall be in full force and effect
following the Effective Time.   6.3 Additional Conditions to Obligations of
the Parent and the Merger Sub. The obligations of the Parent and the Merger
Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of, or waiver by the
Parent, at or prior to the Closing of the following additional
conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Each of
the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement
shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than any
representation or warranty, or any portion of a representation or warranty,
that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which
representations and warranties (or such portions thereof) shall be true and
correct in all respects), as if such representations or warranties were made
as of the Effective Time, except (i) to the extent given as of a certain date
and (ii) for changes specifically permitted by this Agreement, and the Parent
shall have received a certificate of the co-chief executive officers and the
chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.   (b) Performance of
Obligations of Company. The Company shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all agreements and covenants required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and the Parent
shall have received a certificate of the chief executive officer and the
chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.   (c) No Material
Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have
occurred any event or circumstance that shall have caused, or would be
reasonably likely to cause, a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the
Company.   (d) Revenue Run-Rate. The Closing Revenue Run-Rate shall not be
less than 85% of the Base Revenue Run-Rate.   (e) Employment Agreements. The
Employment Agreements, between OppenheimerFunds, Inc. and the individuals
listed on Schedule 6.3(e) of the Parent Disclosure    55  59 Schedule
(the "Key Employees") shall be in full force and effect, the Parent shall not
be aware of any basis that would reasonably be expected to cause any of such
agreements to no longer be in full force and effect, and none of the
Key Employees shall have died, become incapacitated or otherwise not be in
a position to perform his or her obligations thereunder.   (f) Dissenters.
The Dissenting Shares shall constitute not more than ten percent (10%) of the
Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.  
(g) Retention Plan and Bonus Pool. The Retention Plan and the Bonus Pool
shall have been adopted by the Company and shall be in full force
and effect.   ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION   7.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior
to the Effective Time (except as provided below), notwithstanding any
approval of this Agreement by the Required Company Vote:   (a) By mutual
written consent of the Parent and the Company, by action of their respective
Boards of Directors;   (b) By either the Company or the Parent, by written
notice to the other party if the Merger has not been consummated as of
December 31, 2001 (the "Termination Date"); provided, however, that the right
to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not be available
to any party whose failure to fulfill in any material respect any obligation
under this Agreement has caused or resulted in the failure of the Effective
Time to occur on or before the Termination Date;   (c) By either the
Company or the Parent, if there shall be any law or regulation that
materially restricts the consummation of the Merger or makes consummation of
the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or if any judgment, injunction,
order or decree enjoining the Parent or the Company from consummating the
Merger is entered and such judgment, injunction, order or decree shall become
final and nonappealable; provided that the terminating party has fulfilled
its obligations under Section 5.11(b);   (d) By the Parent, if (i) the Board
of Directors of the Company shall have (A) failed to recommend, (B) failed to
reconfirm its recommendation of this Agreement within three Business Days
after a written request by the Parent to do so, (C) withdrawn or modified or
changed, in a manner adverse to the Parent, its approval or recommendation of
this Agreement or the Merger, whether or not permitted by the terms hereof,
(D) failed to call a meeting of the Company stockholders for the purpose of
obtaining the Required Company Vote with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or (E) recommended an Acquisition Proposal,
(ii) the Required Company Vote shall not have been obtained on or prior to
December 30, 2001, or (iii) a tender offer or exchange offer for 15% or more
of the outstanding Company Common Stock is commenced, and the Board of
Directors of the Company fails to recommend against acceptance of    56 
60 such tender offer or exchange offer by the stockholders of the Company
within the time period required pursuant to Rule 14e-2 of the Exchange Act
(or the Board of Directors of the Company shall resolve or fail to resolve,
as applicable, to do any of the foregoing);   (e) By the Parent, if the
condition set forth in Section 6.3(e) shall have become incapable of
fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Parent;   (f) By either
the Company or the Parent, if there shall have been a breach by the other
party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations
contained in this Agreement, which breach would result in the failure to
satisfy one or more of the conditions set forth in Article VI and in such
case such breach shall be incapable of being cured, or, if capable of being
cured, shall not have been cured within 30 days after written notice thereof
shall have been received by the party alleged to be in breach;
provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 7.1(f) shall not be available to the Company or the Parent, if
such party, at such time, is in material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement; or   (g) By
the Company, at any time that the Company is not in material breach of
Section 5.3 and prior to the time at which the Required Company Vote shall
have been obtained if (i) after receiving a bona fide Superior Proposal, the
Board of Directors of the Company determines, in good faith and after
consulting with, and based upon the advice of, outside legal counsel, that
taking such action is required to comply with its fiduciary duties to the
Company\'s stockholders under Applicable Law, (ii) the Board of Directors of
the Company notifies the Parent and Merger Sub in writing that it intends
to enter into such agreement, attaching the most current version of such
agreement to such notice, (iii) during the five Business Days following
receipt of the Company\'s written notification of its intention, (A) the
Company shall have negotiated with, and shall have caused its financial and
legal advisors to have negotiated with, the Parent to attempt to make such
commercially reasonable adjustments in the terms and conditions of this
Agreement as would enable the Company to proceed with the transactions
contemplated herein, and (B) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have
determined, after considering the results of such negotiations and any
revised proposals made by the Parent, that any Superior Proposal giving rise
to the Company\'s notice continues to be a Superior Proposal, (iv)
simultaneously with such termination the Company pays to the Parent in
immediately available funds the Termination Fee and Expenses described in
Section 7.3, and (v) such termination (A) is within two Business Days
after the termination of the five-Business Day period referred to in clause
(iii) above and (B) takes place prior to receipt of the Required Company
Vote. The Company agrees that it will not enter into a binding agreement or
consummate the transaction constituting a Superior Proposal referred to in
clause (iii) above until at least the sixth Business Day after it has
provided the notice to the Parent required thereby.  The party desiring to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to clause (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) of
this Section 7.1 shall give written notice of such termination to the other
party in accordance with Section 8.4, specifying the provision hereof
pursuant to which such termination is effected.    57  61  7.2 Effect of
Termination. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1, this
Agreement shall become void and of no effect with no liability on the part of
any party hereto, except (i) as set forth in Section 7.3, (ii) that the
agreements contained in this Section 7.2, in Section 5.11(d), and in the
Confidentiality Agreement (other than the provisions of paragraphs 7 and
9 therein, which paragraphs, the parties thereto hereby agree, shall be of
no further force and effect upon termination of this Agreement) shall survive
the termination hereof and (iii) no such termination shall relieve any party
of any liability or damages resulting from any willful breach by that party
of this Agreement.   7.3 Payment by the Company.   (a) In the event that
(i) this Agreement is terminated by the Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(d) or
Section 7.1(e) (other than pursuant to Section 7.1(e), by reason of death of
any of the individuals referred to in Section 6.3(e) or by the Company
pursuant to Section 7.1(g), or (ii) if within 18 months of the termination of
this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(b) any Acquisition
Proposal by a third party is entered into, agreed to or consummated by the
Company, then, in any such event, the Company shall pay the Parent a fee of
$5,800,000 (the "Termination Fee") (which amount shall be payable by wire
transfer in immediately available funds to an account designated by the
Parent) on the date of such termination, in the case of clause (i), or the
earlier of the date an agreement is entered into with respect to
an Acquisition Proposal or an Acquisition Proposal is consummated in the case
of clause (ii).   (b) In the event that the Parent terminates this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(f), then the Company shall pay in same-day
funds to the Parent, within two-Business Days after demand is made by the
Parent, the Parent\'s Expenses. No such payment to the Parent will be deemed
to affect or limit any claims that the Parent may have under Applicable Law
in respect of such termination.   (c) The Company acknowledges that the
agreements contained in this Section 7.3 are critical provisions of the
transactions contemplated hereby and that without these agreements the Parent
and Merger Sub would not enter into this Agreement. Accordingly, if the
Company fails to pay promptly the Termination Fee due pursuant to this
Section 7.3(a) and, in order to obtain such payment, the Parent or Merger Sub
commences litigation which results in a judgement against the Company for the
Termination Fee, the Company shall pay to the Parent its costs and expenses
(including attorneys\' fees) in connection with such litigation, together
with interest on the amount of the Termination Fee at the prime rate of
Citibank, N.A., in effect on the date and from the date such amounts were
originally required to have been paid.   ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL
PROVISIONS   8.1 Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements.
None of the representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements in
this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
including any rights arising out of any breach of such representations,
warranties, covenants and other agreements, shall survive the Effective Time,
except    58  62 as otherwise contemplated by the Retention Plan and for
those covenants and agreements contained herein and therein that by their
terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Effective
Time. Nothing in this Section 8.1 shall relieve any party for any breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement in this Agreement
occurring prior to termination.   8.2 Amendment. This Agreement may be
amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their
respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after approval of the
matters presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of the
Company and the Merger Sub, but, after any such approval, no amendment shall
be made which by Applicable Law or in accordance with the rules of any
relevant stock exchange requires further approval by such stockholders
without such further approval. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.   8.3
Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties
hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards
of Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties
hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (c) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any
agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall
be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such
party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights
under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those
rights.   8.4 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing (including telecopy or other similar writing) and shall be
deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or by
telecopy or telefacsimile, upon confirmation of receipt, (b) on the first
Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered by a recognized
next-day courier service, (c) on the tenth Business Day following the date of
mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid or (d) if given by any other means, when received
at the address specified in this Section 8.4, except, in each case, for a
notice of a change of address, which shall be effective only upon receipt
thereof. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or
pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the
party to receive such notice:   (a) If to the Parent or the Merger Sub,
to   Oppenheimer Acquisition Corp.  Attn: President  Two World Trade
Center  New York, New York 10048-0203  Facsimile: (212) 323-0280 
Telephone: (212) 323-0200   with a copies to    59  63  Oppenheimer
Acquisition Corp.  Attn: General Counsel  Two World Trade Center  New York,
New York 10048-0203  Facsimile: (212) 321-1159  Telephone: (212)
323-0200   Howard Chatzinoff, Esq.  Jeffrey E. Tabak, Esq.  Weil, Gotshal
and Manges LLP  767 Fifth Avenue  New York, New York 10153-0119  Facsimile:
(212) 310-8007  Telephone: (212) 310-8000   (b) If to the Company to  
Tremont Advisers, Inc.  Attn: President  555 Theodore Fremd Avenue, Suite
206C  Rye, New York 10580  Facsimile: (914) 921-3499  Telephone: (914)
925-1140   with a copy to   Ralph Arditi, Esq.  Russell G. D\'Oench,
Esq.  Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP  Four Times Square  New
York, New York 10036-6522  Facsimile: (212) 735-2000  Telephone: (212)
735-3000   8.5 Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement
to Sections, Annexes or Schedules, such reference shall be to a Section of or
Annex or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of
contents, glossary of defined terms and headings contained in this Agreement
are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes"
or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be
followed by the words "without limitation". The inclusion of any matter in
the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Parent Disclosure Schedule in
connection with any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement that is
qualified as to materiality or "Material Adverse Effect" shall not be an
admission by the party delivering such disclosure schedule that such matter
is material or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.    60  64  8.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
two or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when each party shall have received
counterparts hereof signed by all other parties hereto, it being understood
that the parties need not sign the same counterpart.   8.7 Entire
Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.   (a) This Agreement together with the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Parent Disclosure Schedule and Annexes
hereto, the Consent and Voting Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement
constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof.   (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any
right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement, other than Section 5.9 (which is intended to be for the benefit of
the Persons covered thereby and may be enforced by such Persons).   8.8
GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS THEREOF.   8.9 VENUE. EACH PARTY (a) CONSENTS
TO SUBMIT ITSELF TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF ANY FEDERAL COURT OR NEW
YORK STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE STATE AND CITY OF NEW YORK IN THE EVENT ANY
DISPUTE ARISES UNDER OR RELATES TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTION
CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, (b) AGREES IT WILL NOT ATTEMPT TO DENY OR DEFEAT SUCH
PERSONAL JURISDICTION BY MOTION OR OTHER REQUEST FOR LEAVE FROM ANY SUCH
COURT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, A MOTION TO DISMISS ON THE GROUNDS OF
FORUM NON CONVENIENS AND (c) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT BRING ANY ACTION ARISING
UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN
IN ANY COURT OTHER THAN A FEDERAL COURT OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN
THE STATE AND CITY OF NEW YORK.   8.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND
THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE BREACH, TERMINATION OR
VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS
AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (a) NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER    61  65 PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (b) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED
THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (c) IT MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (d)
IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE
MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.10.   8.11
Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any Applicable Law or
public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term
or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are
consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.  
8.12 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto, in
whole or in part (whether by operation of Applicable Law or otherwise),
without the prior written consent of the other parties, and any attempt to
make any such assignment without such consent shall be null and void, except
that Merger Sub may assign, in its sole discretion, any or all of its rights,
interests and obligations under this Agreement to any direct or
indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent without the consent of the
Company, upon which all references in this Agreement to Merger Sub shall
thereafter be deemed to be references to such assignee for all purposes under
this Agreement. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and
their respective successors and assigns.   8.13 Enforcement. The parties
agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled
to specific performance of the terms hereof, this being in addition to any
other remedy to which they are entitled at Applicable Law or in equity.  
8.14 Other Agreements. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, except
as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, the rights
and obligations of the Company and the Parent under any other agreement
between the parties shall not be affected by any provision of this
Agreement.  [SIGNATURES BEGIN ON THE NEXT PAGE]    62  66 IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the Parent, the Merger Sub and the Company have caused
this Agreement to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, all as of the day and year first above written.   OPPENHEIMER
ACQUISITION CORP.    By: /s/ Jeremy Griffiths 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Jeremy Griffiths  Title:
Chief Financial Officer and  Treasurer    JOSHUA ACQUISITION CORP.   
By: /s/ Jeremy Griffiths  -----------------------------------------  Name:
Jeremy Griffiths  Title: Vice President and Treasurer    TREMONT ADVISERS,
INC.   By: /s/ Robert I. Schulman 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Robert I. Schulman  Title:
President and Co-Chief  Executive Officer   '

