 EXHIBIT 2.1 - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   
Exhibit 2.1    EXECUTION COPY     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY
AND AMONG   THERMO ELECTRON CORPORATION,   TRUMPET MERGER CORPORATION  
AND   FISHER SCIENTIFIC INTERNATIONAL INC.   DATED AS OF MAY 7,
2006         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
Page  ----   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   ~~  SECTION 1.1. The
Merger..................................................................
2 SECTION 1.2.
Closing.....................................................................
2 SECTION 1.3. Effective
Time.............................................................. 2 SECTION
1.4. Effects of the
Merger....................................................... 2 SECTION 1.5.
Organizational Documents of the Surviving Corporation.......................
2 SECTION 1.6 Directors and Officers of the Surviving
Corporation......................... 2 SECTION 1.7.
Governance..................................................................
3 SECTION 1.8. Directors of Thermo Electron at the Effective
Time.......................... 3    ARTICLE II   EFFECTS OF THE MERGER;
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES  SECTION 2.1. Effect on Capital
Stock..................................................... 4 SECTION 2.2.
Exchange of Shares and Certificates.........................................
5    ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  SECTION 3.1.
Representations and Warranties of Fisher....................................
8 SECTION 3.2. Representations and Warranties of Thermo Electron and Merger
Sub............ 31   -i-    ARTICLE IV   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT
OF BUSINESS  SECTION 4.1. Conduct of
Business......................................................... 55 SECTION
4.2. No
Solicitation.............................................................
59    ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  SECTION 5.1. Preparation of
SEC Documents; Stockholders\' Meetings........................ 61 SECTION
5.2. Accountant\'s
Letters........................................................ 63 SECTION
5.3. Access to Information;
Confidentiality...................................... 63 SECTION 5.4.
Reasonable Best Efforts.....................................................
64 SECTION 5.5. Indemnification and
Insurance............................................... 66 SECTION 5.6. Fees
and Expenses...........................................................
67 SECTION 5.7. Public
Announcements........................................................
67 SECTION 5.8.
Listing.....................................................................
67 SECTION 5.9. Tax-Free Reorganization
Treatment........................................... 67 SECTION 5.10.
Conveyance Taxes............................................................
67 SECTION 5.11. Equity Awards and Employee
Benefits......................................... 68 SECTION 5.12. Honoring
of Collective Bargaining Agreements; Represented Employees.........
71 SECTION 5.13.
Affiliates..................................................................
71 SECTION 5.14. Notification of Certain
Matters............................................. 72 SECTION 5.15. Section
16 Matters..........................................................
72 SECTION 5.16. State Takeover
Laws......................................................... 72 SECTION
5.17. Reservation of Thermo Electron Common
Stock................................. 73    ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT  SECTION 6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the
Merger.................. 73 SECTION 6.2. Conditions to Obligations of
Fisher......................................... 74 SECTION 6.3. Conditions to
Obligations of Thermo Electron and Merger Sub................. 75  
-ii-    ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  SECTION 7.1.
Termination.................................................................
75 SECTION 7.2. Effect of Termination and
Payment........................................... 77 SECTION 7.3.
Amendment...................................................................
78 SECTION 7.4. Extension;
Waiver........................................................... 79   
ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL PROVISIONS  SECTION 8.1. Nonsurvival of
Representations and Warranties............................... 79 SECTION 8.2.
Notices.....................................................................
79 SECTION 8.3.
Definitions.................................................................
80 SECTION 8.4. Terms Defined
Elsewhere..................................................... 83 SECTION
8.5.
Interpretation..............................................................
86 SECTION 8.6.
Counterparts................................................................
87 SECTION 8.7. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries.............................. 87 SECTION 8.8. Governing
Law............................................................... 87 SECTION
8.9.
Assignment..................................................................
87 SECTION 8.10. Consent to
Jurisdiction..................................................... 87 SECTION
8.11. Headings,
etc............................................................... 87 SECTION
8.12.
Severability................................................................
87 SECTION 8.13. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies
Cumulative....................... 88 SECTION 8.14. Waiver of Jury
Trial........................................................ 88 SECTION
8.15. Specific
Performance........................................................
88   Exhibit 1.7(a) Amendment to By-Laws of Thermo Electron Exhibit 1.8
Members of the Board of Directors of Thermo Electron and its
Committees Exhibit 5.13 Form of Affiliate Letter Agreement    -iii-   
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
"Agreement") is made and entered into as of May 7, 2006, by and among THERMO
ELECTRON CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Thermo Electron"), TRUMPET
MERGER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned
subsidiary of Thermo Electron ("Merger Sub") and FISHER SCIENTIFIC
INTERNATIONAL INC., a Delaware corporation ("Fisher").   W I T N E S S E T
H:   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Thermo Electron,
Merger Sub and Fisher have deemed it advisable and fair to and in the best
interests of their respective corporations and their respective stockholders,
that Thermo Electron and Fisher engage in a business combination in order to
advance their respective long-term strategic business interests; and  
WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof, the respective Boards of Directors of Thermo
Electron, Merger Sub and Fisher have approved this Agreement and the merger
of Merger Sub with and into Fisher with Fisher continuing as the surviving
corporation (the "Merger"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement and in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Act (the "DGCL"); and   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of Fisher has determined that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby are in the best interests of Fisher and its stockholders
and has determined to recommend to its stockholders approval and adoption of
this Agreement and the Merger (the "Fisher Stockholder Approval"); and  
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Thermo Electron has approved, and has
determined to recommend to its stockholders (together with the recommendation
of the Board of Directors of Fisher, the "Recommendations") approval of, the
issuance of shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock (as defined in Section
2.1(a)) and the Charter Amendment (as defined in Section 3.2(c)(i)) in
connection with the Merger (the "Thermo Electron Stockholder Approval");
and   WHEREAS, Thermo Electron, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub,
has approved this Agreement and the Merger; and   WHEREAS, for United
States federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and this Agreement is
intended to be, and is hereby adopted as, a plan of reorganization within the
meaning of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code; and   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:   -1-    ARTICLE I   THE MERGER  
SECTION 1.1. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, at the
Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.3), Merger Sub shall be merged with
and into Fisher, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease
and Fisher shall continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger (the
"Surviving Corporation") and shall succeed to and assume all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Merger Sub in accordance with
the DGCL.   SECTION 1.2. Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing")
shall take place at 10:00 a.m., New York time, on a date to be specified by
the parties, which shall be no later than the second business day after
satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in Article VI
(other than delivery of items to be delivered at the Closing and other than
those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, it
being understood that the occurrence of the Closing shall remain subject to
the delivery of such items and the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions
at the Closing) at the offices of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz, 51 West
52nd Street, New York, New York 10019, unless another time, date or place is
agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. The date on which the Closing
occurs is referred to herein as the "Closing Date."   SECTION 1.3.
Effective Time. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as
soon as practicable on the Closing Date, the parties shall cause the Merger
to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger in such form as required
by, and executed in accordance with, the relevant provisions of the DGCL (the
"Certificate of Merger") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
and shall make all other filings or recordings required under the DGCL. The
Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is
duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such
subsequent date or time as Thermo Electron and Fisher shall agree and specify
in the Certificate of Merger, which date shall be not more than 90 days after
the date the Certificate of Merger is received for filing. The time at which
the Merger becomes effective is referred to herein as the
"Effective Time."   SECTION 1.4. Effects of the Merger. At the Effective
Time, the Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement and in
the applicable provisions of the DGCL.   SECTION 1.5. Organizational
Documents of the Surviving Corporation. The Fisher Charter (as defined in
Section 3.1(a)(ii)), as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time,
shall thereafter be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation, until amended in accordance with Applicable Laws (as defined in
Section 3.1(g)(ii)) and as provided in such certificate of incorporation. The
Fisher By-Laws (as defined in Section 3.1(a)(ii)), as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, shall thereafter be the bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation, until amended in accordance with Applicable Laws and as provided
in such bylaws.   SECTION 1.6. Directors and Officers of the Surviving
Corporation. The directors of Merger Sub shall, from and after the Effective
Time, become the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation until their
successors shall have been duly elected, appointed or   -2-   qualified
or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation and
Applicable Laws. The officers of Merger Sub shall, from and after
the Effective Time, become the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation
until their successors shall have been duly elected, appointed or qualified
or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.  
SECTION 1.7. Governance. Subject to the Thermo Electron Stockholder Approval,
the Thermo Electron Charter (as defined in Section 3.2(a)(ii)) as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, as amended pursuant to the Charter
Amendment, shall thereafter be the certificate of incorporation of Thermo
Electron, until amended in accordance with Applicable Laws and as provided in
such certificate of incorporation. Prior to the Effective Time, Thermo
Electron shall take all actions necessary to adopt the amendment to
the Thermo Electron By-Laws (as defined in Section 3.2(a)(ii)), provided for
in Exhibit 1.7(a) hereof, and to effect the requirements and adopt the
resolutions referenced therein.   (a) On or prior to the Effective Time,
the Board of Directors of Thermo Electron shall cause the number of directors
that will comprise the full Board of Directors of Thermo Electron at the
Effective Time to be eight. The members of the Board of Directors and the
composition of the committees of the Board of Directors of Thermo Electron
(as specified in Exhibit 1.8) at the Effective Time shall be as provided in
Section 1.8 of this Agreement.   (b) In accordance with, and to the extent
provided in, the Thermo Electron By-Laws (as amended as provided in Exhibit
1.7(a)), (i) effective as of the Effective Time, Mr. Dekkers shall continue
to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of Thermo Electron, and
(ii) Mr. Meister shall become non-executive Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Thermo Electron.   (c) The headquarters of Thermo Electron will
be located in Waltham, Massachusetts; provided that, for at least three years
after the Effective Time, Thermo Electron shall maintain the current offices
of Fisher in its current facility in Hampton, New Hampshire.   (d)
Immediately following the Effective Time, as set forth in the Charter
Amendment, Thermo Electron will change its name to Thermo Fisher Scientific
Inc.   SECTION 1.8. Directors of Thermo Electron at the Effective Time. As
of the Effective Time, and continuing for a period of at least three
years following the Effective Time: (i) the ratio of Continuing Thermo
Electron Directors to Continuing Fisher Directors (each as defined in this
Section 1.8) serving on the Board of Directors of Thermo Electron shall be
maintained at five-to-three; (ii) all vacancies on the Board of Directors of
Thermo Electron created by the cessation of service of a Continuing Thermo
Electron Director for any reason shall be filled by a nominee proposed to the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of
Thermo Electron by a majority of the remaining Continuing Thermo Electron
Directors; and (iii) all vacancies on the Board of Directors of Thermo
Electron created by the cessation of service of a Continuing Fisher Director
for any reason shall be filled by a nominee proposed to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of   -3-   Directors of
Thermo Electron by a majority of the remaining Continuing Fisher Directors.
The terms "Continuing Thermo Electron Directors" and "Continuing Fisher
Directors" shall for purposes of this Section 1.8 mean, respectively,
the directors of Thermo Electron or Fisher, as the case may be, who were
selected to be directors of Thermo Electron as of the Effective Time pursuant
to Section 1.7(a), and any other directors of Thermo Electron who take office
after the Effective Time who are nominated, or proposed to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of Thermo Electron,
by a majority of the Continuing Thermo Electron Directors or the Continuing
Fisher Directors, as the case may be. Until the third anniversary of the
Effective Time, any amendments to the Thermo Electron By-Law provisions
relating to the foregoing terms of this Section 1.8 shall require the
affirmative vote of at least 75% of the full Board of Directors of Thermo
Electron.   ARTICLE II   EFFECTS OF THE MERGER; EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES   SECTION 2.1. Effect on Capital Stock. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of Thermo Electron, Merger Sub,
Fisher or the holders of any shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of Fisher ("Fisher Common Stock"):   (a) Conversion of Fisher Common
Stock. Subject to Sections 2.1(f) and 2.1(g), each share of Fisher Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other
than any shares of Fisher Common Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section
2.1(c), shall be automatically converted into and become the right to receive
2.0 (the "Exchange Ratio") fully paid and nonassessable shares of common
stock, par value $1.00 per share ("Thermo Electron Common Stock"), of Thermo
Electron (the "Merger Consideration"). As a result of the Merger, at the
Effective Time, each holder of a Certificate (as defined in Section 2.2(b))
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to
receive the Merger Consideration payable in respect of the shares of Fisher
Common Stock represented by such Certificate immediately prior to the
Effective Time, any cash in lieu of fractional shares payable pursuant
to Section 2.1(f) and any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant
to Section 2.2(c), all to be issued or paid, without interest, in
consideration therefor upon the surrender of such Certificate in accordance
with Section 2.2(b) (or, in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate, Section 2.2(i)).   (b) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each share
of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of the Surviving Corporation.   (c) Cancellation of Shares. Each
share of Fisher Common Stock owned by Thermo Electron, Merger Sub or Fisher
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be extinguished
without any conversion, and no consideration shall be delivered in respect
thereof.   -4-    (d) Fisher Options, Stock Unit Awards and Employee
Stock Purchase Plans. At the Effective Time, (i) subject to and in accordance
with Section 5.11(a), all options to purchase Fisher Common Stock (each, a
"Fisher Option") and all restricted stock units and rights to receive shares
of Fisher Common Stock or an amount in cash measured by the value of a number
of shares of Fisher Common Stock (each, a "Fisher Stock Unit Awards"), in
each case, issued and outstanding at the Effective Time under a Fisher Stock
Plan or a Fisher Deferred Compensation Plan (each as defined in Section
3.1(b)(i)), shall be assumed by Thermo Electron and (ii) all rights
outstanding under Fisher\'s Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as approved by the
Fisher stockholders on May 5, 2006 (the "Fisher Purchase Plan"), shall be
treated as set forth in Section 5.11(b).   (e) Conversion of Debt. The
Fisher Convertible Debentures (as defined in Section 3.1(b)(i)) shall remain
outstanding as debentures of Fisher, however in lieu of being convertible
into shares of Fisher Common Stock, following the Effective Time, the Fisher
Convertible Debentures shall become convertible into Thermo Electron Common
Stock at a conversion ratio equal to the conversion ratio in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio and
Thermo Electron shall agree to guarantee the payment of, or become a co-
obligor on, said debentures.   (f) Fractional Shares. No fraction of a share
of Thermo Electron Common Stock will be issued by virtue of the Merger, but
in lieu thereof each holder of shares of Fisher Common Stock who would
otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Thermo Electron Common
Stock (after aggregating all shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock that
otherwise would be received by such holder) shall, upon surrender of such
holder\'s Certificate or Certificates, receive from Thermo Electron an amount
of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest, equal to the
product of: (i) the fractional share interest (after aggregating all shares
of Thermo Electron Common Stock that would otherwise be received by such
holder) which such holder would otherwise receive, multiplied by (ii) the
closing price of one share of Thermo Electron Common Stock on the New York
Stock Exchange ("NYSE") Composite Transactions Tape ending on the trading day
one day prior to the Effective Time.   (g) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.
The Exchange Ratio and the Merger Consideration shall be adjusted to reflect
fully the appropriate effect of any stock split, split-up, reverse stock
split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities
convertible into Thermo Electron Common Stock or Fisher Common Stock),
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with
respect to Thermo Electron Common Stock or Fisher Common Stock having a
record date occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time.   SECTION 2.2. Exchange of Shares and Certificates.   (a) Exchange
Agent. At or prior to the Effective Time, Thermo Electron shall engage an
institution reasonably satisfactory to Fisher (and Thermo Electron\'s
transfer agent shall be deemed satisfactory to Fisher) to act as exchange
agent in connection with the Merger (the "Exchange Agent"), pursuant to an
agreement reasonably satisfactory to Fisher. At the Effective Time,
Thermo Electron shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the
benefit of the holders of shares of Fisher Common Stock immediately prior to
the Effective   -5-   Time, certificates representing the shares of
Thermo Electron Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 2.1(a). In
addition, Thermo Electron shall make available by depositing with the
Exchange Agent, as necessary from time to time after the Effective Time, cash
in an amount sufficient to make the payments in lieu of fractional shares
pursuant to Section 2.1(f) and any dividends or distributions to which
holders of shares of Fisher Common Stock may be entitled pursuant to Section
2.2(c). All cash and certificates representing shares of Thermo Electron
Common Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent shall hereinafter be referred
to as the "Exchange Fund."   (b) Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the
Effective Time, and in any event within 10 business days after the Effective
Time, Thermo Electron shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder
of record of a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to the
Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Fisher Common Stock (the
"Certificates"), which at the Effective Time were converted into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof, (i) a letter
of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and that
risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass only upon delivery of
the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and which shall be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Thermo Electron and Fisher) and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for certificates representing whole shares of Thermo Electron Common
Stock, cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.1(f) and
any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.2(c). Upon
surrender of Certificates for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together
with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in
accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may
reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificates
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a certificate representing
that number of whole shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock (after taking
into account all Certificates surrendered by such holder) to which
such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.1 (which shall be in
uncertificated book entry form unless a physical certificate is requested),
payment by cash or check in lieu of fractional shares which such holder is
entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.1(f) and any dividends or
distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.2(c), and the Certificates so
surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of shares of Fisher Common Stock which is not registered in the
transfer records of Fisher, a certificate representing the proper number of
shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock may be issued to a Person (as defined
in Section 8.3(l)) other than the Person in whose name the Certificate so
surrendered is registered, if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or
otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the Person requesting such
issuance shall pay any transfer or other Taxes (as defined in Section
3.1(j)(xi)) required by reason of the issuance of shares of Thermo Electron
Common Stock to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate
or establish to the reasonable satisfaction of Thermo Electron that such Tax
has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this
Section 2.2(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after
the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive the Merger
Consideration (and any amounts to be paid pursuant to Section 2.1(f) or
Section 2.2(c)) upon such surrender. No interest shall be paid or shall
accrue on any amount payable pursuant to Section 2.1(f) or Section
2.2(c).   (c) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares.
No dividends or other distributions with respect to shares of Thermo
Electron Common Stock with a record   -6-   date after the Effective
Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with
respect to the shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock represented thereby,
and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares shall be paid to any such
holder pursuant to Section 2.1(f) hereof, until such Certificate has been
surrendered in accordance with this Article II. Subject to Applicable Laws,
following surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be paid to the
recordholder thereof, without interest, (i) promptly after such surrender,
the number of whole shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock issuable in
exchange therefor pursuant to this Article II, together with any cash
payable in lieu of a fractional share of Thermo Electron Common Stock to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.1(f) and the amount of
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time
theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares of Thermo Electron Common
Stock and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or
other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time and a payment
date subsequent to such surrender payable with respect to such whole shares
of Thermo Electron Common Stock.   (d) No Further Ownership Rights in
Fisher Common Stock. All shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock issued upon
the surrender for exchange of Certificates in accordance with the terms of
this Article II and any cash paid pursuant to Section 2.1(f) or Section
2.2(c) shall be deemed to have been issued (or paid) in full satisfaction of
all rights pertaining to the shares of Fisher Common Stock previously
represented by such Certificates. After the Effective Time, the stock
transfer books of Fisher shall be closed and there shall be no further
registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving
Corporation of the shares of Fisher Common Stock which were outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent
for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in
this Article II.   (e) Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the
Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the holders of Certificates one
year after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Thermo Electron, upon
demand, and any holders of Certificates who have not theretofore complied
with this Article II shall thereafter look only to Thermo Electron for
payment of their claim for the Merger Consideration, any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.1(f)
and any dividends or distributions pursuant to Section 2.2(c).   (f) No
Liability. None of Thermo Electron, Merger Sub, Fisher or the Exchange Agent
or any of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall be
liable to any Person in respect of any shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock
(or dividends or distributions with respect thereto) or cash from the
Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If any Certificate
shall not have been surrendered prior to seven years after the Effective
Time, or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any shares of Thermo
Electron Common Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Thermo
Electron Common Stock or any dividends or distributions with respect to
Thermo Electron Common Stock issuable in respect of such Certificate would
otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Entity (as
defined in Section 3.1(c)(v)), any such shares, cash, dividends or
distributions in respect of such Certificate shall, to   -7-   the extent
permitted by Applicable Laws, become the property of the
Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interests of any
Person previously entitled thereto.   (g) Investment of Exchange Fund. The
Exchange Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as
directed by Thermo Electron on a daily basis, provided, that no such
investment or loss thereon shall affect the amounts payable to former
stockholders of Fisher after the Effective Time pursuant to this Article II.
Any interest and other income resulting from such investment shall become a
part of the Exchange Fund, and any amounts in excess of the amounts payable
pursuant to this Article II shall promptly be paid to Thermo Electron.  
(h) Withholding Rights. Thermo Electron and the Exchange Agent shall be
entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable pursuant to
this Agreement to any Person who was a holder of Fisher Common
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time such amounts as Thermo Electron
or the Exchange Agent may be required to deduct and withhold with respect to
the making of such payment under the Code or any other provision of federal,
state, local or foreign Tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld
by Thermo Electron or the Exchange Agent, such withheld amounts shall be
treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person
to whom such consideration would otherwise have been paid.   (i) Lost,
Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any Certificates shall have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange
for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, such shares of Thermo Electron
Common Stock as may be required pursuant to Section 2.1(a), cash
for fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.1(f) and any dividends or
distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.2(c); provided, however, that
Thermo Electron may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the
issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificates to deliver an agreement of indemnification in form reasonably
satisfactory to Thermo Electron, or a bond in such sum as Thermo Electron may
reasonably direct as indemnity, against any claim that may be made against
Thermo Electron or the Exchange Agent in respect of the Certificates alleged
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES   SECTION 3.1. Representations and Warranties of Fisher.
Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule dated as of the date of this
Agreement and executed and delivered by Fisher to Thermo Electron
concurrently with or prior to the execution and delivery by Fisher of this
Agreement (the "Fisher Disclosure Schedule"), Fisher represents and warrants
to Thermo Electron and Merger Sub as set forth in this Section 3.1. Each
disclosure set forth in the Fisher Disclosure Schedule, and any other
information included in the Fisher Disclosure Schedule, is identified by
reference to, or has been grouped under a heading referring to, a specific
individual subsection of this Agreement and shall be deemed to be disclosed
solely for purposes of, and shall qualify and be treated as an exception to,
such subsection, except to the extent that disclosure in one subsection of
the Fisher Disclosure Schedule is specifically referred to in  
-8-   another subsection of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule by
appropriate cross-reference and except to the extent that the relevance of a
disclosure in one subsection of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule to another
subsection of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule is reasonably apparent. The
parties hereby agree that no reference to or disclosure of any item or other
matter in the Fisher Disclosure Schedule shall be construed as an admission
or indication that (1) such item or other matter is material, (2) such item
or other matter is required to be referred to or disclosed in the Fisher
Disclosure Schedule or (3) any breach or violation of Applicable Laws or any
Contract (as defined in Section 8.3(c)) exists or has actually occurred.  
(a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power; Charter Documents;
Subsidiaries.   (i) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Fisher and 
each of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 8.3(m)) is a corporation  or
other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good  standing
(with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept)  under the laws
of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or  otherwise organized and
has the requisite corporate (or similar) power and  authority and all
necessary government approvals to own, lease and operate  its properties and
to carry on its business as currently conducted, except  for those
jurisdictions in which the failure to have such power, authority  or
government approvals and to be so organized, existing or in good  standing
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be  expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.3(i))  on Fisher and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Each of Fisher and each  of its Subsidiaries
is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in  good standing (with
respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept)  in each jurisdiction
in which the nature or conduct of its business or the  ownership, leasing or
operation of its properties makes such  qualification, licensing or good
standing necessary, except for those  jurisdictions where the failure to be
so qualified or licensed or to be in  good standing would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole.   (ii) Charter
Documents. Fisher has delivered or made  available to Thermo Electron prior
to the execution of this Agreement  complete and correct copies of (A) the
Amended and Restated Certificate of  Incorporation of Fisher (including any
certificates of designation), as  amended and currently in effect (the
"Fisher Charter"), and the By-Laws of  Fisher, as amended and currently in
effect (the "Fisher By-Laws," and,  together with the Fisher Charter, the
"Fisher Organizational Documents")  and (B) the articles or certificate of
incorporation and By-Laws or like  organizational documents of each of the
Fisher Material Subsidiaries (as  defined in Section 3.1(a)(iii)), as amended
and currently in effect  (collectively, the "Fisher Subsidiary Organizational
Documents"), and each  such instrument is in full force and effect. Fisher is
not in material  violation of the Fisher Organizational Documents and no
Fisher Material  Subsidiary is in material violation of its Fisher
Subsidiary  Organizational Documents.   (iii) Subsidiaries. Section
3.1(a)(iii) of the Fisher  Disclosure Schedule lists all the Subsidiaries of
Fisher which, as of the  date of this Agreement, have annual gross revenues
in excess of  $200,000,000 (the "Fisher Material Subsidiaries").  
-9-    Except as set forth in Section 3.1(a)(iii) of the Fisher
Disclosure  Schedule, all the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or
other equity  interests in, each Fisher Material Subsidiary have been validly
issued and  are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned directly or
indirectly by  Fisher, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, claims,
restrictions,  infringements, liens, charges, encumbrances and security
interests and  claims of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively,
"Liens") and free  of any other restriction (including preemptive rights and
any restriction  on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such
capital stock or  other ownership interests).   (b) Capital Structure.  
(i) The authorized capital stock of Fisher consists of  500,000,000 shares of
Fisher Common Stock and 15,000,000 shares of  preferred stock, par value
$0.01 per share ("Fisher Preferred Stock"). At  the close of business on May
1, 2006, (A) 124,403,412 shares of Fisher  Common Stock were issued and
outstanding; (B) 254,975 shares of Fisher  Common Stock were held by Fisher
in its treasury; (C) no shares of Fisher  Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding; (D) warrants to purchase  1,653,585 shares of Fisher Common
Stock were issued and outstanding; (E)  16,255,956 shares of Fisher Common
Stock were reserved for issuance upon  conversion of Fisher\'s (1) 2.50%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, (2)  Floating Rate Convertible Senior
Debentures due 2033 and (3) 3.25%  Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due
2024 (together, the "Fisher  Convertible Debentures"); (F) 10,530,422 shares
of Fisher Common Stock  were reserved for issuance in respect of outstanding
Fisher Options  pursuant to the Fisher stock plans listed in Section
3.1(b)(i) of the  Fisher Disclosure Schedule (which list includes the total
aggregate number  of options authorized for issuance under such plans) (the
"Fisher Stock  Plans"); and (G) 989,130 shares of Fisher Common Stock were
reserved for  issuance in respect of outstanding Fisher Stock Unit Awards
pursuant to  the Fisher Stock Plans and the Fisher deferred compensation
plans listed  in Section 3.1(b)(i) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule (the
"Fisher  Deferred Compensation Plans"), complete and correct copies of which,
in  each case as amended, have been filed as exhibits to the Fisher SEC 
Documents (as defined in Section 3.1(d)(i)) prior to the date of this 
Agreement or made available to Thermo Electron. Each outstanding share of 
capital stock of Fisher is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, 
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.   (ii) All shares of Fisher
Common Stock subject to issuance  under the Fisher Stock Plans, the Fisher
Deferred Compensation Plans and  the Fisher Purchase Plan, upon issuance on
the terms and conditions  specified in the instruments pursuant to which they
are issuable, will be  duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free of  preemptive rights.   (iii) No bonds, debentures,
notes or other evidences of  indebtedness having the right to vote on any
matters on which stockholders  of Fisher may vote ("Voting Debt") are issued
or outstanding as of the  date hereof.   (iv) As of May 1, 2006, there are
no securities, options,  warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements,
arrangements or  undertakings of any   -10-    kind to which Fisher or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any  of them is bound
obligating Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries to issue,  deliver or sell, or
cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional  shares of capital stock,
Voting Debt or other voting securities of Fisher  or any of its Subsidiaries,
or obligating Fisher or any of its  Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or
enter into any such security,  option, warrant, call, right, commitment,
agreement, arrangement or  undertaking. All outstanding shares of Fisher
Common Stock, all  outstanding Fisher Options and Fisher Stock Unit Awards
and all  outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary of Fisher
have been  issued and granted in compliance in all material respects with (A)
all  applicable securities laws and all other Applicable Laws and (B) all 
requirements set forth in applicable material Contracts.   (v) Since
December 31, 2005, and through the date hereof,  other than (A) issuances of
Fisher Common Stock pursuant to the exercise  of Fisher Options and the
settlement of Fisher Stock Unit Awards granted  under Fisher Stock Plans or
Fisher Deferred Compensation Plans, (B)  repurchases of Fisher Common Stock
from employees of Fisher following  their termination pursuant to the terms
of their pre-existing stock option  or purchase agreements, (C) issuances of
Fisher Common Stock (consisting  of newly-issued shares or shares in
treasury) as contributions of Fisher  Common Stock to defined contribution
plans sponsored by Fisher and (D)  grants of Fisher Options and Fisher Stock
Unit Awards under Fisher Stock  Plans and Fisher Deferred Compensation
Awards, there has been no increase  in (1) the outstanding capital stock of
Fisher, (2) the number of Fisher  Options and Fisher Stock Unit Awards
outstanding or (3) the number of  other options, warrants or other rights to
purchase Fisher capital stock.   (vi) Neither Fisher nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to  any currently effective agreement (A) restricting
the purchase or transfer  of, (B) relating to the voting of, (C) requiring
the repurchase,  redemption or disposition of, or containing any right of
first refusal  with respect to, (D) requiring registration of or (E) granting
any  preemptive or antidilutive rights with respect to any capital stock of 
Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries or any securities of the type referred  to
in Section 3.1(b)(iv) hereof.   (vii) Other than in Subsidiaries of Fisher,
as of the date  hereof, neither Fisher nor its Subsidiaries directly or
indirectly  beneficially owns any securities or other beneficial ownership
interests  in any other entity except for non-controlling investments in
entities  with an individual book value of less than $5,000,000 and which are
not  individually or in the aggregate material to Fisher and its
Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole. There are no outstanding contractual
obligations of  Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries to make any loan to, or any
equity or  other investment (in the form of a capital contribution or
otherwise) in,  any Subsidiary of Fisher or any other Person, other than
guarantees by  Fisher of any indebtedness or other obligations of any wholly-
owned  Subsidiary of Fisher and other than loans made in the ordinary
course  consistent with past practice to employees of Fisher and its
Subsidiaries.   (viii) Neither Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any 
shares of capital stock of Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries.  
-11-    (c) Authority; Board Approval; Voting Requirements; No
Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.   (i) Authority. Fisher has all
requisite corporate power and  authority to enter into this Agreement, to
perform its obligations  hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The  execution and delivery of this Agreement by Fisher,
and the consummation  by Fisher of the transactions contemplated hereby, have
been duly and  validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of  Fisher, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Fisher and
no  stockholder votes are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, other than, with respect  to
approval of this Agreement and the Merger, the Fisher Stockholder  Approval
(as defined in Section 3.1(c)(iii)). This Agreement has been duly  executed
and delivered by Fisher. Assuming the due authorization,  execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Thermo Electron and Merger  Sub, this Agreement
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of  Fisher enforceable
against Fisher in accordance with their terms, subject  to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other  laws relating to
or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors  generally and to general
principles of equity (regardless of whether  considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law).   (ii) Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Fisher
has (A)  determined that this Agreement and the Merger are advisable and fair
to  and in the best interests of Fisher and its stockholders, (B) duly 
approved and adopted this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions 
contemplated hereby, which adoption has not been rescinded or modified,  (C)
resolved to recommend this Agreement and the Merger to its  stockholders for
approval, and (D) subject to Section 5.1(b) directed that  this Agreement,
the Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby be  submitted to
Fisher\'s stockholders for consideration and adoption at a  duly held meeting
of such stockholders in accordance with this Agreement.   (iii) Voting
Requirements. The affirmative vote of holders of  a majority of the
outstanding shares of Fisher Common Stock entitled to  vote is the only vote
of the holders of any class or series of Fisher  capital stock necessary to
approve and adopt this Agreement, approve the  Merger and consummate the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated  hereby.   (iv) No Conflict.
Except as set forth in Section 3.1(c)(iv)  of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule,
the execution and delivery of this  Agreement by Fisher do not, and the
consummation by Fisher of the  transactions contemplated hereby and
compliance by Fisher with the  provisions of this Agreement will not,
conflict with, result in any  violation or breach of or default (with or
without notice or lapse of  time, or both) under, require any consent, waiver
or approval under, give  rise to any right of termination or cancellation or
acceleration of any  right or obligation or loss of a benefit under, or
result in the creation  of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of
Fisher or any of its  Subsidiaries or any restriction on the conduct of
Fisher\'s business or  operations under, (A) the Fisher Organizational
Documents or the Fisher  Subsidiary Organizational Documents, (B) any
Contract to which Fisher or  any Fisher Subsidiary is a party or  
-12-    Fisher Permit (as defined in Section 3.1(g)(i)) or (C) subject to
the  governmental filings and other matters referred to in Section
3.1(c)(v),  any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation  applicable to Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries or their
respective  properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (B) and
(C), any  such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights, losses, restrictions
or  Liens, or failure to obtain consents, waivers or approvals, which, 
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have  a
Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole.   (v) Required Filings or Consents. No consent, approval, order  or
authorization or permit of, action by or in respect of, registration, 
declaration or filing with, or notification to, any federal, state, local, 
foreign or supranational government, any court, administrative, regulatory 
or other governmental agency, commission or authority or any  non-
governmental self-regulatory agency, commission or authority (a 
"Governmental Entity") or any other Person is required to be made,  obtained,
performed or given to or with respect to Fisher or any of its  Subsidiaries
in connection with the execution and delivery of this  Agreement by Fisher or
the consummation by Fisher of the transactions  contemplated hereby, except
for:   (A) the filing of a pre-merger notification and report  form by
Fisher under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements  Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR Act"), all required notifications  and filings under
Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004 of the European  Community, as amended (the
"ECMR") and any other applicable filings  or notifications under the
antitrust, competition or similar laws of  any foreign jurisdiction;   (B)
the filing with the Securities and Exchange  Commission (the "SEC") of:  
(1) a proxy statement relating to the Fisher  Stockholders\' Meeting (as
defined in Section 5.1(b)) (such proxy  statement, together with the proxy
statement relating to the  Thermo Electron Stockholders\' Meeting (as defined
in Section  5.1(b), in each case as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, the "Joint Proxy Statement");   (2) such reports and filings under
Section 13(a),  13(d), 14(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of  1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the rules and  regulations
thereunder, as may be required in connection with  this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby;   (C) the filing of the Certificate of
Merger with the  Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and
appropriate  documents with the NYSE and the relevant authorities of other
states  in which Fisher is qualified to do business and such filings as may 
be necessary in accordance with state securities or other "blue sky" 
laws;   -13-    (D) the Fisher Stockholder Approval;   (E) the
consents, approvals, orders or authorizations set  forth in Section
3.1(c)(v)(E) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule; and   (F) other such
consents, approvals, orders or  authorizations, the failure of which to be
made or obtained,  individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected  to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, 
taken as a whole.   (d) SEC Documents; Financial Statements.   (i) Fisher
has filed with the SEC all registration  statements, prospectuses, reports,
schedules, forms, statements,  certifications and other documents (including
exhibits and all other  information incorporated by reference therein)
presently required to be so  filed by Fisher since January 1, 2004 (excluding
the Joint Proxy  Statement, the "Fisher SEC Documents"). As of their
respective dates, the  Fisher SEC Documents complied in all material respects
with the  requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities  Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, to the extent in
effect,  the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("SOX") and the rules and regulations
of  the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such Fisher SEC Documents, 
and none of the Fisher SEC Documents, when filed, contained any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required  to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,  in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, 
except to the extent corrected by a subsequently filed Fisher SEC Document 
filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof. No Subsidiary of Fisher is 
subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.   (ii)
Each of the principal executive officer of Fisher and  the principal
financial officer of Fisher (or each former principal  executive officer of
Fisher and each former principal financial officer of  Fisher, as applicable)
has made all certifications required by Rule 13a-14  or 15d-14 under the
Exchange Act or Sections 302 and 906 of SOX and the  rules and regulations of
the SEC promulgated thereunder with respect to  the Fisher SEC Documents. For
purposes of the preceding sentence,  "principal executive officer" and
"principal financial officer" shall have  the meanings given to such terms in
SOX. Neither Fisher nor any of its  Subsidiaries has outstanding, or has
arranged any outstanding, "extensions  of credit" to directors or executive
officers within the meaning of  Section 402 of SOX.   (iii) The financial
statements of Fisher included in the  Fisher SEC Documents, including each
Fisher SEC Document filed after the  date hereof until the Effective Time,
comply, as of their respective dates  of filing with the SEC, in all material
respects with applicable  accounting requirements and the published rules and
regulations of the SEC  with respect thereto, have been prepared in
accordance with United States  generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP") (except, in the case of  unaudited statements, as permitted by Form
10-Q or 8-K or other applicable  rules of the SEC) applied on a consistent
basis during the periods  involved (except as may be   -14-    indicated
in the notes thereto) and fairly present the consolidated  financial position
of Fisher and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the  dates thereof and the
consolidated results of their operations and cash  flows for the periods then
ended (subject, in the case of unaudited  statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments which are not material).  The financial books and records
of Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a  whole, are true and correct in
all material respects.   (iv) Except as reflected or reserved against in the
balance  sheet of Fisher, dated December 31, 2005, included in the Form 10-K
filed  by Fisher with the SEC on February 21, 2006 (including the notes
thereto,  the "Fisher Balance Sheet") and except as set forth in Section
3.1(d)(iv)  of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule, neither Fisher nor any of
its  Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether 
absolute, accrued, known or unknown, contingent or otherwise) nor, to the 
Knowledge (as defined in Section 8.3(h)) of Fisher, does any basis exist 
therefor, other than liabilities or obligations that (A) were incurred  since
January 1, 2006 in the ordinary course of business consistent with  past
practice and individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would  not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and  its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (B) individually or in the aggregate,  have
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse
Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (C)  were incurred
pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated  hereby.   (v)
Neither Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to,  or has any
commitment to become a party to, any joint venture, off-balance  sheet
partnership or any similar contract or arrangement (including  without
limitation any contract or arrangement relating to any transaction  or
relationship between or among Fisher and any of its Subsidiaries, on  the one
hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate (as defined in Section  8.3(a)),
including without limitation any structured finance, special  purpose or
limited purpose entity or Person, on the other hand, or any  "off-balance
sheet arrangement" (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation  S-K of the
SEC)), where the result, purpose or intended effect of such  contract or
arrangement is to avoid disclosure of any material transaction  involving, or
material liabilities of, Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries  in Fisher\'s or
such Subsidiary\'s published financial statements or other  Fisher SEC
Documents.   (vi) No "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC) filed as an exhibit to the Fisher 
Form 10-K has been amended or modified, except for amendments or 
modifications which have been filed as an exhibit to a subsequently dated 
Fisher SEC Document or are not required to be filed with the SEC.   (e)
Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by
or on behalf of Fisher for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the
registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Thermo
Electron in connection with the issuance of Thermo Electron Common Stock in
the Merger (including any amendments or supplements, the "Form S-4") will, at
the time the Form S-4 becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact  
-15-   required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading or (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement will, at the date it
is first mailed to Fisher\'s stockholders or at the time of the Fisher
Stockholders\' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading. The Joint Proxy Statement and the Form
S-4 will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.1(e),
no representation or warranty is made by Fisher with respect to information
or statements made or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or the Joint
Proxy Statement which were not supplied by or on behalf of Fisher.   (f)
Absence of Certain Changes or Events.   (i) Since January 1, 2006 through
the date hereof, except as  and to the extent disclosed in the Fisher SEC
Documents filed prior to the  date of this Agreement and except for
liabilities incurred pursuant to  this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby:   (A) Fisher and its Subsidiaries have conducted
their  business only in the ordinary course consistent with past
practice;   (B) there has not been any split, combination or 
reclassification of any of Fisher\'s capital stock or any  declaration,
setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or other  distribution (whether
in cash, stock or property) in respect of, in  lieu of or in substitution
for, shares of Fisher\'s capital stock;   (C) except as required by a change
in GAAP, there has not  been any change in accounting methods, principles or
practices by  Fisher; and   (D) there has not been any action taken by
Fisher or any  of its Subsidiaries that, if taken during the period from the
date  of this Agreement through the Effective Time, would constitute a 
breach of Section 4.1(a), other than actions in connection with  entering
into this Agreement.   (ii) Since January 1, 2006 through the date hereof,
there  have not been any changes, circumstances or events that, individually
or  in the aggregate, have had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a 
Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  
(g) Compliance with Applicable Laws; Permits; Litigation.   (i) Fisher, its
Subsidiaries and employees hold all  authorizations, permits, licenses,
certificates, easements, concessions,  franchises, variances, exemptions,
orders, consents, registrations,  approvals and clearances of all
Governmental Entities (including all  authorizations under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as  amended (the "FDCA"), and the regulations
of the U.S. Food   -16-    and Drug Administration (the "FDA")
promulgated thereunder) and third  Persons which are required for Fisher and
its Subsidiaries to own, lease  and operate its properties and other assets
and to carry on their  respective businesses in the manner described in the
Fisher SEC Documents  filed prior to the date hereof and as they are being
conducted as of the  date hereof (the "Fisher Permits"), and all Fisher
Permits are valid and  in full force and effect, except where the failure to
have, or the  suspension or cancellation of, or the failure to be valid or in
full force  and effect of, any such Fisher Permits, individually or in the
aggregate,  would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on  Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (ii) Fisher and
its Subsidiaries are, and have been at all  times since January 1, 2004, in
compliance with the terms of the Fisher  Permits and all laws, statutes,
orders, rules, regulations, policies or  guidelines promulgated, or
judgments, decisions or orders entered by any  Governmental Entity (all such
laws, statutes, orders, rules, regulations,  policies, directives,
guidelines, judgments, decisions and orders,  collectively, "Applicable
Laws") relating to Fisher and its Subsidiaries  or their respective
businesses, assets or properties, except where the  failure to be in
compliance with the terms of the Fisher Permits or such  Applicable Laws,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be  expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole.
Since January 1, 2004, neither Fisher nor any of its  Subsidiaries has
received any written notification from any Governmental  Entity (A) asserting
that Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries is not in  compliance with, or at any
time since such date has failed to comply with,  Applicable Laws (except for
any such lack of compliance which,  individually or in the aggregate, would
not reasonably be expected to have  a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a  whole) or (B) threatening to revoke any Fisher
Permit (except for any such  revocation which, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably  be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Fisher and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) nor, to the
Knowledge of Fisher, does any  basis exist therefor. As of the date hereof,
no investigation or review by  any Governmental Entity is pending or, to the
Knowledge of Fisher, has  been threatened in writing against Fisher or any of
its Subsidiaries  which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably
be expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a  whole.   (iii) Fisher is, and has been, in
compliance in all material  respects with the provisions of SOX applicable to
it.   (iv) Except as and to the extent disclosed in the Fisher SEC 
Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement, including the notes  to
the financial statements included therein, no action, audit, demand,  claim,
suit, proceeding, requirement or investigation by any Governmental  Entity,
and no suit, action, mediation, arbitration or proceeding by any  Person,
against or affecting Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries or any of  their
respective properties, including Intellectual Property (as defined  in
Section 8.3(g)), is pending or, to the Knowledge of Fisher, threatened 
which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole.   -17-    (v) Neither Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or at
any  time since January 1, 2004 has been, subject to any outstanding order, 
injunction or decree which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or 
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher  and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (h) Labor and Other Employment
Matters.   (i) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher, its 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (A) no work stoppage, slowdown, lockout, 
labor strike, material arbitrations or other material labor disputes  against
Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries are pending or, to the Knowledge  of
Fisher, threatened, (B) no unfair labor practice charges, grievances or 
complaints are pending or, to the Knowledge of Fisher, threatened against 
Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries, (C) neither Fisher nor any of its 
Subsidiaries is delinquent in payments to any of its employees for any 
wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses or other direct compensation for any 
services performed for it or amounts required to be reimbursed to such 
employees, (D) neither Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries is liable for  any
payment to any trust or other fund or to any Governmental Entity with 
respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other 
benefits or obligations for employees, (E) no employee of Fisher, at the 
officer level or above, has given written notice to Fisher or any of its 
Subsidiaries that any such employee intends to terminate his or her 
employment with Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries, (F) to the Knowledge of 
Fisher, no employee of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries is in any respect 
in violation of any term of any employment contract, nondisclosure 
agreement, common law nondisclosure obligations, non-competition  agreement,
or any restrictive covenant to a former employer relating to  the right of
any such employee to be employed by Fisher or any of its  Subsidiaries
because of the nature of the business conducted or presently  proposed to be
conducted by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries or to the  use of trade
secrets or proprietary information of others, (G) neither  Fisher nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to, or otherwise bound by,  any consent decree
with, or citation by, any Governmental Entity relating  to employees or
employment practices and (H) Fisher and its Subsidiaries  are in compliance
with all Applicable Laws, agreements, contracts,  policies, plans and
programs relating to employment, employment practices,  compensation,
benefits, hours, terms and conditions of employment and the  termination of
employment, including but not limited to any obligations  pursuant to the
Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988,  as amended (the
"WARN Act"), or any other comparable Applicable Law.   (ii) As of the date
hereof,   (A) neither Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party  to, or
otherwise bound by, any collective bargaining agreement or  any other
agreement, work rules or practices with a labor union,  labor organization or
works council, which, in the case of any  non-U.S. agreement, work rules or
practices with a labor union,  labor organization or works council are
material to Fisher and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, nor are any such
agreements, work  rules or practices presently being negotiated;  
-18-    (B) no employee of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries is 
represented by any labor union, labor organization or works council  in his
or her capacity as an employee of Fisher or any of its  Subsidiaries;   (C)
no labor union, labor organization or works council  or group of employees of
Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries has made  a pending demand for recognition
or certification to Fisher or any  of its Subsidiaries, and there are no
representation or  certification proceedings or petitions seeking a
representation  proceeding presently pending or, to the Knowledge of
Fisher,  threatened to be brought or filed with the National Labor
Relations  Board ("NLRB") or any other comparable foreign, state or local
labor  relations tribunal or authority; and   (D) to the Knowledge of
Fisher, no labor union, labor  organization or works council is seeking to
organize or represent  any employees of Fisher or any of its
Subsidiaries.   (i) Benefit Plans.   (i) Section 3.1(i)(i)(A) of the
Fisher Disclosure Schedule  sets forth a true and complete list of each
material bonus, pension,  profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive
compensation, stock  ownership, stock purchase, stock option or other equity
compensation,  phantom stock, stock-related or performance award, retirement,
vacation,  severance or termination pay, change in control, retention,
disability,  death benefit, hospitalization, medical, life insurance, loan,
disability,  and other similar material plan, arrangement, agreement or
understanding,  including, without limitation, each "employee benefit plan"
(or similar  plan) within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income  Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") or any other
comparable  Applicable Law, whether or not subject to ERISA or such
comparable  Applicable Law, and any material employment agreement,
consulting  agreement, termination or severance agreement (such plans,
agreements,  arrangements or understandings, except any plan which is a
Multiemployer  Plan (as defined in Section 8.3(j)), collectively, "Benefit
Plans") with  or for the benefit of any current or former employee, officer
or director  of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates (as
defined in  Section 3.1(i)(v)) or with respect to which Fisher or any of
its  Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates have any material obligations or 
liabilities, including each material Benefit Plan that has been adopted or 
maintained by Fisher, any of its Subsidiaries or any Affiliate, whether 
formally or informally, or with respect to which Fisher, any of its 
Subsidiaries or any Affiliate will or may have any material liability, for 
the benefit of employees or consultants of Fisher or any of its  Subsidiaries
who perform services outside the United States (collectively,  the "Fisher
Benefit Plans"). With respect to the Fisher Benefit Plans, no  event has
occurred, and there exists no condition or set of circumstances,  which would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  Fisher and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, under ERISA, the Code or  any other
Applicable Laws. Neither Fisher, nor any of its Subsidiaries,  nor, to the
Knowledge of Fisher, any other Person, has any express  commitment, whether
legally enforceable or not, to modify, change or  terminate any Fisher
Benefit Plan, other than with respect to a   -19-    modification, change
or termination required by ERISA or the Code, or any  other Applicable Law or
administrative changes that do not increase the  liabilities or obligations
under any such plans. Fisher has delivered or  made available to Thermo
Electron true, correct and complete copies of all  Fisher Benefit Plans and,
with respect thereto, if applicable, all  amendments, trust agreements,
insurance contracts, other funding vehicles,  determination letters issued by
the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"),  the most recent annual reports
(Form 5500 series) filed with the IRS and  the most recent actuarial report
or other financial statement relating to  such Fisher Benefit Plan.   (ii)
Each Fisher Benefit Plan has been, in all material  respects, administered
and operated in accordance with its terms, with the  applicable provisions of
ERISA, the Code and other Applicable Laws and  with the terms of all
applicable collective bargaining agreements. Each  Fisher Benefit Plan,
including any material amendments thereto, that is  required to obtain
approval by, or registration or qualification for  special tax status with,
the appropriate taxation, social security or  supervisory authorities in the
relevant country, state, territory or the  like (each, an "Approval") has
received such Approval (or there remains a  period of time in which to obtain
such Approval retroactive to the date of  any material amendment that has not
previously received such Approval),  and no event has occurred which would
reasonably be expected to result in  the revocation of such Approval or the
imposition of material sanctions by  such authorities. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, each  Fisher Benefit Plan that is intended to be
qualified under Section 401(a)  of the Code has obtained a favorable
determination letter from the IRS  that the Fisher Benefit Plan is so
qualified and all related trusts are  exempt from U.S. federal income
taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code,  and, to the Knowledge of Fisher,
nothing has occurred, whether by action  or by failure to act, which would
reasonably be expected to cause the loss  of such qualification or
exemption.   (iii) As of the date hereof to the Knowledge of Fisher, no 
oral or written representation or commitment with respect to any material 
aspect of any Fisher Benefit Plan has been made to an employee or former 
employee of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries by an authorized Fisher 
employee that is not materially in accordance with the written or  otherwise
pre-existing terms and provisions of such Fisher Benefit Plans.  As of the
date hereof, to the Knowledge of Fisher, neither Fisher nor any  of its
Subsidiaries has entered into any agreement, arrangement or  understanding,
whether written or oral, with any trade union, works  council or other
employee representative body or any material number or  category of its
employees which would prevent, restrict or materially  impede the
implementation of any layoff, redundancy, severance or similar  program
within its or their respective workforces (or any part of them).   (iv)
There are no material unresolved claims or disputes  under the terms of, or
in connection with, any Fisher Benefit Plan (other  than routine undisputed
claims for benefits), and no action, legal or  otherwise, has been commenced
or threatened with respect to any material  claim or otherwise in connection
with a Fisher Benefit Plan.   -20-    (v) With respect to each Funded
Retirement Plan (as defined  in this Section 3.1(i)(v)) of Fisher or any of
its Subsidiaries, the  aggregate fair market value of the assets of such
Funded Retirement Plan  was, as of the most recently computed actuarial
valuation of such plan,  equal to or greater than the aggregate value of its
liabilities assessed  on an ongoing basis and calculated in accordance with
the actuarial  methods and assumptions used in such valuation pursuant to
such Funded  Retirement Plan and Applicable Law and GAAP. For purposes of
this  Agreement, "Funded Retirement Plan" means, with respect to a party, a 
Benefit Plan that is a "pension plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2)  of
ERISA that is subject to ERISA and under which the assets to satisfy  the
benefit obligations are legally segregated from the general assets of  such
party or any of its Subsidiaries and are not subject to the creditors  of
such party or any of its Subsidiaries. None of Fisher or any other  Person or
entity under common control within the meaning of Section  414(b), (c), (m)
or (o) of the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate") with Fisher has  incurred, or is
reasonably expected to incur, any liability to a Funded  Retirement Plan
under Title IV of ERISA (other than for contributions not  yet due) or to the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (other than for  payment of premiums not
yet due) that, when aggregated with other such  liabilities, would reasonably
be expected to result in a material  liability of Fisher and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which  liability has not been fully paid.  
(vi) Section 3.1(i)(vi) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule  sets forth a true
and complete list of each Multiemployer Plan to which  Fisher or any ERISA
Affiliate of Fisher contributes or is required to  contribute, or to which,
or with respect to which, Fisher or any ERISA  Affiliate of Fisher has any
material liability. If any Fisher  Multiemployer Plan is subject to Title IV
of ERISA, then, (A) neither  Fisher nor any ERISA Affiliate of Fisher has
made or suffered a "complete  withdrawal" or a "partial withdrawal," as such
terms are respectively  defined in Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA (or any
liability resulting  therefrom has been satisfied in full), (B) no event has
occurred that  presents a material risk of a complete or partial withdrawal,
(C) neither  Fisher nor any ERISA Affiliate of Fisher has any contingent
liability  under Section 4204 of ERISA, (D) no circumstances exist that
present a  material risk that any such plan will go into reorganization, and
(E) to  the best of Fisher\'s Knowledge, the aggregate withdrawal liability
of  Fisher and each ERISA Affiliate of Fisher computed as if a complete 
withdrawal by Fisher and any ERISA Affiliate of Fisher had occurred under 
each such Fisher Benefit Plan on the date hereof, would not reasonably be 
expected to result in a material liability to Fisher. No Fisher Benefit  Plan
subject to ERISA is a plan that has two or more contributing sponsors  at
least two of whom are not under common control, within the meaning of 
Section 4063 of ERISA.   (vii) No Fisher Benefit Plan provides health
benefits  (whether or not insured) with respect to employees or former
employees of  Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries after retirement or other
termination of  service (other than coverage mandated by Applicable Laws or
benefits, the  full cost of which is borne by the employee or former
employee).   (viii) Neither the negotiation and execution of this 
Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby  will
(either alone or upon   -21-    the occurrence of any additional or
subsequent events) constitute an event  under any Fisher Benefit Plan (for
this purpose, Fisher Benefit Plan  (other than with respect to those Plans
that are Fisher Foreign Plans)  shall be determined without regard to whether
any plan, agreement, policy,  understanding or arrangement is material
despite the use of such qualifier  in Section 3.1(i)(i) for purposes of the
definitions of Benefit Plan and  Fisher Benefit Plan) that will or may result
in any payment (whether of  severance pay or otherwise), acceleration of
payment, forgiveness of  indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in
benefits or obligation to  fund benefits with respect to any employee or
former employee of Fisher or  any of its Subsidiaries or limit the ability to
amend, terminate or  receive a reversion of assets from any Fisher Benefit
Plan or related  trust. There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement
with an  employee or former employee of Fisher to which Fisher or any of
its  Subsidiaries is a party as of the date of this Agreement that, 
individually or collectively and as a result of the transaction  contemplated
hereby (whether alone or upon the occurrence of any  additional or subsequent
events) would reasonably be expected to give rise  to the payment of any
amount that would not be deductible pursuant to  Sections 280G or 162(m) of
the Code.   (ix) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, with respect to each Fisher Benefit Plan 
established or maintained outside of the United States for the benefit of 
employees of Fisher or any Subsidiary of Fisher residing outside the  United
States (each, a "Fisher Foreign Plan"): (i) each Fisher Foreign  Plan is in
compliance with the applicable provisions of the laws and  regulations
regarding employee benefits, mandatory contributions and  retirement plans of
each jurisdiction applicable to such Fisher Foreign  Plan; (ii) each Fisher
Foreign Plan required to be registered has been  registered and has been
maintained in good standing with applicable  regulatory authorities and (iii)
the fair market value of the assets of  each funded Fisher Foreign Plan, the
liability of each insurer for any  Fisher Foreign Plan funded through
insurance or the book reserve  established for any Fisher Foreign Plan,
together with any accrued  contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide
for the accrued benefit  obligations, as of the Closing Date, with respect to
all current and  former participants in such plan according to the actuarial
assumptions  and valuations most recently used to determine employer
contributions to  such Fisher Foreign Plan and no transaction contemplated by
this Agreement  shall cause such assets or insurance obligations to be less
than such  benefit obligations, and any and all amounts required to be
accrued with  respect to any Fisher Foreign Plan or pursuant to any
statutory  requirements pertaining to employee benefits, mandatory
contributions,  retirement plans or similar benefits, have been properly and
timely  accrued, including accruals relating to any severance, termination
pay or  profit sharing benefits.   (j) Taxes. Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole:   (i) Each
of Fisher and its Subsidiaries has (A) duly and  timely filed (or there have
been filed on its behalf) all Tax Returns (as  defined in Section 3.1(j)(xi))
required to be filed by it (taking into  account all applicable extensions)
with   -22-    the appropriate Tax Authority (as defined in Section
3.1(j)(xi)) and all  such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete, (B)
timely paid in full  all Taxes (as defined in Section 3.1(j)(xi)) required to
be paid by it and  (C) made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP (or
there has been  paid or provision has been made on its behalf) for the
payment of all  Taxes not yet due and (D) complied with all Applicable Laws
relating to  the payment and withholding of Taxes.   (ii) There are no
Liens for Taxes upon any property or assets  of Fisher or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for Liens for Taxes not yet  due and payable or for
which adequate reserves have been provided in  accordance with GAAP in the
most recent financial statements contained in  the Fisher SEC Documents filed
prior to the date of this Agreement.   (iii) The most recent financial
statements contained in the  Fisher SEC Documents reflect an adequate (A)
reserve in accordance with  GAAP for all Tax liabilities of Fisher and its
Subsidiaries for all  taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through
the date of such  financial statements and (B) valuation allowance in
accordance with GAAP  for all deferred tax assets of Fisher and its
Subsidiaries for all taxable  periods and portions thereof accrued through
the date of such financial  statements.   (iv) There is no audit,
examination, deficiency, refund  litigation, proposed adjustment or matter in
controversy with respect to  any Taxes or Tax Return of Fisher or any of its
Subsidiaries. Neither  Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
written notice of any  claim made by a Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction
where Fisher or any  of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, does not file a Tax
Return, that  Fisher or such Subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by
that  jurisdiction.   (v) The Tax Returns of Fisher and each of its
Subsidiaries,  including any predecessors thereof, have been examined by the
applicable  Tax Authority (or the applicable statutes of limitations for
the  assessment of income Taxes for such periods have expired) for all
periods  through and including December 31, 2003, and no deficiencies were
asserted  as a result of such examinations which have not been resolved and
fully  paid or accrued as a liability on the most recent financial
statements  contained in the Fisher SEC Documents.   (vi) There are no
outstanding requests, agreements, consents  or waivers to extend the
statutory period of limitations applicable to the  assessment of any Taxes or
deficiencies against Fisher or any of its  Subsidiaries, and no power of
attorney granted by either Fisher or any of  its Subsidiaries with respect to
any Taxes is currently in force.   (vii) Neither Fisher nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party  to any agreement providing for the allocation,
indemnification or sharing  of Taxes (other than any agreements solely
between or among Fisher and its  Subsidiaries), and neither Fisher nor any of
its Subsidiaries (A) has been  a member of an affiliated group (or similar
state, local or foreign filing  group) filing a consolidated income Tax
Return (other than a group   -23-    the common parent of which is
Fisher) or (B) has any liability for the  Taxes of any Person (other than
Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries) under  Treasury Regulation ss. 1.1502-6
(or any similar provision of state, local  or foreign law), as a transferee
or successor, by contract or otherwise.   (viii) Neither Fisher nor any of
its Subsidiaries has (A)  agreed to make nor is it required to make any
material adjustment under  Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change
in accounting method or  otherwise; or (B) constituted either a "distributing
corporation" or a  "controlled corporation" (within the meaning of Section
355(a)(1)(A) of  the Code) in a distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free
treatment  under Section 355 of the Code (I) in the two years prior to the
date of  this Agreement or (II) in a distribution which could otherwise
constitute  part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions" (within the
meaning  of Section 355(e) of the Code) in connection with the Merger.  
(ix) Fisher is not, and has not been, a United States real  property holding
corporation (as defined in Section 897(c)(2) of the Code)  during the
applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the  Code.   (x)
No closing agreements, private letter rulings, technical  advice memoranda or
similar agreement or ruling have been entered into or  issued by any Tax
Authority with respect to Fisher or any of its  Subsidiaries within five
years of the date of this Agreement, and no such  agreement or ruling has
been applied for and is currently pending.   (xi) "Taxes" means any and all
federal, state, local, foreign  or other taxes of any kind (together with any
and all interest, penalties,  additions to tax and additional amounts imposed
with respect thereto)  imposed by any Governmental Entity, including, without
limitation, taxes  or other charges on or with respect to income, franchises,
windfall or  other profits, gross receipts, property, sales, use, capital
stock,  payroll, employment, unemployment, social security, workers\'
compensation,  or net worth, and taxes or other charges in the nature of
excise,  withholding, ad valorem or value added; "Tax Authority" means the
IRS and  any other domestic or foreign Governmental Entity responsible for
the  administration or collection of any Taxes; and "Tax Return" means any 
return, report or similar statement (including the attached schedules) 
required to be filed with respect to Taxes, including, without limitation, 
any information return, claim for refund, amended return, or declaration  of
estimated Taxes.   (k) Interested Party Transactions. Since the date of the
Fisher Balance Sheet, no event has occurred that would be required to be
reported as a Certain Relationship or Related Transaction pursuant to
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 57 or Item 404 of Regulation
S-K of the SEC.   (l) Environmental Matters. Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (i) the
operations of Fisher and its Subsidiaries are, and at all times since January
1, 2004 have been, in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws  
-24-   (as defined in Section 8.3(d)), including possession and compliance
with the terms of all licenses, permits, registrations, approvals,
certifications and consents required by Environmental Laws, (ii) there are no
pending or, to the Knowledge of Fisher, threatened suits, actions,
investigations or proceedings under or pursuant to Environmental Laws against
Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries or involving any real property currently
or, to the Knowledge of Fisher, formerly owned, operated or leased or other
sites at which Hazardous Materials (as defined in Section 8.3(f) were
disposed of, or allegedly disposed of, by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries,
(iii) Fisher and its Subsidiaries are not subject to and have received no
written allegations of any Environmental Liabilities (as defined in Section
8.3(e)), and no facts, circumstances or conditions relating to, arising from,
associated with or attributable to any real property currently or, to the
Knowledge of Fisher, formerly owned, operated or leased by Fisher or any of
its Subsidiaries or operations thereon has resulted in or would reasonably be
expected to result in Environmental Liabilities, and (iv) all real property
owned or operated by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries is free of
contamination from Hazardous Materials that would have an adverse effect on
human health or the environment.   (m) Intellectual Property. Except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (i)
Fisher or a Subsidiary of Fisher (A) owns and is listed in the records of the
appropriate United States, state or foreign registry as the current owner of
record for each application and registration of Intellectual Property or (B)
has a legally enforceable right to use (in each case, free and clear of any
Liens) all Intellectual Property used in or necessary for the conduct of its
business as currently conducted, including without limitation all patents and
patent applications and all trademark registrations and trademark
applications; (ii) except as set forth in Section 3.1(m)(ii) of the Fisher
Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of Fisher, the conduct of the business
of Fisher and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe on or
misappropriate, either directly or indirectly (such as through contributory
infringement or inducement to infringe), the Intellectual Property rights of
any Person, and the use by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries of any
Intellectual Property is, to the Knowledge of Fisher, in accordance with any
applicable grant, license, agreement, instrument or other arrangement
pursuant to which Fisher or any Affiliate acquired the right to use such
Intellectual Property; (iii) to the Knowledge of Fisher, no Person
is misappropriating, infringing, diluting or otherwise violating any right
of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Intellectual
Property owned or used by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries, and no such
claims, suits, arbitrations or other adversarial proceedings have been
brought or threatened against any Person by Fisher or any of its
Subsidiaries; (iv) to the Knowledge of Fisher, except as set forth in Section
3.1(m)(iv) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule, neither Fisher nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received written notice by any Person of any pending or
threatened claim, suit, action, mediation, arbitration, order or other
adversarial proceeding (A) alleging infringement (or other violation) by
Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries of Intellectual Property or other rights of
any Person or (B) challenging Fisher\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\'
ownership or use of, or the validity, enforcement, registrability or
maintenance of, any Intellectual Property owned or used by Fisher or any
of its Subsidiaries, and, to the Knowledge of Fisher, no Intellectual
Property owned or used by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries is being used or
enforced in a manner that would reasonably be expected to result in the
abandonment, cancellation or unenforceability of such Intellectual Property;
(v) to the Knowledge of Fisher, the Intellectual Property owned or used by
Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries (A) has been duly maintained, (B) is
subsisting, in full force and effect, (C) is valid and  
-25-   enforceable, (D) has not expired, been cancelled or abandoned and
(E) all maintenance, registration and renewal fees necessary to preserve the
rights of Fisher in connection with such Intellectual Property have been paid
in a timely manner, and there are no actions that must be taken by Fisher or
any of its Subsidiaries within 90 days from the date hereof, including the
payment of any registration, maintenance or renewal fees or the filing with
the United States Patent and Trademark Office or such other appropriate U.S.
or foreign office or similar administrative agency of documents, applications
or certificates for the purposes of obtaining, maintaining, perfecting,
preserving or renewing any rights in the registered or applied-for
Intellectual Property; (vi) to the Knowledge of Fisher, except as set forth
in Section 3.1(m)(vi) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule, neither Fisher nor
any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any consents, judgments, orders,
indemnifications, forbearances to sue, settlement agreements, licenses or
other arrangements which (A) restrict Fisher\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\'
right to use any Intellectual Property, (B) restrict Fisher\'s or any of its
Subsidiaries\' businesses in order to accommodate a third Person\'s
Intellectual Property rights, (C) permit third parties to use any
Intellectual Property owned or controlled by Fisher or any of
its Subsidiaries or (D) reasonably would be expected to provide a third
Person a defense to patent infringement in connection with any Intellectual
Property owned or used by Fisher; (vii) to the Knowledge of Fisher, Fisher
and each of its Subsidiaries has used reasonable best efforts to maintain
the confidentiality of the Intellectual Property and all other property used
in the business of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries as presently conducted;
and (viii) each current and former employee of Fisher or any of its
Subsidiaries who has contributed to or participated in research and
development activities will not, after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated herein, own or retain any rights to use any of the Intellectual
Property owned or used by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge
of Fisher, no software used in the conduct of its business (a) contains any
device or feature designed to disrupt, disable, or otherwise impair its
functioning, or (b) is subject to the terms of any "open source" or other
similar license requiring source code of software owned by Fisher to be
publicly distributed or dedicated to the public, other than any such device,
feature or license which, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the loss or
impairment of or payment of any additional amounts with respect to Fisher\'s
right to own, use, or hold for use any of the Intellectual Property owned,
used, or held for use in the conduct of its business as currently conducted
other than any such losses, impairments, payments, conflicts, or failure to
obtain consents, which, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (n) FDA Compliance. All products currently
being manufactured, tested, developed, processed, labeled, stored or
distributed by or on behalf of Fisher and its Subsidiaries, which are subject
to the jurisdiction of the FDA, are being manufactured, tested, developed,
processed, labeled, stored, distributed, and marketed and promoted, including
promotions on Fisher\'s website, in compliance with all Applicable Laws or
regulations issued by the FDA or any other Governmental Entity, including
without limitation, the FDA\'s current Good Manufacturing Practice
(including, but not limited to, compliance with corrective and preventive
action requirements) and Medical Device Reporting regulations, and recalls
and corrective actions that are required to be reported to the FDA pursuant
to 21 C.F.R. Part 806 have been reported, except where any failure to so
comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All  
-26-   applicable operations of Fisher and each of its Subsidiaries have
achieved and maintained ISO 13485 Quality System certification, and there is
no pending or, to Fisher\'s Knowledge, threatened, audit, repeal, failure to
renew or challenge to any such certifications, other than where the failure
to achieve or maintain such certification or any such audit, repeal, failure
to renew or challenge would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All
products being manufactured by Fisher and its Subsidiaries are in compliance
with applicable registration and listing requirements required by Applicable
Law for each site at which a product of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries is
manufactured except where any failure to so comply would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All pre-clinical and clinical trials being
conducted by or on behalf of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries or that were
conducted on its behalf to support FDA approvals or clearances are being or
were conducted in compliance with all Applicable Laws of the FDA or any other
Governmental Entity, including without limitation, the applicable FDA
regulations and federal and state laws, and regulations restricting the use
and disclosure of individually identifiable health information except where
any failure to so comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Neither Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries is the subject, officially or
otherwise, of any pending or, to Fisher\'s Knowledge, threatened in writing
investigation by the FDA pursuant to its "Fraud, Untrue Statements of
Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities" Final Policy set forth in 56
Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) and any amendments thereto. To Fisher\'s
Knowledge, there is no reasonable basis for the FDA to invoke its policy with
respect to "Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery and Illegal
Gratuities" and any amendments thereto with respect to the operations
of Fisher or any its Subsidiaries that would result in any material violation
of such policies. To Fisher\'s Knowledge, each product distributed, sold or
leased, or service rendered, by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries complies
with all applicable product safety standards of each applicable product
safety agency, commission, board or other Governmental Entity, other than
where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole. Fisher and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all
applicable FDA import and export requirements, including, but not limited to,
import-for-export requirements, export notifications or authorizations and
record keeping requirements except as would not have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole. All devices distributed by Fisher and its Subsidiaries have obtained
any clearances or approvals required by the FDA to market these devices,
including any modifications to the devices or their labeling, except as would
not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (o) State Takeover
Statutes. Fisher has, or will have prior to the Effective Time, taken all
necessary action so that, assuming compliance by Thermo Electron and Merger
Sub with their respective obligations hereunder and the accuracy of the
representations and warranties made by Thermo Electron and Merger Sub herein,
no "business combination," "moratorium," "fair price," "control share
acquisition" or other state antitakeover statute or regulation nor any
takeover-related provision in the Fisher Organizational Documents, would (i)
prohibit or restrict Fisher\'s ability to perform its obligations under
this Agreement, any related agreement or the Certificate of Merger or its
ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (ii)
have the effect of invalidating or voiding this Agreement   -27-   or
the Certificate of Merger, or any provision hereof or thereof, or
(iii) subject Thermo Electron to any impediment or condition in connection
with the exercise of any of its rights under this Agreement or the
Certificate of Merger.   (p) Brokers. Except for fees payable to Goldman,
Sachs and Co ("Goldman") and Lazard Freres and Co. LLC ("Lazard"), no broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is entitled to any
broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Fisher. Fisher has previously delivered
to Thermo Electron a true and complete copy of the engagement letters between
each of Goldman and Lazard and Fisher.   (q) Opinion of Financial Advisor.
Fisher has received the opinion of each of Goldman and Lazard, dated the date
of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date, the Exchange Ratio is
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Fisher Common
Stock.   (r) Material Contracts.   (i) For purposes of this Agreement,
"Fisher Material  Contract" shall mean:   (A) Any employment, severance or
consulting Contract or  offer letter with an employee or former employee,
officer or  director of Fisher or any Subsidiary of Fisher (other than any 
unwritten Contract for the employment of any such employee or former 
employee implied at law) which will require the payment of amounts  by Fisher
or any Subsidiary of Fisher, as applicable, after the date  hereof in excess
of $750,000 per annum;   (B) Any collective bargaining Contract, or any
other  agreement or work rule or practice with any labor union, labor 
organization or works council;   (C) Any Contract for capital expenditures
or the  acquisition or construction of fixed assets which requires
aggregate  future payments in excess of $10,000,000;   (D) Any Contract
containing covenants of Fisher or any  Subsidiary of Fisher (1) to indemnify
or hold harmless another  Person or group of Persons, unless such
indemnification or hold  harmless obligation to such Person, or group of
Persons, as the case  may be, would not reasonably be expected to exceed a
maximum of  $5,000,000 (except for product warranty obligations in Contracts
for  the sale of goods in the ordinary course of business) or (2) not to 
(or otherwise restrict or limit the ability of Fisher or any of its 
Subsidiaries to) compete in any line of business or geographic area;  
-28-    (E) Any Contract requiring aggregate future payments or 
expenditures in excess of $5,000,000 and relating to cleanup,  abatement,
remediation or similar actions in connection with  environmental
liabilities;   (F) Any license, royalty Contract or other Contract with 
respect to Intellectual Property which, pursuant to the terms  thereof,
requires payments by Fisher or any Subsidiary of Fisher in  excess of
$3,000,000 per annum;   (G) Any Contract pursuant to which Fisher or any 
Subsidiary of Fisher has entered into a partnership or joint venture  with
any other Person (other than Fisher or any Subsidiary of  Fisher) for which
the carrying value exceeds $5,000,000;   (H) Any indenture, mortgage, loan,
guarantee or credit  Contract under which Fisher or any Subsidiary of Fisher
has  outstanding indebtedness or any outstanding note, bond, indenture or 
other evidence of indebtedness for borrowed money or otherwise or  any
guaranteed indebtedness for money borrowed by others, in each  case, for or
guaranteeing an amount in excess of $10,000,000, other  than any such
indebtedness between Fisher (whether as creditor or  debtor) and any wholly
owned Subsidiary of Fisher or between any  wholly owned Subsidiaries of
Fisher;   (I) Any Contract under which Fisher or any Subsidiary of  Fisher
is (1) a lessee of real property, (2) a lessee of, or holds  or uses, any
machinery, equipment, vehicle or other tangible  personal property owned by a
third Person, (3) a lessor of real  property, or (4) a lessor of any tangible
personal property owned by  Fisher or any Subsidiary of Fisher, in each case
which requires  annual payments in excess of $3,000,000;   (J) Any Contract
(other than purchase or sale orders in  the ordinary course of business that
are terminable or cancelable by  Fisher without penalty on 90 days\' notice
or less) under which  Fisher or any Subsidiary of Fisher is a purchaser or
supplier of  goods and services which, pursuant to the terms thereof,
requires  payments by or to Fisher or any Subsidiary of Fisher in excess of 
$10,000,000 per annum;   (K) Any material Contract (including guarantees)
between  Fisher or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of Fisher and another 
Subsidiary of Fisher that is not wholly-owned by Fisher;   (L) Any Contract
other than a Fisher Benefit Plan which  requires payments by Fisher or any
Subsidiary of Fisher in excess of  (i) $3,000,000 per annum containing
"change of control" or similar  provisions, or (ii) $1,000,000, to the
Knowledge of Fisher,  containing "change of control" or similar
provisions;   -29-    (M) Any Contract entered into on or after January
1, 2003  relating to the acquisition or disposition of any business or any 
assets (whether by merger, sale of stock or assets or otherwise), in  an
amount in excess of $100,000,000 (all of which Contracts have  been made
available to Thermo Electron prior to the date hereof);   (N) Any Contract
(other than Contracts of the type  described in subclauses (A) through (M)
above) that involves  aggregate payments by or to Fisher or any Subsidiary of
Fisher in  excess of $25,000,000 per annum; and   (O) Any Contract the
termination or breach of which, or  the failure to obtain consent in respect
of which, would reasonably  be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Fisher and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (ii) Schedule. Section
3.1(r)(ii) of the Fisher Disclosure  Schedule sets forth a list of all Fisher
Material Contracts as of the date  hereof other than those listed as an
exhibit to Fisher\'s most recent Form  10-K.   (iii) No Breach. All Fisher
Material Contracts are valid and  in full force and effect and enforceable in
accordance with their  respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency,  reorganization, moratorium or other laws relating to or
affecting the  rights and remedies of creditors generally and to general
principles of  equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in
equity or at  law), except to the extent that (A) they have previously
expired in  accordance with their terms or (B) the failure to be in full
force and  effect, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected  to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries,
taken as  a whole. Neither Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to
Fisher\'s  Knowledge, any counterparty to any Fisher Material Contract, has
violated  any provision of, or committed or failed to perform any act which,
with or  without notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a default
under  the provisions of any Fisher Material Contract, except in each case
for  those violations and defaults which, individually or in the aggregate, 
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  Fisher
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (s) Real Property. Section 3.1(s)
of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule lists all material real property owned in
fee by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries (the "Fisher Owned Real Property")
or leased by Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries as lessee (the "Fisher Leased
Real Property"). Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries owns good and valid title
to the Fisher Owned Real Property and has valid and enforceable leasehold
interests under the leases with respect to the Fisher Leased Real Property,
free and clear of all Liens other than (i) Permitted Liens (as defined in
Section 8.3(k) and (ii) easements, covenants, rights-of-way and other
encumbrances or restrictions, whether recorded or referred to in an
applicable lease or unrecorded, which do not materially impair the continued
use of the property subject thereto as currently used, but in no event, with
respect to clauses (i) and (ii), environmental or Tax Liens, judgments, lis
pendens or any Lien that would render the title to the Fisher Owned Real
Property uninsurable by a reputable title insurance company. All of the
improvements located on any   -30-   Fisher Owned Real Property or Fisher
Leased Real Property are in good condition and repair (subject to normal wear
and tear) without any structural defects of any kind. Except as set forth in
Section 3.1(s) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule, each material lease with
respect to the Fisher Leased Real Property is valid, unmodified and in full
force and effect, and there are no material subleases with respect to the
Fisher Leased Real Property. Neither any landlord nor Fisher nor any of its
Subsidiaries party to any material lease with respect to the Fisher Leased
Real Property is in monetary or other material default under any such
lease.   (t) Reorganization. As of the date of this Agreement,
neither Fisher nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) has taken (or caused to be
taken) any action or knows of any fact, agreement, plan or other circumstance
that would reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as
a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code or (b)
knows of any reason why all approvals required for the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement should not be obtained on a
timely basis.   SECTION 3.2. Representations and Warranties of Thermo
Electron and Merger Sub . Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule
dated as of the date of this Agreement and executed and delivered by Thermo
Electron and Merger Sub to Fisher concurrently with or prior to the execution
and delivery by Thermo Electron and Merger Sub of this Agreement (the "Thermo
Electron Disclosure Schedule"), Thermo Electron and Merger Sub represent and
warrant to Fisher as set forth in this Section 3.2. Each disclosure set forth
in the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule, and any other information
included in the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule, is identified by
reference to, or has been grouped under a heading referring to, a specific
individual subsection of this Agreement and shall be deemed to be disclosed
solely for purposes of, and shall qualify and be treated as an exception to,
such subsection, except to the extent that disclosure in one subsection of
the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule is specifically referred to in
another subsection of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule by appropriate
cross-reference and except to the extent that the relevance of a disclosure
in one subsection of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule to another
subsection of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule is reasonably apparent.
The parties hereby agree that no reference to or disclosure of any item or
other matter in the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule shall be construed as
an admission or indication that (1) such item or other matter is material,
(2) such item or other matter is required to be referred to or disclosed in
the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule or (3) any breach or violation of
Applicable Laws or any Contract exists or has actually occurred.   (a)
Organization, Standing and Corporate Power; Charter Documents;
Subsidiaries.   (i) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Thermo 
Electron and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation or other legal  entity
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (with respect  to
jurisdictions which recognize such concept) under the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or otherwise organized and has  the
requisite corporate (or similar) power and authority and all necessary 
government approvals to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry 
on its business as currently conducted, except for those jurisdictions in 
which the failure to have such power, authority or government approvals  and
to be so organized, existing or   -31-    in good standing would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably  be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect (as defined in Section  8.3(i)) on Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Each of  Thermo Electron and each of its
Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed  to do business and is in good
standing (with respect to jurisdictions  which recognize such concept) in
each jurisdiction in which the nature or  conduct of its business or the
ownership, leasing or operation of its  properties makes such qualification,
licensing or good standing necessary,  except for those jurisdictions where
the failure to be so qualified or  licensed or to be in good standing would
not, individually or in the  aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on  Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.   (ii) Charter Documents. Thermo Electron and Merger Sub have 
delivered or made available to Fisher prior to the execution of this 
Agreement complete and correct copies of (A) the Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation of Thermo Electron (including all  certificates
of designation), as amended and currently in effect (the  "Thermo Electron
Charter"), and the By-Laws of Thermo Electron, as amended  and currently in
effect (the "Thermo Electron By-Laws," and, together with  the Thermo
Electron Charter, the "Thermo Electron Organizational  Documents") and (B)
the articles of incorporation and By-Laws of Merger  Sub and articles or
certificate of incorporation and By-Laws or like  organizational documents of
each of the Thermo Electron Material  Subsidiaries (as defined in Section
3.2(a)(iii)), as amended and currently  in effect (collectively, the "Thermo
Electron Subsidiary Organizational  Documents"), and each such instrument is
in full force and effect. Thermo  Electron is not in material violation of
the Thermo Electron  Organizational Documents and no Thermo Electron Material
Subsidiary is in  material violation of its Thermo Electron Subsidiary
Organizational  Documents.   (iii) Subsidiaries. Section 3.2(a)(iii) of the
Thermo  Electron Disclosure Schedule lists all the Subsidiaries of Thermo
Electron  which, as of the date of this Agreement, have annual gross revenues
in  excess of $200,000,000 (the "Thermo Electron Material Subsidiaries"). 
Except as set forth in Section 3.2(a)(iii) of the Thermo Electron  Disclosure
Schedule, all the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or  other equity
interests in, each Thermo Electron Material Subsidiary have  been validly
issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned  directly or
indirectly by Thermo Electron, free and clear of all Liens and  free of any
other restriction (including preemptive rights and any  restriction on the
right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such  capital stock or other
ownership interests).   (b) Capital Structure.   (i) The authorized
capital stock of Thermo Electron consists  of 350,000,000 shares of Thermo
Electron Common Stock, and 50,000 shares  of preferred stock, par value $100
per share ("Thermo Electron Preferred  Stock"), of which 40,000 shares have
been designated Series B Junior  Participating Preferred Stock. At the close
of business on May 1, 2006,  (A) 163,699,909 shares of Thermo Electron Common
Stock (including all  awards based on Thermo Electron Common Stock that are
restricted stock  granted under a Thermo Electron stock plan listed in
Section 3.2(b)(i) of  the Thermo   -32-    Electron Disclosure Schedule
(which list includes the total aggregate  number of options authorized for
issuance under such plans) (such plans,  collectively, the "Thermo Electron
Stock Plans") within the meaning of the  applicable Thermo Electron Stock
Plan ("Thermo Electron Restricted  Stock")) were issued and outstanding; (B)
19,345,041 shares of Thermo  Electron Common Stock were held by Thermo
Electron in its treasury; (C) no  shares of Thermo Electron Preferred Stock
were issued and outstanding; (D)  1,845,936 shares of Thermo Electron Common
Stock were reserved for  issuance upon conversion of Thermo Electron\'s 3.25%
Subordinated  Convertible Debentures due 2007 (the "Thermo Electron
Convertible  Debentures"); and (E) 21,657,555 shares of Thermo Electron
Common Stock  were reserved for issuance in respect of outstanding options to
acquire  shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock ("Thermo Electron Options")
or  outstanding awards based on Thermo Electron Common Stock that are 
restricted stock units within the meaning of the applicable Thermo  Electron
Stock Plan ("Thermo Electron Restricted Stock Units") granted  under a Thermo
Electron Stock Plan, complete and correct copies of which,  in each case as
amended, have been filed as exhibits to the Thermo  Electron SEC Documents
(as defined in Section 3.2(d)(i)) prior to the date  of this Agreement or
made available to Fisher. Each outstanding share of  capital stock of Thermo
Electron is duly authorized, validly issued, fully  paid, nonassessable and
free of preemptive rights.   (ii) All shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock
subject to  issuance under the Thermo Electron Stock Plans and the Thermo
Electron  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Thermo Electron Purchase Plan"),
upon  issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the instruments
pursuant  to which they are issuable, will be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully  paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.  
(iii) No Voting Debt of Thermo Electron is issued or  outstanding as of the
date hereof.   (iv) As of May 1, 2006, there are no securities, options, 
warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements, arrangements or 
undertakings of any kind to which Thermo Electron or any of its  Subsidiaries
is a party or by which any of them is bound obligating Thermo  Electron or
any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to  be issued,
delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock, Voting  Debt or other
voting securities of Thermo Electron or any of its  Subsidiaries, or
obligating Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries to  issue, grant,
extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant,  call, right,
commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. All  outstanding shares of
Thermo Electron Common Stock, all outstanding Thermo  Electron Options and
all outstanding shares of capital stock of each  Subsidiary of Thermo
Electron have been issued and granted in compliance  in all material respects
with (A) all applicable securities laws and all  other Applicable Laws and
(B) all requirements set forth in applicable  material Contracts.   (v)
Since December 31, 2005, and through the date hereof,  other than (A)
issuances of Thermo Electron Common Stock pursuant to the  exercise of Thermo
Electron Options granted under Thermo Electron Stock  Plans, (B) issuances
of   -33-    Thermo Electron Common Stock pursuant to the Thermo Electron
Purchase  Plan, (C) repurchases of Thermo Electron Common Stock from
employees of  Thermo Electron following their termination pursuant to the
terms of their  pre-existing stock option or purchase agreements, (D)
issuances of Thermo  Electron Common Stock (consisting of newly-issued shares
or shares in  treasury) as contributions of Thermo Electron Common Stock to
defined  contribution plans sponsored by Thermo Electron and (E) grants of
Thermo  Electron Options or stock awards under Thermo Electron Stock Plans,
there  has been no increase in (1) the outstanding capital stock of Thermo 
Electron, (2) the number of Thermo Electron Options outstanding or (3) the 
number of other options, restricted stock awards, warrants or other rights 
to purchase Thermo Electron capital stock.   (vi) Neither Thermo Electron
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a  party to any currently effective agreement
(A) restricting the purchase or  transfer of, (B) relating to the voting of,
(C) requiring the repurchase,  redemption or disposition of, or containing
any right of first refusal  with respect to, (D) requiring registration of or
(E) granting any  preemptive or antidilutive rights with respect to any
capital stock of  Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries or any
securities of the type  referred to in Section 3.2(b)(iv) hereof.   (vii)
Other than in Subsidiaries of Thermo Electron, as of  the date hereof,
neither Thermo Electron nor its Subsidiaries directly or  indirectly
beneficially owns any securities or other beneficial ownership  interests in
any other entity except for non-controlling investments in  entities with an
individual book value of less than $5,000,000 and which  are not individually
or in the aggregate material to Thermo Electron and  its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole. There are no outstanding contractual  obligations of Thermo
Electron or any of its Subsidiaries to make any loan  to, or any equity or
other investment (in the form of a capital  contribution or otherwise) in,
any Subsidiary of Thermo Electron or any  other Person, other than guarantees
by Thermo Electron of any indebtedness  or other obligations of any wholly-
owned Subsidiary of Thermo Electron and  other than loans made in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice  to employees of Thermo
Electron and its Subsidiaries.   (viii) The authorized capital stock of
Merger Sub consists of  1,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per
share, all of which  shares are issued and outstanding. Thermo Electron is
the legal and  beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares
of Merger  Sub. Merger Sub was formed at the direction of Thermo Electron
prior to  the date hereof, solely for the purposes of effecting the Merger
and the  other transactions contemplated hereby. Except as required by or
provided  for in this Agreement, Merger Sub (x) does not hold, nor has it
held, any  assets, (y) does not have, nor has it incurred, any liabilities
and (z)  has not carried on any business activities other than in connection
with  the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby. All of the 
outstanding shares of capital stock of Merger Sub have been duly  authorized
and validly issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable and  not subject to
any preemptive rights.   (ix) Neither Thermo Electron nor any of its
Subsidiaries own  any shares of capital stock of Fisher or any of its
Subsidiaries. Neither  Thermo Electron   -34-    nor Merger Sub is, or
will become prior to the Effective Time, an  "interested stockholder" with
respect to Fisher within the meaning of  Section 203 of the DGCL.   (c)
Authority; Board Approval; Voting Requirements; No Conflict; Required Filings
and Consents.   (i) Authority. Each of Thermo Electron and Merger Sub has
all  requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement,
to  perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by  Thermo
Electron and Merger Sub, and the consummation by Thermo Electron  and Merger
Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly and  validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Thermo  Electron
and Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of  Thermo
Electron and Merger Sub and no stockholder votes are necessary to  authorize
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated  hereby, other
than, with respect to the issuance of shares of Thermo  Electron Common Stock
(as defined in Section 2.1) in connection with the  Merger (the "Stock
Issuance"), and the amendment of the Thermo Electron  Charter (as defined in
Section 3.2(a)(ii)), to increase the authorized  number of shares of Thermo
Electron Common Stock from 350,000,000 to 1.2  billion (or such larger amount
as the parties may mutually agree), to make  such increase to the authorized
preferred stock as the parties may  mutually determine, and change the name
of Thermo Electron to Thermo  Fisher Scientific Inc. (the "Charter
Amendment"), the Thermo Electron  Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section
3.2(c)(iii)). This Agreement  has been duly executed and delivered by Thermo
Electron and Merger Sub.  Assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery of this Agreement  by Fisher, this Agreement constitutes the legal,
valid and binding  obligation of each of Thermo Electron and Merger Sub,
enforceable against  Thermo Electron and Merger Sub in accordance with its
terms, subject to  applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other  laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of
creditors  generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of
whether  considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   (ii) Board
Approval. The Board of Directors of Thermo  Electron has (A) determined that
this Agreement, the Merger, the Stock  Issuance and the Charter Amendment are
advisable and fair to and in the  best interests of Thermo Electron and its
stockholders, (B) duly approved  and adopted this Agreement, the Merger, the
Stock Issuance, the Charter  Amendment and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, which adoption  has not been rescinded or modified, (C)
resolved to recommend this  Agreement and the Merger to its stockholders for
approval, and (D) subject  to Section 5.1(b), directed that the Stock
Issuance and the Charter  Amendment be submitted to Thermo Electron\'s
stockholders for consideration  and approval at a duly held meeting of such
stockholders in accordance  with this Agreement.   (iii) Voting
Requirements. The affirmative vote of holders of  a majority of the Thermo
Electron Common Stock present or represented and  entitled to vote on the
Stock Issuance at the Thermo Electron  Stockholders\' Meeting, is the only
vote of the holders of any class or  series of Thermo Electron capital stock
necessary to   -35-    approve the Stock Issuance, and no other vote of
the holders of any class  or series of Thermo Electron capital stock is
necessary to approve the  Stock Issuance. The affirmative vote of holders of
a majority of the  outstanding shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock
entitled to vote on the  Charter Amendment at the Thermo Electron
Stockholders\' Meeting, is the  only vote of the holders of any class or
series of Thermo Electron capital  stock necessary to approve the Charter
Amendment, and no other vote of the  holders of any class or series of Thermo
Electron capital stock is  necessary to approve the Charter Amendment.  
(iv) No Conflict. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(c)(iv)  of the Thermo
Electron Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of  this Agreement
by Thermo Electron and Merger Sub do not, and the  consummation by Thermo
Electron and Merger Sub of the transactions  contemplated hereby and
compliance by Thermo Electron and Merger Sub with  the provisions of this
Agreement will not, conflict with, result in any  violation or breach of or
default (with or without notice or lapse of  time, or both) under, require
any consent, waiver or approval under, give  rise to any right of termination
or cancellation or acceleration of any  right or obligation or loss of a
benefit under, or result in the creation  of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of Thermo Electron or any  of its Subsidiaries or any
restriction on the conduct of Thermo Electron\'s  business or operations
under, (A) the Thermo Electron Organizational  Documents or the Thermo
Electron Subsidiary Organizational Documents, (B)  any Contract to which
Thermo Electron or any Thermo Electron Subsidiary is  a party or any Thermo
Electron Permit (as defined in Section 3.2(g)(i)) or  (C) subject to the
governmental filings and other matters referred to in  Section 3.2(c)(v), any
judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance,  rule or regulation
applicable to Thermo Electron or any of its  Subsidiaries or their respective
properties or assets, other than, in the  case of clauses (B) and (C), any
such conflicts, violations, defaults,  rights, losses, restrictions or Liens,
or failure to obtain consents,  waivers or approvals, which, individually or
in the aggregate, would not  reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Thermo  Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.   (v) Required Filings or Consents. No consent, approval, order  or
authorization or permit of, action by or in respect of, registration, 
declaration or filing with, or notification to, any Governmental Entity or 
any other Person is required to be made, obtained, performed or given to  or
with respect to Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries in  connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Thermo  Electron or
Merger Sub, the Stock Issuance and the Charter Amendment or  the consummation
by Thermo Electron or Merger Sub of the transactions  contemplated hereby,
except for:   (A) the filing of a pre-merger notification and report  form
by Thermo Electron and Merger Sub under the HSR Act, all  required
notifications and filings under the ECMR and any other  applicable filings or
notifications under the antitrust, competition  or similar laws of any
foreign jurisdiction;   (B) the filing with the SEC of:   -36-    (1)
the Form S-4 (including the Joint Proxy  Statement);   (2) such reports and
filings under Section 13(a),  13(d), 14(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Exchange
Act and the rules  and regulations thereunder as may be required in
connection with  this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;  
(C) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the  Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware and appropriate  documents with the NYSE and the
relevant authorities of other states  in which Thermo Electron or Merger Sub
are qualified to do business  and such filings as may be necessary in
accordance with state  securities or other "blue sky" laws;   (D) the
Thermo Electron Stockholder Approval;   (E) the consents, approvals, orders
or authorizations set  forth in Section 3.2(c)(v)(E) of the Thermo Electron
Disclosure  Schedule;   (F) other such consents, approvals, orders or 
authorizations, the failure of which to be made or obtained,  individually or
in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected  to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
Merger Sub; and   (G) the filing of the Charter Amendment with the 
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.   (d) SEC Documents; Financial
Statements.   (i) Thermo Electron has filed with the SEC all registration 
statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements, 
certifications and other documents (including exhibits and all other 
information incorporated by reference therein) presently required to be so 
filed by Thermo Electron since January 1, 2004 (excluding the Form S-4 and 
the Joint Proxy Statement, the "Thermo Electron SEC Documents"). As of  their
respective dates, the Thermo Electron SEC Documents complied in all  material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the  Exchange Act, as
the case may be, to the extent in effect, SOX and the  rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such  Thermo Electron SEC
Documents, and none of the Thermo Electron SEC  Documents, when filed,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact  or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the  circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, except to the  extent corrected by a subsequently filed
Thermo Electron SEC Document  filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof. No
Subsidiary of Thermo  Electron is subject to the periodic reporting
requirements of the Exchange  Act.   (ii) Each of the principal executive
officer of Thermo  Electron and the principal financial officer of Thermo
Electron (or each  former principal executive   -37-    officer of
Thermo Electron and each former principal financial officer of  Thermo
Electron, as applicable) has made all certifications required by  Rule 13a-14
or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act or Sections 302 and 906 of  SOX and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder with  respect to the
Thermo Electron SEC Documents. For purposes of the  preceding sentence,
"principal executive officer" and "principal financial  officer" shall have
the meanings given to such terms in SOX. Neither  Thermo Electron nor any of
its Subsidiaries has outstanding, or has  arranged any outstanding,
"extensions of credit" to directors or executive  officers within the meaning
of Section 402 of SOX.   (iii) The financial statements of Thermo Electron
included in  the Thermo Electron SEC Documents, including each Thermo
Electron SEC  Document filed after the date hereof until the Effective Time,
comply, as  of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material
respects  with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules
and  regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in 
accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as 
permitted by Form 10-Q or 8-K or other applicable rules of the SEC)  applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may  be
indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present the consolidated 
financial position of Thermo Electron and its consolidated Subsidiaries as 
of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and 
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited 
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments which are not material). 
The financial books and records of Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, 
taken as a whole, are true and correct in all material respects.   (iv)
Except as reflected or reserved against in the balance  sheet of Thermo
Electron, dated December 31, 2005, included in the Form  10-K filed by Thermo
Electron with the SEC on March 2, 2006 (including the  notes thereto, the
"Thermo Electron Balance Sheet") and except as set  forth in Section
3.2(d)(iv) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule,  neither Thermo
Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or  obligations of
any nature (whether absolute, accrued, known or unknown,  contingent or
otherwise) nor, to the Knowledge (as defined in Section  8.3(h)) of Thermo
Electron, does any basis exist therefor, other than  liabilities or
obligations that (A) were incurred since January 1, 2006 in  the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and  individually or in the
aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be  expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, (B) individually or in the aggregate, have  not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse  Effect on Thermo Electron
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (C)  were incurred pursuant to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated  hereby.   (v) Neither Thermo
Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries is a  party to, or has any commitment to
become a party to, any joint venture,  off-balance sheet partnership or any
similar contract or arrangement  (including without limitation any contract
or arrangement relating to any  transaction or relationship between or among
Thermo Electron and any of  its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any
unconsolidated Affiliate,  including without limitation any structured
finance, special purpose or  limited   -38-    purpose entity or Person,
on the other hand, or any "off-balance sheet  arrangement" (as defined in
Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K of the SEC)),  where the result, purpose or
intended effect of such contract or  arrangement is to avoid disclosure of
any material transaction involving,  or material liabilities of, Thermo
Electron or any of its Subsidiaries in  Thermo Electron\'s or such
Subsidiary\'s published financial statements or  other Thermo Electron SEC
Documents.   (vi) No "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC) filed as an exhibit to the Thermo 
Electron Form 10-K has been amended or modified, except for amendments or 
modifications which have been filed as an exhibit to a subsequently dated 
Thermo Electron SEC Document or are not required to be filed with the SEC.  
(e) Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied
by or on behalf of Thermo Electron or Merger Sub for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in (i) the Form S-4 will, at the time the Form
S-4 becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii)
the Joint Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to Thermo
Electron\'s stockholders or at the time of the Thermo Electron Stockholders\'
Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading. The Joint Proxy Statement and the Form S-4 will comply as to
form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.2(e), no representation or
warranty is made by Thermo Electron with respect to information or statements
made or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy
Statement which were not supplied by or on behalf of Thermo Electron.   (f)
Absence of Certain Changes or Events.   (i) Since January 1, 2006 through
the date hereof, except as  and to the extent disclosed in the Thermo
Electron SEC Documents filed  prior to the date of this Agreement and except
for liabilities incurred  pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby:   (A) Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries have
conducted  their business only in the ordinary course consistent with past 
practice;   (B) there has not been any split, combination or 
reclassification of any of Thermo Electron\'s capital stock or any 
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or other 
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of, in  lieu of
or in substitution for, shares of Thermo Electron\'s capital  stock;  
-39-    (C) except as required by a change in GAAP, there has not  been
any change in accounting methods, principles or practices by  Thermo
Electron; and   (D) there has not been any action taken by Thermo  Electron
or any of its Subsidiaries that, if taken during the period  from the date of
this Agreement through the Effective Time, would  constitute a breach of
Section 4.1(a), other than actions in  connection with entering into this
Agreement.   (ii) Since January 1, 2006 through the date hereof, there 
have not been any changes, circumstances or events that, individually or  in
the aggregate, have had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a  Material
Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as  a whole, or
Merger Sub.   (g) Compliance with Applicable Laws; Permits; Litigation.  
(i) Thermo Electron, its Subsidiaries and employees hold all  authorizations,
permits, licenses, certificates, easements, concessions,  franchises,
variances, exemptions, orders, consents, registrations,  approvals and
clearances of all Governmental Entities (including all  authorizations under
the FDCA, and the regulations of the FDA promulgated  thereunder) and third
Persons which are required for Thermo Electron and  its Subsidiaries to own,
lease and operate its properties and other assets  and to carry on their
respective businesses in the manner described in the  Thermo Electron SEC
Documents filed prior to the date hereof and as they  are being conducted as
of the date hereof (the "Thermo Electron Permits"),  and all Thermo Electron
Permits are valid and in full force and effect,  except where the failure to
have, or the suspension or cancellation of, or  the failure to be valid or in
full force and effect of, any such Thermo  Electron Permits, individually or
in the aggregate, would not reasonably  be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.   (ii) Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries are, and have been  at
all times since January 1, 2004, in compliance with the terms of the  Thermo
Electron Permits and all Applicable Laws relating to Thermo  Electron and its
Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets or  properties, except
where the failure to be in compliance with the terms of  the Thermo Electron
Permits or such Applicable Laws, individually or in  the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse  Effect on Thermo Electron
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Since  January 1, 2004, neither
Thermo Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries has  received any written
notification from any Governmental Entity (A)  asserting that Thermo Electron
or any of its Subsidiaries is not in  compliance with, or at any time since
such date has failed to comply with,  Applicable Laws (except for any such
lack of compliance which,  individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have  a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron
and its Subsidiaries, taken  as a whole) or (B) threatening to revoke any
Thermo Electron Permit  (except for any such revocation which, individually
or in the aggregate,  would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on  Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole)
nor, to the  Knowledge of Thermo   -40-    Electron, does any basis
exist therefor. As of the date hereof, no  investigation or review by any
Governmental Entity is pending or, to the  Knowledge of Thermo Electron, has
been threatened in writing against  Thermo Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries, which, individually or in the  aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect  on Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (iii) Thermo Electron is, and has been, in
compliance in all  material respects with the provisions of SOX applicable to
it.   (iv) Except as and to the extent disclosed in the Thermo  Electron
SEC Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement,  including the notes
to the financial statements included therein, no  action, audit, demand,
claim, suit, proceeding, requirement or  investigation by any Governmental
Entity, and no suit, action, mediation,  arbitration or proceeding by any
Person, against or affecting Thermo  Electron or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties,  including Intellectual Property, is
pending or, to the Knowledge of Thermo  Electron, threatened which,
individually or in the aggregate, would  reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Thermo  Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or Merger Sub.   (v) Neither Thermo Electron nor any of its
Subsidiaries is,  or at any time since January 1, 2004 has been, subject to
any outstanding  order, injunction or decree which, individually or in the
aggregate, has  had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on  Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.   (h) Labor and Other Employment Matters.   (i) Except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate,  reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Thermo  Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, (A) no work stoppage,  slowdown, lockout, labor strike, material
arbitrations or other material  labor disputes against Thermo Electron or any
of its Subsidiaries are  pending or, to the Knowledge of Thermo Electron,
threatened, (B) no unfair  labor practice charges, grievances or complaints
are pending or, to the  Knowledge of Thermo Electron, threatened against
Thermo Electron or any of  its Subsidiaries, (C) neither Thermo Electron nor
any of its Subsidiaries  is delinquent in payments to any of its employees
for any wages, salaries,  commissions, bonuses or other direct compensation
for any services  performed for it or amounts required to be reimbursed to
such employees,  (D) neither Thermo Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries is
liable for any  payment to any trust or other fund or to any Governmental
Entity, with  respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security
or other  benefits or obligations for employees, (E) no employee of Thermo
Electron  at the officer level or above has given written notice to Thermo
Electron  or any of its Subsidiaries that any such employee intends to
terminate his  or her employment with Thermo Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries, (F) to  the Knowledge of Thermo Electron, no employee of Thermo
Electron or any of  its Subsidiaries is in any respect in violation of any
term of any  employment contract, nondisclosure agreement, common law
nondisclosure  obligations, non-   -41-    competition agreement, or any
restrictive covenant to a former employer  relating to the right of any such
employee to be employed by Thermo  Electron or any of its Subsidiaries
because of the nature of the business  conducted or presently proposed to be
conducted by Thermo Electron or any  of its Subsidiaries or to the use of
trade secrets or proprietary  information of others,(G) neither Thermo
Electron nor any of its  Subsidiaries is a party to, or otherwise bound by,
any consent decree  with, or citation by, any Governmental Entity relating to
employees or  employment practices and (H) Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries are in  compliance with all Applicable Laws, agreements,
contracts, policies,  plans and programs relating to employment, employment
practices,  compensation, benefits, hours, terms and conditions of employment
and the  termination of employment, including but not limited to any
obligations  pursuant to the WARN Act, or any comparable Applicable Law.  
(ii) As of the date hereof,   (A) neither Thermo Electron nor any of its
Subsidiaries  is a party to, or otherwise bound by, any collective
bargaining  agreement or any other agreement, work rules or practices with
a  labor union, labor organization or works council, which, in the case  of
any non-U.S. agreement, work rules or practices with a labor  union, labor
organization or works council are material to Thermo  Electron and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, nor are any such  agreements, work rules or
practices presently being negotiated;   (B) no employee of Thermo Electron
or any of its  Subsidiaries is represented by any labor union, labor
organization  or works council in his or her capacity as an employee of
Thermo  Electron or any of its Subsidiaries;   (C) no labor union, labor
organization or works council  or group of employees of Thermo Electron or
any of its Subsidiaries  has made a pending demand for recognition or
certification to Thermo  Electron or any of its Subsidiaries, and there are
no representation  or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a
representation  proceeding presently pending or, to the Knowledge of Thermo 
Electron, threatened to be brought or filed with the NLRB or any  other
comparable foreign, state or local labor relations tribunal or  authority;
and   (D) to the Knowledge of Thermo Electron, no labor union,  labor
organization or works council is seeking to organize or  represent any
employees of Thermo Electron or any of its  Subsidiaries.   (i) Benefit
Plans.   (i) Section 3.2(i)(i)(A) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure 
Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of each material Benefit Plan 
as of the date hereof with or for the benefit of any current or former 
employee, officer or director of Thermo Electron or any of its  Subsidiaries
or ERISA Affiliates or with respect to which   -42-    Thermo Electron or
any of its Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates have any  material obligations or
liabilities, including each material Benefit Plan  that has been adopted or
maintained by Thermo Electron, any of its  Subsidiaries or any Affiliate,
whether formally or informally, or with  respect to which Thermo Electron,
any of its Subsidiaries or any Affiliate  will or may have any material
liability, for the benefit of employees or  consultants of Thermo Electron or
any of its Subsidiaries who perform  services outside the United States
(collectively, the "Thermo Electron  Benefit Plans"). With respect to the
Thermo Electron Benefit Plans, no  event has occurred, and there exists no
condition or set of circumstances,  which would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on  Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, under ERISA, the  Code or any other Applicable Laws.
Neither Thermo Electron, nor any of its  Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge
of Thermo Electron, any other Person,  has any express commitment, whether
legally enforceable or not, to modify,  change or terminate any Thermo
Electron Benefit Plan, other than with  respect to a modification, change or
termination required by ERISA or the  Code, or any other Applicable Law or
administrative changes that do not  increase the liabilities or obligations
under any such plans. Thermo  Electron has delivered or made available to
Fisher true, correct and  complete copies of all Thermo Electron Benefit
Plans and, with respect  thereto, if applicable, all amendments, trust
agreements, insurance  contracts, other funding vehicles, determination
letters issued by the  IRS, the most recent annual reports (Form 5500 series)
filed with the IRS  and the most recent actuarial report or other financial
statement relating  to such Thermo Electron Benefit Plan.   (ii) Each
Thermo Electron Benefit Plan has been, in all  material respects,
administered and operated in accordance with its terms,  with the applicable
provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Applicable  Laws and with the terms
of all applicable collective bargaining  agreements. Each Thermo Electron
Benefit Plan, including any material  amendments thereto, that is required to
obtain Approval has received such  Approval (or there remains a period of
time in which to obtain such  Approval retroactive to the date of any
material amendment that has not  previously received such Approval), and no
event has occurred which would  reasonably be expected to result in the
revocation of such Approval or the  imposition of material sanctions by such
authorities. Without limiting the  generality of the foregoing, each Thermo
Electron Benefit Plan that is  intended to be qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code has obtained a  favorable determination letter from the IRS that
the Thermo Electron  Benefit Plan is so qualified and all related trusts are
exempt from U.S.  federal income taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code,
and, to the  Knowledge of Thermo Electron, nothing has occurred, whether by
action or  by failure to act, which would reasonably be expected to cause the
loss of  such qualification or exemption.   (iii) As of the date hereof to
the Knowledge of Thermo  Electron, no oral or written representation or
commitment with respect to  any material aspect of any Thermo Electron
Benefit Plan has been made to  an employee or former employee of Thermo
Electron or any of its  Subsidiaries by an authorized Thermo Electron
employee that is not  materially in accordance with the written or otherwise
pre-existing terms  and provisions of such Thermo Electron Benefit Plans. As
of the date  hereof, to the Knowledge of Thermo Electron, neither Thermo
Electron nor  any of its   -43-    Subsidiaries has entered into any
agreement, arrangement or understanding,  whether written or oral, with any
trade union, works council or other  employee representative body or any
material number or category of its  employees which would prevent, restrict
or materially impede the  implementation of any layoff, redundancy, severance
or similar program  within its or their respective workforces (or any part of
them).   (iv) There are no material unresolved claims or disputes  under
the terms of, or in connection with, any Thermo Electron Benefit  Plan (other
than routine undisputed claims for benefits), and no action,  legal or
otherwise, has been commenced or threatened with respect to any  material
claim or otherwise in connection with a Thermo Electron Benefit  Plan.  
(v) With respect to each Funded Retirement Plan of Thermo  Electron or any of
its Subsidiaries, the aggregate fair market value of  the assets of such
Funded Retirement Plan was, as of the most recently  computed actuarial
valuation of such plan, equal to or greater than the  aggregate value of its
liabilities assessed on an ongoing basis and  calculated in accordance with
the actuarial methods and assumptions used  in such valuation pursuant to
such Funded Retirement Plan and Applicable  Law and GAAP. None of Thermo
Electron or any ERISA Affiliate of Thermo  Electron has incurred, or is
reasonably expected to incur, any liability  to a Funded Retirement Plan
under Title IV of ERISA (other than for  contributions not yet due) or to the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation  (other than for payment of premiums not
yet due) that, when aggregated  with other such liabilities, would reasonably
be expected to result in a  material liability of Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a  whole, which liability has not been fully paid.  
(vi) Section 3.1(i)(vi) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure  Schedule sets
forth a true and complete list of each Multiemployer Plan to  which Thermo
Electron or any ERISA Affiliate of Thermo Electron  contributes or is
required to contribute, or to which, or with respect to  which, Thermo
Electron or any ERISA Affiliate of Thermo Electron has any  material
liability. If any Thermo Electron Multiemployer Plan is subject  to Title IV
of ERISA, then, (A) neither Thermo Electron nor any ERISA  Affiliate of
Thermo Electron has made or suffered a "complete withdrawal"  or a "partial
withdrawal," as such terms are respectively defined in  Sections 4203 and
4205 of ERISA (or any liability resulting therefrom has  been satisfied in
full), (B) no event has occurred that presents a  material risk of a complete
or partial withdrawal, (C) neither Thermo  Electron nor any ERISA Affiliate
of Thermo Electron has any contingent  liability under Section 4204 of ERISA,
(D) no circumstances exist that  present a material risk that any such plan
will go into reorganization,  and (E) to the best of Thermo Electron\'s
Knowledge, the aggregate  withdrawal liability of Thermo Electron and each
ERISA Affiliate of Thermo  Electron computed as if a complete withdrawal by
Thermo Electron and any  ERISA Affiliate of Thermo Electron had occurred
under each such Thermo  Electron Benefit Plan on the date hereof, would not
reasonably be expected  to result in a material liability to Thermo Electron.
No Thermo Electron  Benefit Plan subject to ERISA is a plan that has two or
more contributing  sponsors at least two of whom are not under common
control, within the  meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA.   -44-    (vii)
No Thermo Electron Benefit Plan provides health  benefits (whether or not
insured) with respect to employees or former  employees of Thermo Electron or
any of its Subsidiaries after retirement  or other termination of service
(other than coverage mandated by  Applicable Laws or benefits, the full cost
of which is borne by the  employee or former employee).   (viii) Neither
the negotiation and execution of this  Agreement nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby  will (either alone or upon the occurrence
of any additional or subsequent  events) constitute an event under any Thermo
Electron Benefit Plan (for  this purpose, Thermo Electron Benefit Plan (other
than with respect to  those Plans that are Thermo Electron Foreign Plans)
shall be determined  without regard to whether any plan, agreement, policy,
understanding or  arrangement is material despite the use of such qualifier
in Section  3.1(i)(i) for purposes of the definition of Benefit Plan and
Section  3.2(i)(i) for purposes of the definition of Thermo Electron Benefit
Plan)  that will or may result in any payment (whether of severance pay or 
otherwise), acceleration of payment, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, 
distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with 
respect to any employee or former employee of Thermo Electron or any of  its
Subsidiaries or limit the ability to amend, terminate or receive a  reversion
of assets from any Thermo Electron Benefit Plan or related  trust. There is
no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement with an  employee or former
employee of Thermo Electron to which Thermo Electron or  any of its
Subsidiaries is a party as of the date of this Agreement that,  individually
or collectively and as a result of the transaction  contemplated hereby
(whether alone or upon the occurrence of any  additional or subsequent
events) would reasonably be expected to give rise  to the payment of any
amount that would not be deductible pursuant to  Sections 280G or 162(m) of
the Code.   (ix) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo  Electron
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, with respect to each  Thermo Electron
Benefit Plan established or maintained outside of the  United States for the
benefit of employees of Thermo Electron or any  Subsidiary of Thermo Electron
residing outside the United States (each, a  "Thermo Electron Foreign Plan"):
(i) each Thermo Electron Foreign Plan is  in compliance with the applicable
provisions of the laws and regulations  regarding employee benefits,
mandatory contributions and retirement plans  of each jurisdiction applicable
to such Thermo Electron Foreign Plan; (ii)  each Thermo Electron Foreign Plan
required to be registered has been  registered and has been maintained in
good standing with applicable  regulatory authorities and (iii) the fair
market value of the assets of  each funded Thermo Electron Foreign Plan, the
liability of each insurer  for any Thermo Electron Foreign Plan funded
through insurance or the book  reserve established for any Thermo Electron
Foreign Plan, together with  any accrued contributions, is sufficient to
procure or provide for the  accrued benefit obligations, as of the Closing
Date, with respect to all  current and former participants in such plan
according to the actuarial  assumptions and valuations most recently used to
determine employer  contributions to such Thermo Electron Foreign Plan and no
transaction  contemplated by this Agreement shall cause such assets or
insurance  obligations to be less than such benefit obligations, and any and
all  amounts required to be accrued with respect to any Thermo Electron  
-45-    Foreign Plan or pursuant to any statutory requirements pertaining
to  employee benefits, mandatory contributions, retirement plans or similar 
benefits, have been properly and timely accrued, including accruals  relating
to any severance, termination pay or profit sharing benefits.   (j) Taxes.
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole:   (i) Each of Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries has (A)
duly  and timely filed (or there have been filed on its behalf) all Tax
Returns  required to be filed by it (taking into account all applicable
extensions)  with the appropriate Tax Authority and all such Tax Returns are
true,  correct and complete, (B) timely paid in full all Taxes required to
be  paid by it, (C) made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP (or 
there has been paid or provision has been made on its behalf) for the 
payment of all Taxes not yet due and (D) complied with all Applicable Laws 
relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes.   (ii) There are no Liens
for Taxes upon any property or assets  of Thermo Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for Liens for Taxes  not yet due and payable or for
which adequate reserves have been provided  in accordance with GAAP in the
most recent financial statements contained  in the Thermo Electron SEC
Documents filed prior to the date of this  Agreement.   (iii) The most
recent financial statements contained in the  Thermo Electron SEC Documents
reflect an adequate (A) reserve in  accordance with GAAP for all Tax
liabilities of Thermo Electron and its  Subsidiaries for all taxable periods
and portions thereof accrued through  the date of such financial statements
and (B) valuation allowance in  accordance with GAAP for all deferred tax
assets of Thermo Electron and  its Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and
portions thereof accrued  through the date of such financial statements.  
(iv) There is no audit, examination, deficiency, refund  litigation, proposed
adjustment or matter in controversy with respect to  any Taxes or Tax Return
of Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries.  Neither Thermo Electron nor
any of its Subsidiaries has received written  notice of any claim made by a
Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where  Thermo Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries, as applicable, does not file a  Tax Return, that Thermo
Electron or such Subsidiary is or may be subject  to taxation by that
jurisdiction.   (v) The Tax Returns of Thermo Electron and each of its 
Subsidiaries, including any predecessors thereof, have been examined by  the
applicable Tax Authority (or the applicable statutes of limitations  for the
assessment of income Taxes for such periods have expired) for all  periods
through and including December 31, 2000, and no deficiencies were  asserted
as a result of such examinations which have not been resolved and  fully paid
or accrued as a liability on the most recent financial  statements contained
in the Thermo Electron SEC Documents.   -46-    (vi) There are no
outstanding requests, agreements, consents  or waivers to extend the
statutory period of limitations applicable to the  assessment of any Taxes or
deficiencies against Thermo Electron or any of  its Subsidiaries, and no
power of attorney granted by either Thermo  Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries with respect to any Taxes is currently  in force.   (vii)
Neither Thermo Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries is  a party to any
agreement providing for the allocation, indemnification or  sharing of Taxes
(other than any agreements solely between or among Thermo  Electron and its
Subsidiaries), and neither Thermo Electron nor any of its  Subsidiaries (A)
has been a member of an affiliated group (or similar  state, local or foreign
filing group) filing a consolidated income Tax  Return (other than a group
the common parent of which is Thermo Electron)  or (B) has any liability for
the Taxes of any Person (other than Thermo  Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation ss.  1.1502-6 (or any similar
provision of state, local or foreign law), as a  transferee or successor, by
contract or otherwise.   (viii) Neither Thermo Electron nor any of its
Subsidiaries  has (A) agreed to make nor is it required to make any material
adjustment  under Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in
accounting  method or otherwise; or (B) constituted either a "distributing 
corporation" or a "controlled corporation" (within the meaning of Section 
355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution of stock qualifying for  tax-free
treatment under Section 355 of the Code (1) in the two years  prior to the
date of this Agreement or (2) in a distribution which could  otherwise
constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions"  (within the
meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in connection with the  Merger.  
(ix) Thermo Electron is not, and has not been, a United  States real property
holding corporation (as defined in Section 897(c)(2)  of the Code) during the
applicable period specified in Section  897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.   (x)
No closing agreements, private letter rulings, technical  advice memoranda or
similar agreements or rulings have been entered into  or issued by any Tax
Authority with respect to Thermo Electron or any of  its Subsidiaries within
five years of the date of this Agreement, and no  such agreement or ruling
has been applied for and is currently pending.   (k) Interested Party
Transactions. Since the date of the Thermo Electron Balance Sheet, no event
has occurred that would be required to be reported as a Certain Relationship
or Related Transaction pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 57 or Item 404 of Regulation S-K of the SEC.   (l)
Environmental Matters. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (i) the operations of Thermo Electron
and its Subsidiaries are, and at all times since January 1, 2004 have been,
in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, including possession
and compliance with the terms of all licenses,   -47-   permits,
registrations, approvals, certifications and consents required
by Environmental Laws, (ii) there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of
Thermo Electron, threatened suits, actions, investigations or proceedings
under or pursuant to Environmental Laws against Thermo Electron or any of
its Subsidiaries or involving any real property currently or, to the
Knowledge of Thermo Electron, formerly owned, operated or leased or other
sites at which Hazardous Materials were disposed of, or allegedly disposed
of, by Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) Thermo Electron and
its Subsidiaries are not subject to and have received no written allegations
of any Environmental Liabilities, and no facts, circumstances or conditions
relating to, arising from, associated with or attributable to any real
property currently or, to the Knowledge of Thermo Electron, formerly owned,
operated or leased by Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries or
operations thereon has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result
in Environmental Liabilities, and (iv) all real property owned or operated by
Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries is free of contamination from
Hazardous Materials that would have an adverse effect on human health or the
environment.   (m) Intellectual Property. Except as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (i) Thermo
Electron or a Subsidiary of Thermo Electron (A) owns and is listed in the
records of the appropriate United States, state or foreign registry as the
current owner of record for each application and registration of Intellectual
Property or (B) has a legally enforceable right to use (in each case, free
and clear of any Liens) all Intellectual Property used in or necessary for
the conduct of its business as currently conducted, including without
limitation all patents and patent applications and all trademark
registrations and trademark applications; (ii) except as set forth in Section
3.2(m)(ii) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of
Thermo Electron, the conduct of the business of Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe on or misappropriate,
either directly or indirectly (such as through contributory infringement or
inducement to infringe), the Intellectual Property rights of any Person, and
the use by Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries of any Intellectual
Property is, to the Knowledge of Thermo Electron, in accordance with any
applicable grant, license, agreement, instrument or other
arrangement pursuant to which Thermo Electron or any Affiliate acquired the
right to use such Intellectual Property; (iii) to the Knowledge of Thermo
Electron, no Person is misappropriating, infringing, diluting or otherwise
violating any right of Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries with
respect to any Intellectual Property owned or used by Thermo Electron or any
of its Subsidiaries, and no such claims, suits, arbitrations or other
adversarial proceedings have been brought or threatened against any Person by
Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) to the Knowledge of Thermo
Electron, except as set forth in Section 3.2(m)(iv) of the Thermo Electron
Disclosure Schedule, neither Thermo Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received written notice by any Person of any pending or threatened claim,
suit, action, mediation, arbitration, order or other adversarial proceeding
(A) alleging infringement (or other violation) by Thermo Electron or any of
its Subsidiaries of Intellectual Property or other rights of any Person or
(B) challenging Thermo Electron\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' ownership or
use of, or the validity, enforcement, registrability or maintenance of, any
Intellectual Property owned or used by Thermo Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries, and, to the Knowledge of Thermo Electron, no Intellectual
Property owned or used by Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries is being
used or enforced in a manner that would reasonably be expected to result in
the abandonment, cancellation or unenforceability of such Intellectual
Property; (v) to the Knowledge of Thermo Electron, the Intellectual Property
owned   -48-   or used by Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries (A)
has been duly maintained, (B) is subsisting, in full force and effect, (C) is
valid and enforceable, (D) has not expired, been cancelled or abandoned and
(E) all maintenance, registration and renewal fees necessary to preserve the
rights of Thermo Electron in connection with such Intellectual Property have
been paid in a timely manner, and there are no actions that must be taken by
Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries within 90 days from the date
hereof, including the payment of any registration, maintenance or renewal
fees or the filing with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or such
other appropriate U.S. or foreign office or similar administrative agency of
documents, applications or certificates for the purposes of obtaining,
maintaining, perfecting, preserving or renewing any rights in the registered
or applied-for Intellectual Property; (vi) to the Knowledge of Thermo
Electron, except as set forth in Section 3.2(m)(vi) of the Thermo Electron
Disclosure Schedule, neither Thermo Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries has
entered into any consents, judgments, orders, indemnifications, forbearances
to sue, settlement agreements, licenses or other arrangements which (A)
restrict Thermo Electron\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' right to use any
Intellectual Property, (B) restrict Thermo Electron\'s or any of its
Subsidiaries\' businesses in order to accommodate a third
Person\'s Intellectual Property rights, (C) permit third parties to use any
Intellectual Property owned or controlled by Thermo Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries or (D) reasonably would be expected to provide a third Person a
defense to patent infringement in connection with any Intellectual Property
owned or used by Thermo Electron; (vii) to the Knowledge of Thermo Electron,
Thermo Electron and each of its Subsidiaries has used reasonable best efforts
to maintain the confidentiality of the Intellectual Property and all other
property used in the business of Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries
as presently conducted; and (viii) each current and former employee of Thermo
Electron or any of its Subsidiaries who has contributed to or participated in
research and development activities will not, after giving effect to the
transactions contemplated herein, own or retain any rights to use any of the
Intellectual Property owned or used by Thermo Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge of Thermo Electron, no software used in the
conduct of its business (a) contains any device or feature designed to
disrupt, disable, or otherwise impair its functioning, or (b) is subject to
the terms of any "open source" or other similar license requiring source code
of software owned by Thermo Electron to be publicly distributed or dedicated
to the public, other than any such device, feature or license which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
will not result in the loss or impairment of or payment of any additional
amounts with respect to Thermo Electron\'s right to own, use, or hold for use
any of the Intellectual Property owned, used, or held for use in the conduct
of its business as currently conducted other than any such losses,
impairments, payments, conflicts, or failure to obtain consents, which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.   (n) FDA Compliance. All products currently being
manufactured, tested, developed, processed, labeled, stored or distributed by
or on behalf of Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, which are subject to
the jurisdiction of the FDA, are being manufactured, tested, developed,
processed, labeled, stored, distributed, and marketed and promoted, including
promotions on Thermo Electron\'s website, in compliance with all Applicable
Laws or regulations issued by the FDA or any other Governmental Entity,
including without limitation, the FDA\'s current Good Manufacturing Practice
(including, but not limited to, compliance with   -49-   corrective and
preventive action requirements) and Medical Device Reporting regulations, and
recalls and corrective actions that are required to be reported to the FDA
pursuant to 21 C.F.R. Part 806 have been reported, except where any failure
to so comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All
applicable operations of Thermo Electron and each of its Subsidiaries have
achieved and maintained ISO 13485 Quality System certification, and there is
no pending or, to Thermo Electron\'s Knowledge, threatened, audit,
repeal, failure to renew or challenge to any such certifications, other than
where the failure to achieve or maintain such certification or any such
audit, repeal, failure to renew or challenge would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All products being manufactured by Thermo
Electron and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with applicable registration
and listing requirements required by Applicable Law for each site at which a
product of Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries is manufactured except
where any failure to so comply would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole. All pre-clinical and clinical trials being conducted by or on
behalf of Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries or that were conducted
on its behalf to support FDA approvals or clearances are being or were
conducted in compliance with all Applicable Laws of the FDA or any other
Governmental Entity, including without limitation, the applicable FDA
regulations and federal and state laws, and regulations restricting the use
and disclosure of individually identifiable health information except where
any failure to so comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. Neither Thermo Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries is the subject,
officially or otherwise, of any pending or, to Thermo Electron\'s Knowledge,
threatened in writing investigation by the FDA pursuant to its "Fraud, Untrue
Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities" Final Policy
set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) and any amendments
thereto. To Thermo Electron\'s Knowledge, there is no reasonable basis for
the FDA to invoke its policy with respect to "Fraud, Untrue Statements of
Material Facts, Bribery and Illegal Gratuities" and any amendments thereto
with respect to the operations of Thermo Electron or any its Subsidiaries
that would result in any material violation of such policies. To Thermo
Electron\'s Knowledge, each product distributed, sold or leased, or service
rendered, by Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries complies with all
applicable product safety standards of each applicable product safety agency,
commission, board or other Governmental Entity, other than where the failure
to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole. Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with
all applicable FDA import and export requirements, including, but not limited
to, import-for-export requirements, export notifications or authorizations
and record keeping requirements except as would not have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All devices distributed by Thermo Electron
and its Subsidiaries have obtained any clearances or approvals required by
the FDA to market these devices, including any modifications to the devices
or their labeling, except as would not have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole.   (o) State Takeover Statutes. Thermo Electron has, or
will have prior to the Effective Time, taken all necessary action so that,
assuming compliance by Fisher with its obligations hereunder and the accuracy
of the representations and warranties made by Fisher   -50-   herein, no
"business combination," "moratorium," "fair price," "control
share acquisition" or other state antitakeover statute or regulation nor
any takeover-related provision in the Thermo Electron Organizational
Documents, would (i) prohibit or restrict Thermo Electron\'s ability to
perform its obligations under this Agreement, any related agreement or the
Certificate of Merger or its ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, (ii) have the effect of invalidating or
voiding this Agreement or the Certificate of Merger, or any provision hereof
or thereof, or (iii) subject Thermo Electron to any impediment or condition
in connection with the exercise of any of its rights under this Agreement or
the Certificate of Merger.   (p) Brokers. Except for fees payable to Lehman
Brothers Inc. ("Lehman Brothers") and Rothschild, Inc. ("Rothschild, Inc."),
no broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person, is entitled
to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Thermo Electron or Merger
Sub. Thermo Electron has previously delivered to Fisher a true and complete
copy of the engagement letters between each of Lehman Brothers and
Rothschild, Inc. and Thermo Electron.   (q) Opinion of Financial Advisor.
Thermo Electron has received the opinion of its financial advisor, Lehman
Brothers, dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such
date, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Thermo Electron Common Stock.   (r) Material Contracts.   (i)
For purposes of this Agreement, "Thermo Electron  Material Contract" shall
mean:   (A) Any employment, severance, or Consulting Contract or  offer
letter with an employee or former employee, officer or  director of Thermo
Electron or any Subsidiary of Thermo Electron  (other than any unwritten
Contract for the employment of any such  employee or former employee implied
at law) which will require the  payment of amounts by Thermo Electron or any
Subsidiary of Thermo  Electron, as applicable, after the date hereof in
excess of $750,000  per annum;   (B) Any collective bargaining Contract, or
any other  agreement or work rule or practice with any labor union, labor 
organization or works council;   (C) Any Contract for capital expenditures
or the  acquisition or construction of fixed assets which requires
aggregate  future payments in excess of $6,750,000;   (D) Any Contract
containing covenants of Thermo Electron  or any Subsidiary of Thermo Electron
(1) to indemnify or hold  harmless another Person or group of Persons, unless
such  indemnification or hold harmless obligation to such Person, or group 
of Persons, as the case may be, would not reasonably be expected to  exceed a
maximum of $3,500,000 (except for product   -51-    warranty obligations
in Contracts for the sale of goods in the  ordinary course of business) or
(2) not to compete (or otherwise  restrict or limit the ability of Thermo
Electron or any of its  Subsidiaries to) in any line of business or
geographic area;   (E) Any Contract requiring aggregate future payments or 
expenditures in excess of $3,500,000 and relating to cleanup,  abatement,
remediation or similar actions in connection with  environmental
liabilities;   (F) Any license, royalty Contract or other Contract with 
respect to Intellectual Property which, pursuant to the terms  thereof,
requires payments by Thermo Electron or any Subsidiary of  Thermo Electron in
excess of $2,000,000 per annum;   (G) Any Contract pursuant to which Thermo
Electron or any  Subsidiary of Thermo Electron has entered into a partnership
or  joint venture with any other Person (other than Thermo Electron or  any
Subsidiary of Thermo Electron) for which the carrying value  exceeds
$5,000,000;   (H) Any indenture, mortgage, loan, guarantee or credit 
Contract under which Thermo Electron or any Subsidiary of Thermo  Electron
has outstanding indebtedness or any outstanding note, bond,  indenture or
other evidence of indebtedness for borrowed money or  otherwise or any
guaranteed indebtedness for money borrowed by  others, in each case, for or
guaranteeing an amount in excess of  $6,750,000, other than any such
indebtedness between Thermo Electron  (whether as creditor or debtor) and any
wholly owned Subsidiary of  Thermo Electron or between any wholly owned
Subsidiaries of Thermo  Electron;   (I) Any Contract under which Thermo
Electron or any  Subsidiary of Thermo Electron is (1) a lessee of real
property, (2)  a lessee of, or holds or uses, any machinery, equipment,
vehicle or  other tangible personal property owned by a third Person, (3) a 
lessor of real property, or (4) a lessor of any tangible personal  property
owned by Thermo Electron or any Subsidiary of Thermo  Electron, in each case
which requires annual payments in excess of  $2,000,000;   (J) Any Contract
(other than purchase or sale orders in  the ordinary course of business that
are terminable or cancelable by  Thermo Electron without penalty on 90 days\'
notice or less) under  which Thermo Electron or any Subsidiary of Thermo
Electron is a  purchaser or supplier of goods and services which, pursuant to
the  terms thereof, requires payments by or to Thermo Electron or any 
Subsidiary of Thermo Electron in excess of $6,750,000 per annum;   (K) Any
material Contract (including guarantees) between  Thermo Electron or any
wholly-owned Subsidiary of Thermo Electron   -52-    and another
Subsidiary of Thermo Electron that is not wholly-owned  by Thermo
Electron;   (L) Any Contract other than a Thermo Electron Benefit  Plan
which requires payments by Thermo Electron or any Subsidiary of  Thermo
Electron in excess of (i) $3,000,000 per annum containing  "change of
control" or similar provisions, or (ii) $1,000,000, to  the Knowledge of
Thermo Electron, containing "change of control" or  similar provisions;  
(M) Any Contract entered into on or after January 1, 2003  relating to the
acquisition or disposition of any business or any  assets (whether by merger,
sale of stock or assets or otherwise), in  an amount in excess of $70,000,000
(all of which Contracts have been  made available to Fisher prior to the date
hereof );   (N) Any Contract (other than Contracts of the type  described
in subclauses (A) through (L) above) that involves  aggregate payments by or
to Thermo Electron or any Subsidiary of  Thermo Electron in excess of
$16,750,000 per annum; and   (O) Any Contract the termination or breach of
which, or  the failure to obtain consent in respect of which, would
reasonably  be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Thermo Electron
and  its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (ii) Schedule. Section
3.2(r)(ii) of the Thermo Electron  Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of
all Thermo Electron Material  Contracts as of the date hereof other than
those listed as an exhibit to  Thermo Electron\'s most recent Form 10-K.  
(iii) No Breach. All Thermo Electron Material Contracts are  valid and in
full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with  their respective
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization,
moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting the  rights and remedies of
creditors generally and to general principles of  equity (regardless of
whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at  law), except to the
extent that (A) they have previously expired in  accordance with their terms
or (B) the failure to be in full force and  effect, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected  to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole. Neither
Thermo Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries,  nor, to Thermo Electron\'s
Knowledge, any counterparty to any Thermo  Electron Material Contract, has
violated any provision of, or committed or  failed to perform any act which,
with or without notice, lapse of time or  both would constitute a default
under the provisions of, any Thermo  Electron Material Contract, except in
each case for those violations and  defaults which, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Thermo Electron and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  
-53-    (s) Real Property. Section 3.2(s) of the Thermo
Electron Disclosure Schedule lists all material real property owned in fee by
Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries (the "Thermo Electron Owned Real
Property") or leased by Thermo Electron or any of its Subsidiaries as lessee
(the "Thermo Electron Leased Real Property"). Thermo Electron or any of its
Subsidiaries owns good and valid title to the Thermo Electron Owned Real
Property and has valid and enforceable leasehold interests under the leases
with respect to the Thermo Electron Leased Real Property, free and clear of
all Liens other than (i) Permitted Liens and (ii) easements, covenants,
rights-of-way and other encumbrances or restrictions, whether recorded or
referred to in an applicable lease or unrecorded, which do not materially
impair the continued use of the property subject thereto as currently used,
but in no event, with respect to clauses (i) and (ii), environmental or Tax
Liens, judgments, lis pendens or any Lien that would render the title to the
Thermo Electron Owned Real Property uninsurable by a reputable title
insurance company. All of the improvements located on any Thermo Electron
Owned Real Property or Thermo Electron Leased Real Property are in good
condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear) without any structural
defects of any kind. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(s) of the Thermo
Electron Disclosure Schedule, each material lease with respect to the Thermo
Electron Leased Real Property is valid, unmodified and in full force and
effect, and there are no material subleases with respect to the Thermo
Electron Leased Real Property. Neither any landlord nor Thermo Electron nor
any of its Subsidiaries party to any material lease with respect to
the Thermo Electron Leased Real Property is in monetary or other material
default under any such lease.   (t) Reorganization. As of the date of this
Agreement, neither Thermo Electron nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) has taken
(or caused to be taken) any action or knows of any fact, agreement, plan or
other circumstance that would reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger
from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Code or (b) knows of no reason why all approvals required for the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement should not be
obtained on a timely basis.   (u) Merger Sub Approval. The Board of
Directors of Merger Sub, by written consent duly adopted prior to the date
hereof, (i) determined that this Agreement and the Merger are advisable and
fair to and in the best interests of Merger Sub and its stockholder, (ii)
duly approved and adopted this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, which adoption has not been rescinded or
modified, and (iii) submitted this Agreement for adoption by Thermo Electron,
as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub. Promptly following the date hereof,
Thermo Electron, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, will have duly
approved and adopted this Agreement and the Merger.   (v) Thermo Electron
has resolved to take and has taken all action necessary to render the terms
of the Thermo Electron Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 4.1(a)(ii))
and the rights thereunder inapplicable to the execution and operation of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.   -54-    ARTICLE
IV   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   SECTION 4.1. Conduct of
Business.   (a) Each of Fisher and Thermo Electron agrees that, between
the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, except as set forth in
Section 4.1(a) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule or Section 4.1(a) of the
Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule, as the case may be, or as expressly
provided by any other provision of this Agreement, or unless Fisher and
Thermo Electron shall otherwise agree in advance in writing, Fisher and
Thermo Electron shall, and shall cause each of their respective Subsidiaries
to, (i) maintain its existence in good standing under Applicable Laws, (ii)
subject to the restrictions and exceptions set forth in this Section 4.1(a),
conduct its operations only in the ordinary and usual course of business
consistent with past practice and (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to
keep available the services of the current officers, key employees and key
consultants of each of Fisher and Thermo Electron, respectively, and each of
their respective Subsidiaries and to preserve the current relationships of
each of Fisher and Thermo Electron and each of their respective Subsidiaries,
with its customers, suppliers and other Persons with which Fisher or Thermo
Electron or any of their respective Subsidiaries has significant business
relations as are reasonably necessary in order to preserve substantially
intact its business organization. In addition, without limiting the
foregoing, except as set forth in Section 4.1(a) of the Fisher Disclosure
Schedule or Section 4.1(a) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule, as the
case may be, or as expressly provided by any other provision of this
Agreement, Fisher and Thermo Electron shall not and shall not permit any of
their respective Subsidiaries to (unless required by Applicable Laws
applicable to Fisher and its Subsidiaries or Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, respectively, or as specifically provided herein), between
the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, directly or indirectly,
do, or agree to do, any of the following without the prior written consent of
Fisher or Thermo Electron, respectively:   (i) (A) except in the case of
any of Thermo Electron\'s  wholly-owned Subsidiaries or Fisher\'s wholly-
owned Subsidiaries and except  for the Charter Amendment in the case of
Thermo Electron, amend or  otherwise change its articles or certificate of
incorporation or bylaws or  equivalent organizational documents, or amend, or
redeem the rights issued  under, the Thermo Electron Rights Agreement or any
rights agreement  adopted by Fisher prior to the Effective Time (the "Fisher
Rights  Agreement"), as the case may be (except as required hereunder), or 
otherwise take any action to exempt any Person (other than Thermo Electron 
or its Subsidiaries or Fisher or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be) or 
any action taken by such Person from the Fisher Rights Agreement or the 
Thermo Electron Rights Agreement, as the case may be, or any state  takeover
statute (including Section 203 of the DGCL) or similarly  restrictive
provisions of such party\'s organizational documents or (B) in  the case of
Thermo Electron Material Subsidiaries or Fisher Material  Subsidiaries,
liquidate, merge or consolidate or enter into a similar  transaction;  
(ii) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, transfer,  encumber, or
authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant,  transfer or
encumbrance of any   -55-    shares of capital stock of, or other equity
interests in, Fisher or Thermo  Electron or any of their respective
Subsidiaries of any class, or  securities convertible or exchangeable or
exercisable for any shares of  such capital stock or other equity interests,
or any options, warrants or  other rights of any kind to acquire any shares
of such capital stock or  other equity interests or such convertible or
exchangeable securities, or  any other ownership interest, of Fisher or
Thermo Electron or any of their  respective Subsidiaries, except for (A) the
issuance of securities  issuable upon the exercise of options or other rights
outstanding as of  the date hereof under any Fisher Benefit Plan or Thermo
Electron Benefit  Plan, respectively, (B) the issuance of securities by any
wholly-owned  Subsidiary of Fisher or Thermo Electron, respectively, to
Fisher or Thermo  Electron, respectively, or to any other wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Fisher  or Thermo Electron, respectively, (C) the issuance of
shares, additional  options or other rights under any Fisher Benefit Plans or
Thermo Electron  Benefit Plans, respectively, subject to the limitations set
forth in  Section 4.1(a)(ii)(C) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule or
Section  4.1(a)(ii)(C) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule, as the
case may  be, (D) in the case of Thermo Electron, the issuance of securities
under  the Rights Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2005, by and between 
Thermo Electron and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as Rights  Agent
(the "Thermo Electron Rights Agreement"), (E) in the case of Fisher,  the
issuance of Fisher Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Fisher 
Convertible Debentures or (F) in the case of Thermo Electron, the issuance 
of the Thermo Electron Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Thermo 
Electron Convertible Debentures;   (iii) (A) declare, set aside, make or pay
any dividend or  other distribution (whether payable in cash, stock, property
or a  combination thereof) with respect to any of the capital stock of Fisher
or  Thermo Electron, or (B) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or 
other distribution (whether payable in cash, stock, property or a 
combination thereof) with respect to any non-wholly-owned Subsidiary,  other
than in the ordinary course or (C) enter into any agreement with  respect to
the voting of the capital stock of Fisher or Thermo Electron;   (iv) (A)
reclassify, combine, split or subdivide any of their  capital stock or issue
or authorize the issuance of any other securities  in respect of, in lieu of,
or in substitution for, shares of their capital  stock, or (B) redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or  indirectly, any of its capital
stock, other equity interests or other  securities other than repurchases by
Thermo Electron of up to $300 million  in Thermo Electron Common Stock in the
discretion of the Thermo Electron  board of directors, forfeiture of Fisher
Stock Unit Awards or Thermo  Electron Restricted Stock and Fisher Options or
Thermo Electron Options as  a result of terminations of employment in the
ordinary course of business  and consistent with past practice;   (v) (A)
incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue  any debt securities or
assume, guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as an  accommodation become
responsible for, the obligations of any Person (other  than a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Fisher or Thermo Electron, respectively)  for borrowed money,
except for (x) indebtedness for borrowed money under  or guarantees with
respect to indebtedness under Fisher\'s or Thermo  Electron\'s existing
credit facilities, respectively, incurred in the  ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice (for purposes of  this clause (x),  
-56-    in no event shall acquisitions be considered to be in the ordinary
course  of business), (y) indebtedness not to exceed $500,000,000 in the
aggregate  incurred to finance acquisitions permitted pursuant to Section
4.1(a)(xii)  or (z) indebtedness of any wholly-owned Subsidiary of Fisher or
Thermo  Electron, to Fisher or Thermo Electron, respectively, or to any
other  wholly-owned Subsidiary of Fisher or Thermo Electron, respectively,
or  indebtedness of Fisher of Thermo Electron, respectively, to any  wholly-
owned Subsidiary of Fisher or Thermo Electron, respectively, (B)  (x)
terminate or cancel (other than a termination or cancellation due to  the
expiration of any term of any contract or any breach or nonperformance  by
any counterparty) or agree to any material change in, any Fisher  Material
Contract of the type covered in Sections 3.1(r)(D), (E), (F),  (G), (J), (K),
(L), (N) and (O) or Thermo Electron Material Contract of  the type covered in
Sections 3.2(r) (D), (E), (F), (G), (J), (K), (L), (N)  and (O), as the case
may be, where such termination, cancellation or  change would have an adverse
effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, or  Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, or (y) enter  into (other than any
extension of an existing contract or entering into a  new contract with an
existing counterparty on terms substantially the same  as the prior contract,
in each case in the ordinary course of business  consistent with past
practice) a contract which would be any of such  categories of Fisher
Material Contract or any of such categories of Thermo  Electron Material
Contract, as the case may be, if entered into prior to  the date hereof,
except for the purposes of this Section 4.1(a)(v)(B) the  dollar amounts used
to calculate whether a contract would be a Fisher  Material Contract or a
Thermo Electron Material Contract, respectively,  shall be doubled or (C)
make or authorize any material loan to any Person  (other than a wholly-owned
Subsidiary) outside the ordinary course of  business;   (vi) (A) Increase
the compensation or benefits payable or to  become payable to its directors
or executive officers, (B) increase the  compensation or benefits payable or
to become payable to its other  employees or its consultants (in each case,
except for increases in the  ordinary course of business in accordance with
past practices and  methodologies), (C) grant any rights to severance or
termination pay to,  or enter into any employment, consulting or severance
agreement with, any  director, officer or other employee or consultant of
Fisher or Thermo  Electron or any of their respective Subsidiaries (excluding
(i) any  severance payments in connection with terminations of employment
occurring  following the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time made
in  accordance with the terms of severance plans or agreements in effect on 
the date hereof and set forth in Section 3.1(i)(i)(A) of the Fisher 
Disclosure Schedule and Section 3.2(i)(i)(A) of the Thermo Electron 
Disclosure Schedule (as applicable) or pursuant to a separation agreement 
and release of claims with non-executive officer employees that provides  for
severance (the amount of which is subject to the limitations set forth  on in
Section 4.1(a)(vi)(C)(i) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule and  Section
4.1(a)(vi)(C)(i) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule (as  applicable))
and is entered into in the ordinary of business consistent  with the past the
practice of Fisher or Thermo Electron, as applicable, or  any of their
respective Subsidiaries, and (ii) offer letters with respect  to non-
executive officer employees hired after the date hereof in the  ordinary
course of business in accordance with the past practice of Fisher  or Thermo
Electron, as applicable, or any of their respective  Subsidiaries, provided
that any such agreements shall not provide for the  payment of any severance
or termination pay solely as a result of the   -57-    execution of this
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby); (D)
establish, adopt, enter into or amend any  collective bargaining agreement
(or other agreement or understanding with  any trade union, works council or
other employee representative body) or  any Benefit Plan for the benefit of
any director, officer, consultant or  employee, except to the extent required
by Applicable Laws; (E) take any  affirmative action to amend or waive any
performance or vesting criteria  or accelerate vesting, exercisability,
settlement or funding under any  Fisher Benefit Plan, Thermo Electron Benefit
Plan, Fisher Option, Thermo  Electron Option or Fisher Stock Unit Award or
(F) take any action with  respect to salary, compensation, benefits or other
terms and conditions of  employment that would result in the holder of a
change in control or  similar agreement having "good reason" to terminate
employment and collect  severance payments and benefits pursuant to such
agreement;   (vii) make any material change in accounting policies or 
procedures, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with 
past practice or except as required by GAAP or by a Governmental Entity;  
(viii) except in the ordinary course of business consistent  with past
practice, make, change or revoke any material Tax election or  settle or
compromise any material liability for Taxes, change any annual  Tax
accounting period, change any method of Tax accounting, file any  material
amended Tax Return, enter into any closing agreement relating to  any
material Tax, surrender any right to claim a material Tax refund, or  consent
to any extension or waiver of the statute of limitations period  applicable
to any material Tax claim or assessment;   (ix) modify, amend or terminate,
or waive, release or assign  any material rights or claims with respect to,
any confidentiality or  standstill agreement to which Fisher or Thermo
Electron, respectively, is  a party and which relates to a business
combination involving Fisher or  Thermo Electron, respectively;   (x) write
up, write down or write off the book value of any  assets, individually or in
the aggregate, for Fisher and its Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole, or Thermo
Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a  whole, respectively, other than
(A) in the ordinary course of business,  (B) as may be required by GAAP or
(C) otherwise not in excess of  $10,000,000;   (xi) except as permitted by
Section 5.16, take any action to  render inapplicable, or to exempt any third
Person (other than Thermo  Electron, Fisher or Merger Sub, respectively)
from, (A) the provisions of  the DGCL or (B) any other state takeover law or
state law that purports to  limit or restrict business combinations or the
ability to acquire or vote  shares of capital stock;   (xii) acquire,
dispose, agree to acquire from or agree to  dispose to, any Person any assets
(not including Intellectual Property),  operations, business or securities or
engage in, or agree to engage in,  any merger, consolidation or other
business combination with any Person,  except in connection with (A) capital
expenditures set forth in Section  4.1(a)(xii) of the Fisher Disclosure
Schedule or Section 4.1(a)(xii) of  the   -58-    Thermo Electron
Disclosure Schedule, as the case may be, permitted  hereunder, (B)
acquisitions or dispositions of inventory and other  tangible assets (not
including Intellectual Property) in the ordinary  course of business
consistent with past practice, and (C) acquisitions and  dispositions of
assets, operations, businesses or securities set forth in  Section
4.1(a)(xii) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule or Section  4.1(a)(xii) of the
Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule, as the case may  be, and other such
acquisitions and dispositions up to $100,000,000 in the  aggregate (measured
by consideration paid or received);   (xiii) take any action that is
intended or would reasonably  be expected to result in any of the conditions
to the Merger set forth in  Article VI not being satisfied;   (xiv)
acquire, dispose, agree to acquire from or agree to  dispose to, any Person,
any Intellectual Property having a value, in the  aggregate, in excess of
$5,000,000;   (xv) except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement,
take  any actions that would result in restructuring charges pursuant to GAAP
in  excess of $50,000,000 in the aggregate;   (xvi) except as required by
Applicable Law or any judgment by  a court of competent jurisdiction, pay,
discharge, settle or satisfy any  material claims, liabilities, obligations
or litigation (absolute,  accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
otherwise), other than the  payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction in
the ordinary course of  business consistent with past practice or in
accordance with their terms;   (xvii) enter into any new line of business
material to Fisher  and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Thermo
Electron and its  Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, respectively;   (xviii)
fail to use reasonable best efforts to maintain in  full force and effect
insurance coverage substantially similar to  insurance coverage maintained on
the date hereof;   (xix) enter into any non-competition contract or other 
contract that purports to limit in any material respect either the type of 
business in which Fisher or its Subsidiaries, or Thermo Electron or its 
Subsidiaries, respectively, may engage or the manner or locations in which 
any of them may so engage in any business; or   (xx) authorize or enter into
any agreement or otherwise make  any commitment to do any of the
foregoing.   SECTION 4.2. No Solicitation.   (a) From the date hereof
until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this
Agreement, none of Fisher or Thermo Electron, their respective Subsidiaries
or any officer, director, employee, agent or representative (including any
investment banker,   -59-   financial advisor, attorney, accountant or
other retained representative) ("Representatives") of Fisher or Thermo
Electron or any of their respective Subsidiaries shall directly or indirectly
(i) solicit, initiate or encourage or knowingly facilitate (including by way
of furnishing information or entering into any agreements, arrangements or
understandings) or take any other action designed to facilitate any inquiries
or proposals regarding any merger, share exchange, consolidation, sale of
assets, sale of shares of capital stock (including, without limitation, by
way of a tender offer) or similar transactions involving Fisher or Thermo
Electron or any of their respective Subsidiaries that, if consummated, would
constitute an Alternative Transaction (as defined in Section 8.3(b)) (any of
the foregoing inquiries or proposals being referred to herein as an
"Alternative Transaction Proposal"), (ii) participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding an Alternative Transaction or (iii) enter into any
agreement regarding any Alternative Transaction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Board of Directors of Fisher and Thermo Electron,
respectively, shall be permitted, prior to the receipt of the Fisher
Stockholder Approval and Thermo Electron Stockholder Approval, respectively,
and subject to compliance with the other terms of this Agreement, including
this Section 4.2, and to first entering into a confidentiality agreement with
the person proposing such Alternative Transaction Proposal on terms
substantially similar to, and no less favorable to Fisher or Thermo Electron,
respectively, than those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, dated as
of April 13, 2006, as amended as of May 7, 2006, between Fisher and Thermo
Electron (the "CDA"), to (x) furnish information with respect to Fisher or
Thermo Electron and their respective Subsidiaries, as the case may be, to
the Person making such bona fide written Alternative Transaction Proposal
(and its Representatives) and (y) participate in discussions and negotiations
with respect to such bona fide written Alternative Transaction Proposal
received by Fisher or Thermo Electron, as applicable, in each case if the
Board of Directors of Fisher or Thermo Electron, as the case may be,
determines in good faith (after consultation with outside legal counsel) that
the failure to do so would, or would reasonably be likely to, cause it to
violate its fiduciary duties.   (b) From the date hereof until the earlier
of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement, Fisher shall
notify Thermo Electron and Thermo Electron shall notify Fisher, as the case
may be, promptly (but in no event later than 24 hours) after receipt of any
Alternative Transaction Proposal, or any material modification of or material
amendment to any Alternative Transaction Proposal or any request for
nonpublic information relating to Fisher or Thermo Electron, respectively, or
any of their respective Subsidiaries relating to any Alternative Transaction
Proposal. Such notice to Fisher or Thermo Electron, as the case may be, shall
be made orally and in writing, and shall indicate the identity of the Person
making the Alternative Transaction Proposal or such request and the material
terms of any such Alternative Transaction Proposal or any material
modification or material amendment to an Alternative Transaction Proposal.
From the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time and the
termination of this Agreement, Fisher shall keep Thermo Electron and Thermo
Electron shall keep Fisher reasonably informed on a current basis of any
material changes in the status and any material changes or modifications in
the terms of any such Alternative Transaction Proposal, indication or
request. Fisher shall also promptly, and in any event within 24 hours, notify
Thermo Electron, and Thermo Electron shall also promptly, and in any event
within 24 hours, notify Fisher, orally and in writing, if it enters into
discussions or negotiations concerning any Alternative Transaction Proposal
in accordance with Section 4.2(a).   -60-    (c) Nothing contained in
this Section 4.2 shall prohibit Fisher or Thermo Electron or their respective
Subsidiaries from taking and disclosing to their respective stockholders a
position required by Rule 14e-2(a) or Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the
Exchange Act.   (d) Fisher and its Subsidiaries, and Thermo Electron and
its Subsidiaries, respectively, shall immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons (other
than Fisher or Thermo Electron, respectively) conducted heretofore with
respect to any of the foregoing, and shall use reasonable best efforts to
cause all Persons other than Fisher or Thermo Electron who have been
furnished confidential information regarding Fisher or Thermo Electron in
connection with the solicitation of or discussions regarding an Alternative
Transaction Proposal within the 12 months prior to the date hereof promptly
to return or destroy such information. Fisher and Thermo Electron agree not
to, and to cause their respective Subsidiaries not to, release any third
party from the confidentiality and standstill provisions of any agreement to
which Fisher or Thermo Electron or their respective Subsidiaries is or may
become a party.   (e) Fisher and Thermo Electron shall use their
respective reasonable best efforts to inform their respective Representatives
of the restrictions described in this Section 4.2. It is understood that any
violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 4.2 by any officer,
director, employee, agent or representative (including any investment banker,
financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other retained representative) of
Fisher or its Subsidiaries, or Thermo Electron or its Subsidiaries,
respectively, at the direction or with the consent of Fisher or Thermo
Electron, respectively, or their respective Subsidiaries, as the case may be,
shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 4.2 by Fisher or Thermo
Electron, respectively.   ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   SECTION
5.1. Preparation of SEC Documents; Stockholders\' Meetings.   (a) As soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, Thermo Electron and Fisher
shall prepare and file with the SEC the Joint Proxy Statement, and Thermo
Electron shall prepare and file with the SEC the Form S-4, in which the Joint
Proxy Statement will be included as a prospectus. Each of Thermo Electron and
Fisher shall use reasonable best efforts to have the Form S-4 declared
effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such
filing. Thermo Electron will use reasonable best efforts to cause the
Joint Proxy Statement to be mailed to Thermo Electron\'s stockholders, and
Fisher will use reasonable best efforts to cause the Joint Proxy Statement to
be mailed to Fisher\'s stockholders, in each case as promptly as practicable
after the Form S-4 is declared effective under the Securities Act. Thermo
Electron shall also take any action (other than qualifying to do business in
any jurisdiction in which it is not now so qualified or filing a general
consent to service of process) required to be taken under any applicable
state securities laws in connection with the issuance and reservation of
shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock in the Merger and the conversion of
Fisher Options into options to acquire Thermo Electron Common Stock, and
Fisher shall furnish all information concerning Fisher and the holders of
Fisher Common Stock as may be   -61-   reasonably requested in connection
with any such action. No filing of, or amendment or supplement to, the Form
S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement will be made by Thermo Electron or Fisher,
as applicable, without the other\'s prior consent (which shall not be
unreasonably withheld) and without providing the other the opportunity to
review and comment thereon. Thermo Electron or Fisher, as applicable, will
advise the other promptly after it receives oral or written notice thereof,
of the time when the Form S-4 has become effective or any supplement or
amendment has been filed, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension of
the qualification of the Thermo Electron Common Stock issuable in connection
with the Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or any oral or
written request by the SEC for amendment of the Joint Proxy Statement or
the Form S-4 or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC
for additional information and will promptly provide the other with copies of
any written communication from the SEC or any state securities commission. If
at any time prior to the Effective Time any information relating to Thermo
Electron or Fisher, or any of their respective Affiliates, officers or
directors, should be discovered by Thermo Electron or Fisher which should be
set forth in an amendment or supplement to any of the Form S-4 or the Joint
Proxy Statement, so that any of such documents would not include any
misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, the party which discovers such information
shall promptly notify the other parties hereto and an appropriate amendment
or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the
SEC and, to the extent required by law, disseminated to the respective
stockholders of Thermo Electron and Fisher.   (b) Each of Fisher and Thermo
Electron shall, as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is declared
effective under the Securities Act, take all action necessary in accordance
with Applicable Laws and the Fisher Organizational Documents, in the case of
Fisher, and the Thermo Electron Organizational Documents, in the case of
Thermo Electron, to duly give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of their
stockholders, respectively, to be held as promptly as practicable to
consider, in the case of Thermo Electron, the Stock Issuance and the Charter
Amendment (the "Thermo Electron Stockholders\' Meeting") and, in the case of
Fisher, the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the Merger (the
"Fisher Stockholders\' Meeting"). Each of Fisher and Thermo Electron will use
reasonable best efforts to solicit from their stockholders, respectively,
proxies in favor of, in the case of Thermo Electron, the Stock Issuance and
the Charter Amendment, and, in the case of Fisher, the adoption and approval
of this Agreement and the Merger, and will take all other action necessary or
advisable to secure the vote or consent of their stockholders, respectively,
required by the rules of the NYSE or Applicable Laws to obtain such
approvals. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, Fisher or Thermo Electron may adjourn or postpone the
Fisher Stockholders\' Meeting or Thermo Electron Stockholders\' Meeting, as
the case may be, to the extent necessary to ensure that any necessary
supplement or amendment to the Joint Proxy Statement is provided to their
respective stockholders, in advance of a vote on, in the case of Thermo
Electron, the Stock Issuance and the Charter Amendment and, in the case of
Fisher, the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger, or, if,
as of the time for which the Fisher Stockholders\' Meeting or Thermo Electron
Stockholders\' Meeting, as the case may be, is originally scheduled, there
are insufficient shares of Fisher Common Stock or Thermo Electron Common
Stock, as the case may be, represented (either in person or by proxy) to
constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of such meeting. Each
of Fisher and Thermo Electron shall ensure that the Fisher Stockholders\'
Meeting and the Thermo Electron Stockholders\'   -62-   Meeting,
respectively, is called, noticed, convened, held and conducted, and that all
proxies solicited in connection with the Fisher Stockholders\' Meeting or
Thermo Electron Stockholders\' Meeting, as the case may be, are solicited
in compliance with Applicable Laws, the rules of the NYSE and, in the case
of Fisher, the Fisher Organizational Documents, and, in the case of
Thermo Electron, the Thermo Electron Organizational Documents. Except with
respect to matters as to which preliminary proxy materials would not be
required to be filed with the SEC, without the prior written consent of
Fisher, the Stock Issuance and the Charter Amendment are the only matters
which Thermo Electron shall propose to be acted on by Thermo Electron\'s
stockholders at the Thermo Electron Stockholders\' Meeting. Without the prior
written consent of Thermo Electron, approval and adoption of this Agreement
and the Merger are the only matters which Fisher shall propose to be acted on
by Fisher\'s stockholders at the Fisher Stockholders\' Meeting.   (c) Each
of Fisher and Thermo Electron will use reasonable best efforts to hold the
Fisher Stockholders\' Meeting and Thermo Electron Stockholders\' Meeting,
respectively, on the same date as the other party and as soon as reasonably
practicable after the date of this Agreement.   SECTION 5.2. Accountant\'s
Letters. Each of Fisher and Thermo Electron shall use reasonable best efforts
to cause to be delivered to the other party two letters from their respective
independent accountants, one dated approximately as of the date the Form S-4
is declared effective and one dated approximately as of the Closing Date,
each addressed to the other party, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the other party and customary in scope and substance for
comfort letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection
with registration statements similar to the Form S-4.   SECTION 5.3. Access
to Information; Confidentiality.   (a) Subject to the CDA and Applicable
Laws, each of Thermo Electron and Fisher shall, and shall cause each of their
respective Subsidiaries to, afford to the other party and to the officers,
employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other representatives
of such other party, reasonable access at all reasonable times on reasonable
notice during the period prior to the Effective Time to all their respective
properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records (provided,
that such access shall not unreasonably interfere with the business or
operations of such party) and, during such period and subject to the CDA and
Applicable Laws, each of Thermo Electron and Fisher shall, and shall cause
each of their respective Subsidiaries to, make available to the other party
(i) a copy of each material report, schedule, registration statement and
other document filed by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of
federal or state securities laws and (ii) all other material information
concerning its business, properties and personnel as such other party may
reasonably request. No review pursuant to this Section 5.3 shall affect or be
deemed to modify any representation or warranty contained herein, the
covenants or agreements of the parties hereto or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties hereto under this Agreement.   (b) Each of Thermo
Electron and Fisher will hold and keep confidential, and will cause their
respective officers and employees and will direct its  
-63-   accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other representatives
and Affiliates to hold and keep confidential, any nonpublic information
in accordance with the terms of the CDA.   SECTION 5.4. Reasonable Best
Efforts.   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use their reasonable best
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be
done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable Laws to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including (i) the
obtaining of all necessary actions or non-actions, waivers, consents and
approvals from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary
registrations and filings and the taking of all steps as may be necessary to
obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by,
any Governmental Entity, including all filings required under the HSR Act,
with the Federal Trade Commission or the United States Department of Justice,
all notifications and other filing required under the ECMR and any other
necessary antitrust, competition or similar laws of any foreign jurisdiction,
(ii) the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers, (iii) the
defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or
administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including promptly seeking to
have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other
Governmental Entity vacated or reversed, and (iv) the execution and delivery
of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of, this Agreement. In
furtherance of the foregoing, the parties shall cooperate and use reasonable
best efforts to determine and agree upon, within two weeks of the date
hereof, a list of those Governmental Entities in foreign jurisdictions
to which it may be necessary or appropriate to submit any filings,
notifications or registrations or take any other actions in connection with
regulatory or legal requirements of such Governmental Entities relating to
the transactions contemplated hereby; provided that the foregoing shall not
affect or otherwise modify the closing conditions in Sections 6.1(b) and (c).
Subject to Applicable Laws relating to the exchange of information, Fisher
and Thermo Electron shall have the right to review in advance, and to the
extent reasonably practicable each will consult the other on, all the
information relating to Fisher and its Subsidiaries or Thermo Electron and
its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, that appears in any filing made with,
or written materials submitted to, any Governmental Entity in connection with
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b)
Each of Thermo Electron and Fisher shall keep the other reasonably apprised
of the status of matters relating to the completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby and work cooperatively in connection with obtaining all
required approvals or consents of any Governmental Entity. In that regard,
each party shall without limitation: (i) promptly notify the other of, and if
in writing, furnish the other with copies of (or, in the case of
oral communications, advise the other orally of) any communications from or
with any Governmental Entity with respect to the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) permit the other to review
and discuss in advance, and consider in good faith the views of the other in
connection with, any proposed written (or any proposed oral) communication
with any such Governmental Entity with respect to the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) not participate in
any meeting or oral   -64-   communication with any such Governmental
Entity with respect to the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement unless it consults with the other in advance
and, to the extent permitted by such Governmental Entity, gives the other the
opportunity to attend and participate thereat, (iv) furnish the other with
copies of all correspondence, filings and communications (and memoranda
setting forth the substance thereof) between it and any such Governmental
Entity with respect to the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger, and (v) furnish
the other with such necessary information and reasonable assistance as the
other may reasonably request in connection with its preparation of necessary
filings or submissions of information to any such Governmental Entity. Each
of Thermo Electron and Fisher may, as each deems advisable and necessary,
reasonably designate any competitively sensitive material provided to the
other under this Section 5.4 as "outside counsel only." Such material and the
information contained therein shall be given only to the outside legal
counsel of the recipient and will not be disclosed by such outside counsel to
employees, officers, or directors of the recipient unless express permission
is obtained in advance from the source of the materials (Thermo Electron or
Fisher, as the case may be) or its legal counsel.   (c) In connection with
and without limiting the foregoing, Thermo Electron and Fisher shall (i) take
all action necessary to ensure that no state takeover statute or similar
statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to this Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) if any state takeover statute
or similar statute or regulation becomes applicable to this Agreement or any
of the transactions contemplated hereby, take all action necessary to ensure
that such transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the
terms required by, or provided for, in this Agreement and otherwise to
minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d) In connection with the
filings referenced in Section 5.4(a) and (b), the parties shall cooperate
with each other and use their respective reasonable best efforts to promptly
prepare and file all necessary documentation, to effect all applications,
notices, petitions and filings, to obtain as promptly as practicable all
permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all Governmental Entities
that are necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (including the Merger), and to comply with the terms and
conditions of all such permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all
such third parties or Governmental Entities. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing contained herein shall be deemed to require Thermo Electron or Fisher
to take any action, or commit to take any action, or agree to any condition
or restriction, in connection with obtaining the foregoing permits, consents,
approvals and authorizations of Governmental Entities, that would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect (measured on a scale relative
to Thermo Electron in the case of Thermo Electron and Fisher in the case of
Fisher) on either Thermo Electron or Fisher, respectively.   (e) Fisher and
its Subsidiaries shall, upon reasonable notice, provide, and shall cause
their respective officers, employees and representatives to provide, all
cooperation reasonably requested by Thermo Electron in connection with (i)
the repayment, repurchase, redemption, defeasance, modification, refinancing,
or assumption, of all rights, duties and obligations, contingent or
otherwise, of Fisher and its Subsidiaries in respect of the  
-65-   Fisher financings described in Section 5.4(e) of the Fisher
Disclosure Schedule and (ii) the contemplated Thermo Electron financings
identified in Section 5.4(e) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule;
provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, no request for cooperation or
other assistance shall be required if it would unreasonably disrupt the
business or operations of Fisher or any of its Subsidiaries.   SECTION 5.5.
Indemnification and Insurance.   (a) From and after the Effective Time,
Thermo Electron will, and will cause the Surviving Corporation to, fulfill
and honor in all respects the obligations of Fisher pursuant to any
indemnification agreements between Fisher and its present or former
directors, officers and employees in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, subject to Applicable Laws. For at least six years after the
Effective Time, Thermo Electron shall, and shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, indemnify and hold harmless the present and former officers
and directors of Fisher and its Subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Parties") for
any costs, judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred
in connection with any claim, action, suit or proceeding (whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative) by reason of the fact that such
Person is or was an officer, director or employee of Fisher or any of its
Subsidiaries in respect of acts or omissions occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time (including those related to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby), and shall advance expenses in respect
thereof, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Laws.   (b) For a period of six years after the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation shall cause to be maintained in effect the
current policies of directors\' and officers\' and fiduciary liability
insurance maintained by Fisher with respect to claims arising from facts or
events which occurred on or before the Effective Time (including those
related to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby);
provided, that the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies of
at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which
are no less advantageous to former officers and directors of Fisher only with
respect to claims arising from facts or events which occurred at or before
the Effective Time; and provided, further, that if the aggregate annual
premiums for such policies at any time during such period will exceed 250% of
the per annum premium rate paid by Fisher and its Subsidiaries as of the date
hereof for such policies, then Thermo Electron shall be required to provide
as much coverage as is then available at such annual premium.   (c)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and to the maximum extent
permitted by Applicable Laws, if any claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation is made or brought against any Indemnified Party on or prior to
the sixth anniversary of the Effective Time, the provisions of this Section
5.5 shall continue in effect until the final disposition of such
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation.   (d) If Thermo Electron,
the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns
(i) shall consolidate with or merge into any other Person and shall not be
the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
merger or (ii) shall transfer all or substantially all of its properties or
assets to any Person, then, in each case, Thermo Electron shall take such
action as may be necessary so that such Person shall assume all of the
applicable obligations set forth in this Section 5.5.   -66-    (e) The
provisions of this Section 5.5 are (i) intended to be for the benefit of, and
shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her heirs and
representatives and (ii) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any
other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such Person may have
by contract or otherwise.   SECTION 5.6. Fees and Expenses. Except as set
forth in this Section 5.6 and in Section 7.2, all fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such fees
or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated, except that each of
Fisher and Thermo Electron shall bear and pay one-half of the costs and
expenses incurred by Thermo Electron, Merger Sub or Fisher (other than
attorneys\' fees, accountants\' fees and related expenses) in connection with
(i) the filing, printing and mailing of the Form S-4 (including financial
statements and exhibits), the Joint Proxy Statement (including SEC filing
fees) and any preliminary materials related thereto and (ii) the filings of
the premerger notification and report forms under the HSR Act and any
applicable antitrust, competition or similar laws of any foreign jurisdiction
(including filing fees).   SECTION 5.7. Public Announcements. Neither Fisher
nor Thermo Electron shall, and neither Fisher nor Thermo Electron shall
permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, issue or cause the
publication of any press release or other public announcement with respect
to, or otherwise make any public statement concerning, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement without the prior consent (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld) of Thermo Electron, in the case of a proposed
announcement or statement by Fisher, or Fisher, in the case of a proposed
announcement or statement by Thermo Electron; provided, however, that either
party may, without the prior consent of the other party (but after prior
consultation with the other party to the extent practicable under the
circumstances) issue or cause the publication of any press release or other
public announcement to the extent required by law or by the rules and
regulations of the NYSE.   SECTION 5.8. Listing. Thermo Electron shall use
reasonable best efforts to cause the Thermo Electron Common Stock issuable
under Article II, and those shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock required
to be reserved for issuance in connection with the Merger, to be authorized
for listing on the NYSE, upon official notice of issuance.   SECTION 5.9.
Tax-Free Reorganization Treatment. Thermo Electron and Fisher hereby adopt
this Agreement as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a). Thermo Electron and Fisher
intend that the Merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code, and each shall, and shall cause their respective
Subsidiaries to, use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger to so
qualify. Neither Thermo Electron, Merger Sub nor Fisher shall take any
action, cause or permit any action to be taken, or fail to take any action,
that would reasonably be expected to cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   SECTION
5.10. Conveyance Taxes. Fisher and Thermo Electron shall cooperate in the
preparation, execution and filing of all returns, questionnaires,
applications or other documents regarding any real property transfer or
gains, sales, use, transfer, value added,   -67-   stock transfer and
stamp taxes, any transfer, recording, registration and other fees or any
similar taxes which become payable in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement that are required or permitted to be filed on
or before the Effective Time.   SECTION 5.11. Equity Awards and Employee
Benefits.   (a) Equity Awards. Fisher Options. At the Effective Time,
each then outstanding Fisher Option, whether or not exercisable at the
Effective Time, will be assumed by Thermo Electron. Subject to, and in
accordance with, the terms of the applicable Fisher Stock Plan and option
award agreement, each Fisher Option so assumed by Thermo Electron under this
Agreement will otherwise continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms
and conditions set forth in the applicable Fisher Option (including any
applicable option award agreement or other document evidencing such Fisher
Option) immediately prior to the Effective Time (including any vesting or
forfeiture provisions or repurchase rights, but taking into account any
acceleration of Fisher Options pursuant to any Fisher Benefit Plan or
applicable option award agreement), except that (A) each Fisher Option, when
exercisable, will be exercisable for that number of whole shares of Thermo
Electron Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Fisher
Common Stock that were subject to such Fisher Option immediately prior to the
Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the
nearest whole number of shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock and (B) the
per share exercise price for the shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of such assumed Fisher Option will be equal to the
quotient determined by dividing the exercise price per share of Fisher Common
Stock of such Fisher Option by the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest
whole cent.   (ii) Fisher Stock Unit Awards. At the Effective Time, each 
Fisher Stock Unit Award then outstanding shall be assumed by Thermo 
Electron. Subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of the applicable 
Fisher Stock Plan or Fisher Deferred Compensation Plan and any applicable 
award or other agreement, each Fisher Stock Unit Award shall be converted 
into the right to receive the number of shares of Thermo Electron Common 
Stock (or an amount in respect thereof for cash settled Fisher Stock Unit 
Awards) equal to the number of shares of Fisher Common Stock subject to  the
Fisher Stock Unit Award, multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (rounded  down to
the nearest whole number of shares of Thermo Electron Common  Stock). Each
Fisher Stock Unit Award shall have the same terms and  conditions as were in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time,  except that the performance
conditions applicable to the vesting of the  assumed Fisher Stock Unit Awards
shall be deemed to have been satisfied  effective as of the Closing Date, and
such Fisher Stock Unit Awards (other  than those granted under the Fisher
2005 Equity and Incentive Plan) that  are evidenced by a Performance Based
Restricted Stock Unit Purchase  Agreement and which become vested and payable
in accordance with their  current terms upon a change in control transaction
(for this purpose  taking into account Section 5.11(e) hereof) (the holders
of which and the  related number of units are identified on a list which
Fisher has  delivered to Thermo Electron prior to the date hereof), shall
instead vest  and be settled in three equal increments on the first three
anniversaries  of the original grant date of the Fisher Stock Unit Award,
subject to the  holder\'s continued employment with Thermo Electron or the
Surviving  Corporation or their Subsidiaries as of each such vesting date,
unless,  following the Closing Date, the holder of the Fisher Stock Unit
Award is  terminated prior to the full vesting of the Fisher Stock Unit Award
either  without Cause or for Good Reason   -68-    (as each such term is
defined in Fisher\'s 2005 Equity and Incentive Plan),  in which case the
Fisher Stock Unit Award will vest immediately upon such  termination of
employment. Fisher Stock Unit Awards described in this  Section 5.11(a)(ii)
that vest upon a termination of employment as  described in the previous
sentence shall be settled upon the earliest date  following the applicable
vesting date which will not cause an imposition  of any additional tax under
Section 409A of the Code.   (iii) Fisher and Thermo Electron agree that
prior to the  Effective Time, Fisher shall, and shall be permitted under this
Agreement,  to take all corporate action necessary, including, but not
limited to,  amending any Fisher Option, Fisher Stock Unit Award or Fisher
equity award  agreement evidencing such award, or Fisher Stock Plan or Fisher
Deferred  Compensation Plan, (A) to effectuate the provisions of Section
5.11(a)(i)  and Section 5.11(a)(ii) and (B) to the extent applicable, to
preclude any  automatic or formulaic grant of options, restricted shares or
other awards  thereunder on or after the date hereof other than pursuant to
the Fisher  Purchase Plan as in effect on the date hereof. From and after
the  Effective Time, all references to Fisher (other than any references 
relating to a "change in control" of Fisher) in each Fisher Stock Plan, 
Fisher Deferred Compensation Plan and in each agreement evidencing any 
Fisher Options or Fisher Stock Unit Awards shall be deemed to refer to 
Thermo Electron, unless Thermo Electron determines otherwise. As soon as 
reasonably practicable, but in no event later than ten business days 
following the Effective Time, Thermo Electron will (A) issue to each  holder
of an assumed Fisher Option or Fisher Stock Unit Award a document  evidencing
the foregoing assumption of such Fisher Option or Fisher Stock  Unit Award by
Thermo Electron, (B) issue appropriate notices setting forth  such holders\'
rights pursuant to the assumed Fisher Options or Fisher  Stock Unit Awards,
and (C) issue appropriate notices to each holder of an  assumed Fisher Option
or Fisher Stock Unit Award setting forth the effect  of the Merger on the
Fisher Options or Fisher Stock Unit Awards. Prior to  the Effective Time,
Thermo Electron shall take all corporate action  necessary to reserve for
issuance a sufficient number of shares of Thermo  Electron Common Stock for
delivery in connection with the exercise of the  converted Fisher Options and
Fisher Stock Unit Awards. The parties shall  use their reasonable best
efforts to ensure that the conversion of any  Fisher Options which are
intended to be "incentive stock options" (as  defined in Section 422 of the
Code) provided for in Section 5.11(a)(i)  shall be effected in a manner
consistent with Section 424(a) of the Code.   (iv) Within one business day
of the Closing Date, Thermo  Electron shall register the shares of Thermo
Electron Common Stock subject  to Fisher Options and Fisher Stock Unit Awards
by filing an effective  registration statement on Form S-8 (or any successor
form) or another  appropriate form, and Thermo Electron shall maintain the
effectiveness of  such registration statement or registration statements with
respect  thereto for so long as such awards remain outstanding. Following
the  Closing Date, Thermo Electron may grant equity awards under the Fisher 
Stock Plans, to the extent shares are available for grant under any such 
plan, in accordance with the mergers and acquisitions exemption to the 
equity compensation plan shareholder approval requirement under the NYSE 
rules.   (v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Thermo Electron shall not  be
required to take any of the actions contemplated by this Section  5.11(a) if,
and to the extent that, such action does not comply with the  Applicable Law
of any foreign jurisdiction.   -69-    (b) Fisher shall terminate the
Fisher Purchase Plan at least one full payroll period prior to the Effective
Time. To the extent any offering period under the Fisher Purchase Plan is in
progress prior to such termination, Fisher shall ensure that such offering
period ends immediately prior to such termination, and that each
participant\'s accumulated contributions for such offering period are applied
towards the purchase of Fisher Common Stock immediately prior to such
termination unless the participant has previously withdrawn from such
offering period in accordance with the terms of such plan.   (c) This
Section 5.11(c) shall apply to each employee of Fisher or its Subsidiaries as
of immediately prior to the Effective Time other than Represented Employees
(as defined in Section 5.12) (the "Fisher Employees"). Following the Closing
Date, and for two years thereafter, but in no event later than such time as a
Fisher Employee ceases to be employed by or provide services to Thermo
Electron or the Surviving Corporation or their Subsidiaries following the
Effective Time, Thermo Electron shall provide, or cause to be provided,
the Fisher Employees, benefits and compensation (other than stock options or
other equity-based incentive plans, programs, agreements or arrangements)
that in the aggregate are substantially no less favorable than the benefits
provided, in the aggregate, to such individuals by Fisher and its
Subsidiaries; it being understood that the Fisher Employees may commence
participating in the Thermo Electron Benefit Plans on different dates
following the Closing Date with respect to different Thermo Electron Benefit
Plans. Thermo Electron shall give Fisher Employees full credit for purposes
of eligibility, vesting, determination of the level of benefits and benefit
accrual under any employee benefit plans or arrangements maintained by Thermo
Electron or any Subsidiary for such Fisher Employees\' service with Fisher
and its Subsidiaries (and service with any predecessor, to the extent
recognized by Fisher or its Subsidiaries) prior to the Closing Date, except
to the extent that such crediting would result in duplication of benefits and
provided that no prior service credit shall be recognized for purposes of (i)
benefit accrual, level of pay credits and/or grandfathering under any defined
benefit plan or (ii) post-retirement welfare benefits. Thermo Electron shall
(i) waive all limitations as to preexisting conditions exclusions and waiting
periods with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to
the Fisher Employees under any welfare benefit plans that such employees may
be eligible to participate in after the Effective Time, other than
limitations or waiting periods that are already in effect with respect to
such employees and that have not been satisfied as of the Effective Time
under any welfare plan maintained for the Fisher Employees immediately prior
to the Closing Date, and (ii) provide each Fisher Employee with credit for
any co-payments and deductibles paid under any Fisher Benefit Plan that
provides healthcare benefits in the plan year in effect as of the Closing
Date in satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-pocket requirements
under any healthcare plans of Thermo Electron or the Surviving Corporation
that such employees are eligible to participate in after the Effective Time
to the same extent that such expenses were recognized under the comparable
Fisher Benefit Plan.   (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, no provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to (i) guarantee
employment for any period of time for, or preclude the ability of either
party to terminate, any Fisher Employee for any reason or (ii) subject to the
limitations and requirements specifically set forth in this Section 5.11,
require either party to continue any Thermo Electron Benefit Plan or Fisher
Benefit Plan or prevent the amendment, modification or termination thereof
after the Effective Time.   -70-    (e) Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, as of the Effective Time, Thermo Electron shall cause the
Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to honor in accordance with their
terms all employment, change in control, severance and other compensation
agreements and arrangements existing prior to the execution of this Agreement
which are between Fisher or any Subsidiary and any director, officer or
employee thereof and set forth in Section 5.11(e) of the Fisher Disclosure
Schedule (each a "Fisher Executive Agreement"); provided, that, nothing
herein shall prevent Thermo Electron from amending any such agreement or plan
in accordance with its terms, including such amendments as may be necessary
to avoid the imposition of a tax under Section 409A of the Code. Fisher and
Thermo Electron hereby agree that the occurrence of the Closing shall
constitute a "Change in Control" for purposes of any Fisher Executive
Agreement and all Fisher Benefit Plans and related trusts set forth
in Section 5.11(e) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule.   (f) Fisher shall be
entitled to pay or provide for cash bonus payments in an aggregate amount not
to exceed the amount set forth in Section 5.11(f) of the Fisher Disclosure
Schedule, to such individuals, in such amounts and upon such terms and
conditions as Fisher may determine consistent with such schedule.   (g) As
soon as practicable following the date hereof (but in any event within 30
days hereof), the Board of Directors of Thermo Electron shall, in
consultation with Fisher and with Fisher\'s approval (which shall not
be unreasonably withheld), establish a long-term incentive compensation
program for Thermo Electron senior management, which awards shall provide
each such employee with unvested long-term incentive compensation that is
comparable in aggregate value to the currently unvested (but with accelerated
vesting upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement) equity-based and other long-term incentive compensation that is
now held by such employee.   (h) Following the date hereof, but in no event
later that 30 days following the date hereof, Fisher shall take action with
respect to the plan identified in Section 5.11(h) of the Fisher Disclosure
Schedule in the manner set forth in such Schedule.   SECTION 5.12. Honoring
of Collective Bargaining Agreements; Represented Employees. With respect to
any continuing employee whose terms and conditions of employment are governed
by any of the collective bargaining agreements listed on Section 3.1(h)(ii)
of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule (each a "Represented Employee"), Thermo
Electron agrees to honor or cause to be honored the collective bargaining
agreements listed on Section 3.1(h)(ii) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule as
of the Closing Date and to continue all terms and conditions of employment
applicable to such Represented Employees under their respective collective
bargaining agreements through the expiration, modification or termination of
such agreements in conformity with Applicable Law.   SECTION 5.13.
Affiliates. Fisher shall use its reasonable efforts to cause each Person who
is, in Fisher\'s reasonable judgment, an "affiliate" of Fisher within the
meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act ("Rule 145
Affiliates") to deliver to Thermo Electron, as soon as reasonably practicable
and in any event prior to the meeting of Fisher stockholders to be held
pursuant to Section 5.1(b), a written agreement substantially in the
form attached as Exhibit 5.13. Thermo Electron shall be entitled to place
appropriate legends   -71-   (reasonably acceptable to Fisher) on the
certificates evidencing any shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock to be
received by Rule 145 Affiliates in the Merger reflecting the restrictions set
forth in Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act and to issue
appropriate stop transfer instructions to the transfer agent for Thermo
Electron Common Stock (provided, that such legends or stop transfer
instructions shall be removed, one year after the Effective Time, upon the
request of any holder of shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock issued in the
Merger if such holder is not then a Rule 145 Affiliate).   SECTION 5.14.
Notification of Certain Matters. Thermo Electron shall give prompt notice to
Fisher and Fisher shall give prompt notice to Thermo Electron, as the case
may be, of the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any event, which
occurrence or failure to occur would reasonably be expected to cause (a)(i)
any representation or warranty of such party contained in this Agreement that
is qualified as to "materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" to be untrue or
inaccurate in any respect or (ii) any other representation or warranty of
such party contained in this Agreement that is not qualified as
to "materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" to be untrue or inaccurate in
any material respect, in each case at any time from and after the date of
this Agreement until the Effective Time, or (b) any material failure of
Thermo Electron and the Merger Sub or Fisher, as the case may be, to comply
with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or
satisfied by it under this Agreement. In addition, Thermo Electron shall give
prompt notice to Fisher and Fisher shall give prompt notice to Thermo
Electron, as the case may be, of any change or event having, or which would
reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on such party and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or which would reasonably be expected to
result in the failure of any of the conditions set forth in Article VI to be
satisfied. Notwithstanding the above, the delivery of any notice pursuant to
this Section 5.14 will not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice or the conditions to such
party\'s obligation to consummate the Merger.   SECTION 5.15. Section 16
Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, each of Thermo Electron and Fisher
shall use their reasonable best efforts to take all such steps as may be
required (to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws) to cause any
dispositions of Fisher Common Stock (including derivative securities) or
acquisitions of Thermo Electron Common Stock (including derivative
securities with respect to Thermo Electron Common Stock) resulting from the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by each individual who is subject
to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with
respect to Fisher to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act.   SECTION 5.16. State Takeover Laws. Prior to the Effective
Time, neither Fisher nor Thermo Electron shall take any action to render
inapplicable, or to exempt any third Person from, any state takeover law or
state law that purports to limit or restrict business combinations or the
ability to acquire or vote shares of capital stock unless (i) required to do
so by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) Thermo Electron\'s
or Fisher\'s Board of Directors, as the case may be, has concluded in good
faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that the failure to
take such action is reasonably likely to result in a breach of its Board of
Directors\' fiduciary obligations to their stockholders, respectively, under
Applicable Laws.   -72-    SECTION 5.17. Reservation of Thermo Electron
Common Stock. Effective at or prior to the Effective Time, Thermo Electron
shall reserve (free from preemptive rights) out of its reserved but unissued
or treasury shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock, for the purposes of
effecting the conversion of the issued and outstanding shares of Fisher
Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, sufficient shares of Thermo Electron
Common Stock to provide for such conversion as well as the issuance of Thermo
Electron Common Stock upon the exercise or settlement of Fisher Options and
Fisher Stock Unit Awards assumed by Thermo Electron under Section 5.11.  
ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   SECTION 6.1. Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The obligation of each party to
effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the
Closing of the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approvals. Each of
the Thermo Electron Stockholder Approval and the Fisher Stockholder Approval
shall have been obtained.   (b) Antitrust Waiting Periods. The waiting
periods (and any extensions thereof) and any approvals applicable to the
Merger under (i) the HSR Act, and (ii) the ECMR shall have been terminated or
shall have expired or shall have been obtained, as applicable.   (c)
Consents and Approvals. Other than the expirations and approvals required by
Section 6.1(b), all filings with, and all consents, approvals and
authorizations of, any Governmental Entity required to be made or obtained by
Thermo Electron, Fisher or any of their respective Subsidiaries to consummate
the Merger shall have been obtained, other than such consents, approvals and
authorizations the failure of which to be made or obtained would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on
Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, respectively (determined, for purposes of
this clause, after giving effect to the Merger).   (d) No Injunctions or
Restraints. No judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation, or other legal restraint or prohibition, entered, enacted,
promulgated, enforced or issued by any court or other Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction shall be in effect that makes illegal or prohibits the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (e) Form
S-4. The Form S-4 shall have become effective under the Securities Act prior
to the mailing of the Joint Proxy Statement by each of Thermo Electron and
Fisher to their stockholders, respectively, and no stop order or proceedings
seeking a stop order shall have been initiated or, to the Knowledge of Thermo
Electron or Fisher, threatened by the SEC.   -73-    (f) Listing. The
shares of Thermo Electron Common Stock issuable to the stockholders of Fisher
as provided for in Article II shall have been authorized for listing on the
NYSE upon official notice of issuance.   SECTION 6.2. Conditions to
Obligations of Fisher. The obligation of Fisher to effect the Merger is
further subject to satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the Closing of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of Thermo Electron and Merger Sub set forth
herein shall be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as
to "materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein (other than
the representation set forth in Section 3.2(f)(ii), which shall be read with
the Material Adverse Effect qualification)) both when made and at and as of
the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such time (except to the extent
expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such date), except
where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and
correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to "materiality" or
"Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein (other than the representation
set forth in Section 3.2(f)(ii), which shall be read with the Material
Adverse Effect qualification)) does not have, and would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Thermo Electron and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of Thermo Electron and Merger Sub. Each of Thermo
Electron and Merger Sub shall have performed, or complied with, in all
material respects all obligations required to be performed or complied with
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.   (c) No
Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect of Thermo Electron and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall have occurred since the date of
this Agreement and be continuing.   (d) Officer\'s Certificate. Fisher shall
have received an officer\'s certificate duly executed by each of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Thermo Electron to the
effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.2(a), (b) and (c) have
been satisfied.   (e) Tax Opinion. Fisher shall have received an opinion
of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom, LLP ("Fisher\'s Counsel"), in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Fisher, dated the Closing Date, to
the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions set
forth or referred to in such opinion that are consistent with the state of
facts existing at the Effective Time, the Merger will be treated as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering
such opinion, Fisher\'s Counsel may require and rely upon representations and
covenants, including those contained in certificates of officers of Fisher,
Thermo Electron and others, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
such counsel.   -74-    SECTION 6.3. Conditions to Obligations of Thermo
Electron and Merger Sub. The obligations of Thermo Electron and Merger Sub to
effect the Merger are further subject to satisfaction or waiver at or prior
to the Closing of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of Fisher set forth herein
shall be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to
"materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein (other than the
representation set forth in Section 3.1(f)(ii), which shall be read with the
Material Adverse Effect qualification)) both when made and at and as of the
Closing Date, as if made at and as of such time (except to the extent
expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such date), except
where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and
correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to "materiality" or
"Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein (other than the representation
set forth in Section 3.1(f)(ii), which shall be read with the Material
Adverse Effect qualification)) does not have, and would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect on Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (b) Performance
of Obligations of Fisher. Fisher shall have performed, or complied with, in
all material respects all obligations required to be performed or complied
with by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.   (c) No
Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect of Fisher and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall have occurred since the date of this
Agreement and be continuing.   (d) Officer\'s Certificate. Thermo Electron
shall have received an officer\'s certificate duly executed by each of the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Fisher to the effect
that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.3(a), (b) and (c) have been
satisfied.   (e) Tax Opinion. Thermo Electron shall have received an
opinion of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz ("Thermo Electron\'s Counsel"), in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Thermo Electron, dated the
Closing Date, to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and
assumptions set forth or referred to in such opinion that are consistent with
the state of facts existing at the Effective Time, the Merger will be treated
as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In
rendering such opinion, Thermo Electron\'s Counsel may require and rely upon
representations and covenants, including those contained in certificates of
officers of Thermo Electron, Fisher and others, reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to such counsel.   ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION,
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   SECTION 7.1. Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of Thermo Electron or Fisher:   -75-    (a) by mutual
written consent of Fisher and Thermo Electron, if the Board of Directors of
each so determines;   (b) by written notice of either Fisher or Thermo
Electron (as authorized by the Board of Directors of Fisher or Thermo
Electron, as applicable):   (i) if the Merger shall not have been
consummated by 365 days  from the date of this Agreement (the "Outside
Date");   (ii) if a Governmental Entity that is of competent  jurisdiction
shall have issued a final and nonappealable order, decree or  ruling or taken
any other action (including the failure to have taken an  action), having the
effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or  otherwise prohibiting the
Merger;   (iii) if the Fisher Stockholder Approval shall not have been 
obtained at the Fisher Stockholders\' Meeting, or at any adjournment or 
postponement thereof, at which the vote to obtain the Fisher Stockholder 
Approval was taken; or   (iv) if the Thermo Electron Stockholder Approval
shall not  have been obtained at the Thermo Electron Stockholders\' Meeting,
or at any  adjournment or postponement thereof, at which the vote to obtain
the  Thermo Electron Stockholder Approval was taken;   (c) by Fisher (as
authorized by its Board of Directors) upon a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Thermo Electron set forth in
this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Thermo Electron shall
have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in
Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b) would not be satisfied as of the time of
such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have
become untrue and in any such case such breach shall be incapable of being
cured or shall not have been cured in all material respects within 10 days
after written notice thereof shall have been received by Thermo Electron;  
(d) by Thermo Electron (as authorized by its Board of Directors) upon a
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of
Fisher set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty
of Fisher shall have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions
set forth in Section 6.3(a) or Section 6.3(b) would not be satisfied as of
the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty
shall have become untrue and in any such case such breach shall be incapable
of being cured or shall not have been cured in all material respects within
10 days after written notice thereof shall have been received by Fisher;  
(e) by Fisher (as authorized by its Board of Directors) if the Board of
Directors of Thermo Electron, for any reason, (i) shall have failed
to recommend in the Joint Proxy Statement a vote in favor of the Stock
Issuance and the Charter Amendment, or (ii) in a manner adverse to Fisher,
(x) withdrawn, modified or qualified, or proposed to withdraw, modify or
qualify, the recommendation by such Board of Directors in favor of the Stock
Issuance and the Charter Amendment to Thermo Electron\'s stockholders, (y)
taken any public action or made any public statement in connection with the
meeting of Thermo Electron stockholders to be held   -76-   pursuant to
Section 5.1(b), inconsistent with such recommendation or (z) recommended any
Alternative Transaction (or, in the case of clause (ii), resolved to take any
such action), whether or not permitted by the terms hereof; or   (f) by
Thermo Electron (as authorized by its Board of Directors) if the Board of
Directors of Fisher, for any reason, (i) shall have failed to recommend in
the Joint Proxy Statement the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the
Merger, or (ii) in a manner adverse to Thermo Electron, (x) withdrawn,
modified or qualified, or proposed to withdraw, modify or qualify, the
recommendation by such Board of Directors in favor of the approval
and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger to Fisher\'s stockholders, (y)
taken any public action or made any public statement in connection with the
meeting of Fisher stockholders to be held pursuant to Section 5.1(b),
inconsistent with such recommendation or (z) recommended any Alternative
Transaction (or, in the case of clause (ii), resolved to take any such
action), whether or not permitted by the terms hereof.   SECTION 7.2.
Effect of Termination and Payment.   (a) In the event of termination of this
Agreement as provided in Section 7.1 hereof and the payment of a Thermo
Electron Termination Fee or Fisher Termination Fee, if any, this Agreement
shall forthwith become void and have no effect and there shall be no
liability of any nature whatsoever on the part of any of the parties, except
(i) as set forth in Sections 5.3(b), 5.6, this Section 7.2, as well as
Article VIII (other than Section 8.1) to the extent applicable to such
surviving sections, each of which shall survive termination of this
Agreement, and (ii) that nothing herein shall relieve any party from
any further liability for any willful or intentional breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of such party contained
herein. No termination of this Agreement shall affect the obligations of the
parties contained in the CDA, all of which obligations shall survive
termination of this Agreement in accordance with their terms. Subject to the
foregoing provisions of this Section 7.2(a), payments made pursuant to this
Section 7.2 shall be in addition to any other rights, remedies and relief of
the parties hereto or with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement.   (b) Thermo Electron shall pay Fisher, by wire transfer
of immediately available funds, the sum of $200 million (the "Thermo
Electron Termination Fee") if this Agreement is terminated as follows:  
(i) if Fisher shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section 7.1(e),
then Thermo Electron shall pay the Thermo Electron  Termination Fee on the
business day following such termination;   (ii) if either party shall
terminate this Agreement pursuant  to (A) Section 7.1(b)(i) and at the time
of such termination the Thermo  Electron Stockholder Approval has not been
obtained, or (B) Section  7.1(b)(iv), or Fisher shall terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section  7.1(c), and in each such case at any time
after the date of this Agreement  and before such termination an Alternative
Transaction Proposal with  respect to Thermo Electron shall have been
publicly proposed or publicly  disclosed or, solely in the case of a
termination under Section 7.1(c),  otherwise communicated to the senior
management or Board of Directors of  Thermo Electron, and   -77-   
within 12 months of the date of such termination of this Agreement, Thermo 
Electron or any of its Subsidiaries executes any definitive agreement with 
respect to, or consummates any Alternative Transaction, then Thermo  Electron
shall pay the Thermo Electron Termination Fee upon the date of  such
execution or consummation (it being understood that in no event shall  Thermo
Electron be required to pay the fee referred to in this Section  7.2(b) on
more than one occasion).  If Thermo Electron fails to pay all amounts due to
Fisher on the dates specified, then Thermo Electron shall pay all costs and
expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred by Fisher in connection
with any action or proceeding (including the filing of any lawsuit) taken by
it to collect such unpaid amounts, together with interest on such unpaid
amounts at the prime lending rate prevailing at such time, as published in
the Wall Street Journal, from the date such amounts were required to be paid
until the date actually received by Fisher.   (c) Fisher shall pay Thermo
Electron, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the sum of $300
million (the "Fisher Termination Fee") if this Agreement is terminated as
follows:   (i) if Thermo Electron shall terminate this Agreement  pursuant
to Section 7.1(f) then Fisher shall pay the Fisher Termination  Fee on the
business day following such termination;   (ii) if either party shall
terminate this Agreement pursuant  to (A) Section 7.1(b)(i) and at the time
of such termination the Fisher  Stockholder Approval has not been obtained,
or (B) Section 7.1(b)(iii), or  Thermo Electron shall terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(d),  and in each such case at any time
after the date of this Agreement and  before such termination an Alternative
Transaction Proposal with respect  to Fisher shall have been publicly
proposed or publicly disclosed or,  solely in the case of a termination under
Section 7.1(d), otherwise  communicated to the senior management or Board of
Directors of Fisher, and  within 12 months of the date of such termination of
this Agreement, Fisher  or any of its Subsidiaries executes any definitive
agreement with respect  to, or consummates any Alternative Transaction, then
Fisher shall pay the  Fisher Termination Fee upon the date of such execution
or consummation (it  being understood that in no event shall Fisher be
required to pay the fee  referred to in this Section 7.2(c) on more than one
occasion).  If Fisher fails to pay all amounts due to Thermo Electron on the
dates specified, then Fisher shall pay all costs and expenses (including
legal fees and expenses) incurred by Thermo Electron in connection with any
action or proceeding (including the filing of any lawsuit) taken by it to
collect such unpaid amounts, together with interest on such unpaid amounts at
the prime lending rate prevailing at such time, as published in The Wall
Street Journal, from the date such amounts were required to be paid until the
date actually received by Thermo Electron.   SECTION 7.3. Amendment.
Subject to compliance with Applicable Laws, this Agreement may be amended by
the parties at any time before or after the Thermo Electron Stockholder
Approval or the Fisher Stockholder Approval; provided, however, that after
the occurrence of either the Fisher Stockholder Approval or the Thermo
Electron Stockholder   -78-   Approval there may not be, without further
approval of the stockholders of Fisher and Thermo Electron, any amendment of
this Agreement that changes the amount or the form of the consideration to be
delivered to the holders of Fisher Common Stock hereunder, or which by
Applicable Laws otherwise expressly requires the further approval of such
stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto and duly approved by
the parties\' respective Boards of Directors or a duly designated committee
thereof.   SECTION 7.4. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, a party may, subject to the proviso of Section 7.3 (and for
this purpose treating any waiver referred to below as an amendment), (a)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties of the other parties contained in this
Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c)
waive compliance by the other party hereto with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party
to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. Any extension or waiver
given in compliance with this Section 7.4 or failure to insist on
strict compliance with an obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall
not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or
other failure.   ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL PROVISIONS   SECTION 8.1.
Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties. None of the representations
and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to
this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This Section 8.1 shall not
limit the survival of any covenant or agreement of the parties in
the Agreement which by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective
Time.   SECTION 8.2. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and
other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally, sent via facsimile (receipt confirmed)
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (providing proof of
delivery) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   (a) if to Fisher
to:   Fisher Scientific International, Inc.  One Liberty Lane  Hampton,
New Hampshire 03842  Fax: (603) 929-2379  Attention: Sarah McConnell  
-79-    with a copy to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP  Four
Times Square  New York, NY 10036  Fax: (917) 777-3860  Attention: Ralph
Arditi   (b) if to Thermo Electron or Merger Sub, to:   Thermo Electron
Corporation  81 Wyman Street  Waltham, Massachusetts 02454  Fax: (781)
622-1207  Attention: Seth Hoogasian   with a copy to:   Wachtell, Lipton,
Rosen and Katz  51 W. 52nd Street  New York, NY 10019  Fax: (212) 403-2000 
Attention: Craig M. Wasserman    SECTION 8.3. Definitions. For purposes of
this Agreement:   (a) An "Affiliate" of any Person means another Person
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, such first Person,
where "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management policies of a Person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, as trustee or
executor, or otherwise;   (b) An "Alternative Transaction" means any (i)
transaction pursuant to which any Person (or group of Persons), directly or
indirectly, acquires or would acquire more than 20% of the outstanding shares
of Fisher Common Stock or Thermo Electron Common Stock, as applicable, or
outstanding voting power or of any new series or new class of preferred stock
that would be entitled to a class or series vote with respect to the Merger,
whether from Fisher or Thermo Electron or pursuant to a tender offer or
exchange offer or otherwise (provided that, for purposes of "Alternative
Transaction" as such term is used in Sections 7.2(b)(ii) and 7.2(c)(ii), the
reference to "20%" in this clause (i) shall be substituted with "25%" in the
case of any acquisition by a Person or affiliated group of Persons, or
"38.5%" in the case of an aggregated acquisition by an unaffiliated group of
Persons in a widely dispersed offering), (ii) transaction pursuant to which
any Person (or group of Persons) acquires or would acquire control of assets
(including for this purpose the outstanding equity securities of subsidiaries
of Fisher or Thermo Electron, as applicable, and securities of the entity
surviving any merger or business combination including any of Fisher\'s or
Thermo Electron\'s Subsidiaries) of Fisher or Thermo   -80-   Electron,
or any of their respective subsidiaries representing more than 20% of the
fair market value of all of the assets, net revenues or net income of
Fisher and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Thermo Electron and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as applicable, immediately prior to such
transaction, or (iii) other merger, share exchange, consolidation, business
combination, recapitalization or similar transaction (other than the Merger)
involving Fisher or Thermo Electron or any of their respective subsidiaries,
as applicable, as a result of which the holders of shares of Fisher Common
Stock or Thermo Electron Common Stock, respectively, immediately prior to
such transaction would not, in the aggregate, own more than 61.5% of each of
the outstanding shares of common stock and the outstanding voting power of
the surviving or resulting entity in such transaction immediately after the
consummation thereof, in each case other than the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;   (c) "Contract" shall mean any written, oral or other
agreement, contract, subcontract, settlement agreement, lease, sublease,
binding understanding, instrument, note, option, bond, mortgage, indenture,
trust document, loan or credit agreement, warranty, purchase order,
license, sublicense, insurance policy, benefit plan or legally binding
commitment or undertaking of any nature, as in effect as of the date hereof
or as may hereinafter be in effect;   (d) "Environmental Laws" means any
and all federal, state, foreign, interstate, local or municipal laws, rules,
orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decisions, injunctions,
decrees, requirements of any Governmental Entity, any and all common law
requirements, rules and bases of liability regulating, relating to, or
imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning pollution, Hazardous
Materials or protection of human health, safety or the environment, as
currently in effect, including, but not limited to, the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. ss. 9601 et
seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. ss. 1801 et seq.,
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. ss. 6901 et seq., the
Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. ss. 1251 et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. ss.
7401 et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. ss. 2601 et
seq., the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C., ss.
136 et seq., Occupational Safety and Health Act 29 U.S.C. ss. 651 et seq.,
the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. ss. 2701 et seq., and the Endangered
Species Act (16 U.S.C. ss. 1531 et seq.) as such laws have been amended or
supplemented, and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, and all
analogous state or local statutes;   (e) "Environmental Liabilities" with
respect to any Person means any and all liabilities of or relating to such
Person or any of its Subsidiaries (including any entity which is, in whole or
in part, a predecessor of such Person or any of such Subsidiaries), which (i)
arise under or relate to matters covered by Environmental Laws and (ii)
relate to actions occurring or conditions existing on or prior to the Closing
Date;   (f) "Hazardous Materials" means any materials or wastes,
defined, listed, classified or regulated as hazardous, toxic, a pollutant, a
contaminant or dangerous in or under any Environmental Laws including, but
not limited to, petroleum, petroleum products, friable asbestos, urea
formaldehyde, radioactive materials and polychlorinated biphenyls;   (g)
"Intellectual Property" shall mean trademarks, service marks, trade names,
brand names, certification marks, designs, logos and slogans, commercial
symbols,   -81-   business name registrations, domain names, trade dress
and other indications of origin and general intangibles of like nature, the
goodwill associated with the foregoing and registrations in any domestic or
foreign jurisdiction of, and applications in any such jurisdiction to
register, the foregoing, including any extension, modification or renewal of
any such registration or application; inventions, discoveries and biological
materials, whether patentable or not and whether or not reduced to practice,
in any domestic or foreign jurisdiction; patents, applications for patents
(including, without limitation, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-
part, reissues and renewal applications), and any renewals, extensions,
supplementary protection certificates or reissues thereof, in any such
jurisdiction; research and development data (including without limitation the
results of research into and development of drug or biologic-based products
and drug delivery systems), formulae, know-how, proprietary processes,
algorithms, models and methodologies, technical information, designs,
procedures, laboratory notebooks, trade secrets and confidential information
and rights in any domestic or foreign jurisdiction to limit the use or
disclosure thereof by any Person; writings and other works of authorship of
any type (including the content contained on any web site), whether
copyrightable or not, in any such jurisdiction; computer software (whether in
source code or object code form), databases, compilations and data; and
registrations or applications for registration of copyrights in any
domestic or foreign jurisdiction, and any renewals or extensions thereof; and
any similar intellectual property or proprietary rights;   (h) "Knowledge"
means, with respect to Fisher, the actual knowledge of the individuals listed
on Section 8.3(h) of the Fisher Disclosure Schedule and, with respect to
Thermo Electron, the actual knowledge of the individuals listed on Section
8.3(h) of the Thermo Electron Disclosure Schedule;   (i) "Material Adverse
Effect" means, when used with respect to Thermo Electron or Fisher and their
respective Subsidiaries, any change, event, violation, inaccuracy,
circumstance or effect (any such item, an "Effect") that, individually or
when taken together with all other Effects that have occurred prior to the
date of determination of the occurrence of the Material Adverse Effect, is or
is reasonably expected (i) to be materially adverse to the business, assets
(including intangible assets), liabilities, capitalization, condition
(financial or otherwise) or results of operations of such party and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) to impair in any material respect the
ability of such party to perform its obligations under this Agreement
or prevent or materially delay the consummation by such party of any of
the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that, in no event
shall any of the following, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute,
nor shall any of the following be taken into account in determining whether
there has been or will be a Material Adverse Effect on any party and such
party\'s respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole: (A) events or
circumstances generally affecting the industry in which Thermo Electron and
Fisher operate, and which do not have a materially disproportionate effect on
Thermo Electron or Fisher, as the case may be, (B) U.S. or global economic
conditions, or (C) the execution, delivery, announcement or performance of
this Agreement or the consummation of any transaction contemplated hereby or
(D) changes in Applicable Laws or GAAP;   (j) "Multiemployer Plan" means a
"multiemployer pension plan," as that term is defined in Section 3(37) of
ERISA;   -82-    (k) "Permitted Liens" means (i) mechanics\', carriers\',
workers\' or repairmen\'s liens arising in the ordinary course of business
and securing payments or obligations that are not delinquent, (ii) Liens for
Taxes, assessments and other similar governmental charges which are not due
and payable and (iii) Liens that arise under zoning, land use and other
similar laws and other imperfections of title or encumbrances, if any, which
do not materially affect the marketability of the property subject thereto
and do not materially impair the use of the property subject thereto as
presently used;   (l) "Person" means an individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust,
unincorporated organization or other entity;   (m) a "Subsidiary" of any
Person means another Person, an amount of the voting securities, other voting
ownership or voting partnership interests of which is sufficient to elect at
least a majority of its Board of Directors or other governing body is (or, if
there are no such voting interests, more than 50% of the equity interests of
which are) owned directly or indirectly by such first Person.   SECTION
8.4. Terms Defined Elsewhere. The following terms are defined elsewhere in
this Agreement, as indicated below:  Term Section ----
-------  Agreement....................................................
Preamble Alternative Transaction Proposal.............................
4.2(a) Applicable Laws..............................................
3.1(g)(ii) Approval.....................................................
3.1(i)(ii) Benefit Plans................................................
3.1(i)(i) CDA..........................................................
4.2(a) Certificate of Merger........................................
1.3 Certificates.................................................
2.2(b) Charter Amendment............................................
3.2(c)(i) Closing......................................................
1.2 Closing Date.................................................
1.2 Code.........................................................
Recitals Continuing Fisher Directors..................................
1.8 Continuing Thermo Electron Directors.........................
1.8 DGCL.........................................................
Recitals ECMR.........................................................
3.1(c)(v)(A) Effect.......................................................
8.3(i) Effective Time...............................................
1.3 ERISA........................................................
3.1(i)(i) ERISA Affiliate..............................................
3.1(i)(v)   -83-   Exchange
Act................................................. 3.1(c)(v)(B)(2) Exchange
Agent............................................... 2.2(a) Exchange
Fund................................................ 2.2(a) Exchange
Ratio...............................................
2.1(a) FDA..........................................................
3.1(g)(i) FDCA.........................................................
3.1(g)(i) Fisher.......................................................
Preamble Fisher Balance Sheet.........................................
3.1(d)(iv) Fisher Benefit Plans.........................................
3.1(i)(i) Fisher By-Laws...............................................
3.1(a)(ii) Fisher Charter...............................................
3.1(a)(ii) Fisher Common Stock..........................................
2.1 Fisher Convertible Debentures................................
3.1(b)(i) Fisher Deferred Compensation Plans...........................
3.1(b)(i) Fisher Disclosure Schedule...................................
3.1 Fisher Employees.............................................
5.11(c) Fisher Executive Agreement...................................
5.11(e) Fisher Foreign Plan..........................................
3.1(i)(ix) Fisher Leased Real Property..................................
3.1(s) Fisher Material Contract.....................................
3.1(r)(i) Fisher Material Subsidiaries.................................
3.1(a)(iii) Fisher Option................................................
2.1(c) Fisher Organizational Documents..............................
3.1(a)(ii) Fisher Owned Real Property...................................
3.1(s) Fisher Permits...............................................
3.1(g)(i) Fisher Preferred Stock.......................................
3.1(b)(i) Fisher Purchase Plan.........................................
2.1(d) Fisher Rights Agreement......................................
4.1(a)(i) Fisher SEC Documents.........................................
3.1(d)(i) Fisher Stockholder Approval..................................
Recitals Fisher Stockholders\' Meeting.................................
5.1(b) Fisher Stock Plans...........................................
3.1(b)(i) Fisher Stock Unit Awards.....................................
2.1(d) Fisher Subsidiary Organizational Documents...................
3.1(a)(ii) Fisher Termination Fee.......................................
7.2(c) Fisher\'s Counsel.............................................
6.2(e) Form S-4.....................................................
3.1(e)   -84-   Funded Retirement
Plan.......................................
3.1(i)(v) GAAP.........................................................
3.1(d)(iii) Goldman......................................................
3.1(p) Governmental Entity..........................................
3.1(c)(v) HSR Act......................................................
3.1(c)(v)(A) Indemnified Parties..........................................
5.5(a) IRS..........................................................
3.1(i)(i) Joint Proxy Statement........................................
3.1(c)(v)(B)(1) Lazard.......................................................
3.1(p) Lehman Brothers..............................................
3.2(p) Liens........................................................
3.1(a)(iii) Merger.......................................................
Recitals Merger Consideration.........................................
2.1(a) Merger Sub...................................................
Preamble NLRB.........................................................
3.1(h)(ii)(C) NYSE.........................................................
2.1(d) Outside Date.................................................
7.1(b)(i) Recommendations..............................................
Recitals Representatives..............................................
4.2(a) Represented Employee.........................................
5.12 Rothschild, Inc..............................................
3.2(p) Rule 145 Affiliates..........................................
5.13 SEC..........................................................
3.1(c)(v)(B) Securities Act...............................................
3.1(d)(i) SOX..........................................................
3.1(d)(i) Stock Issuance...............................................
3.2(c)(i) Surviving Corporation........................................
1.1 Tax Authority................................................
3.1(j)(xi) Tax Return...................................................
3.1(j)(xi) Taxes........................................................
3.1(j)(xi) Thermo Electron..............................................
Preamble Thermo Electron Balance Sheet................................
3.2(d)(iv) Thermo Electron Benefit Plans................................
3.2(i)(i) Thermo Electron By-Laws......................................
3.2(a)(ii) Thermo Electron Charter......................................
3.2(a)(ii) Thermo Electron Common Stock.................................
2.1(a) Thermo Electron Convertible Debentures.......................
3.2(b)(i)(D)   -85-   Thermo Electron Disclosure
Schedule.......................... 3.2 Thermo Electron Foreign
Plan................................. 3.2(i)(ix) Thermo Electron Leased Real
Property......................... 3.2(s) Thermo Electron Material
Contract............................ 3.2(r)(i) Thermo Electron Material
Subsidiaries........................ 3.2(a)(iii) Thermo Electron
Options...................................... 3.2(b)(i)(E) Thermo Electron
Organizational Documents..................... 3.2(a)(ii) Thermo Electron
Owned Real Property.......................... 3.2(s) Thermo Electron
Permits...................................... 3.2(g)(i) Thermo Electron
Preferred Stock.............................. 3.2(b)(i) Thermo Electron
Purchase Plan................................ 3.2(b)(ii) Thermo Electron
Restricted Stock............................. 3.2(b)(i)(A) Thermo Electron
Restricted Stock Units....................... 3.2(b)(i)(E) Thermo Electron
Rights Agreement............................. 4.1(a)(ii) Thermo Electron SEC
Documents................................ 3.2(d)(i) Thermo Electron Stock
Plans.................................. 3.2(b)(i)(A) Thermo Electron
Stockholder Approval......................... Recitals Thermo Electron
Stockholders\' Meeting........................ 5.1(b) Thermo Electron
Subsidiary Organizational Documents.......... 3.2(a)(ii) Thermo Electron
Termination Fee.............................. 7.2(b) Thermo Electron\'s
Counsel.................................... 6.3(e) Voting
Debt.................................................. 3.1(b)(iii) WARN
Act..................................................... 3.1(h)(i)   SECTION
8.5. Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to an
Article, Section or Exhibit, such reference shall be to an Article or Section
of, or an Exhibit to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Whenever the
words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they
shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." The words
"hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in
this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in this Agreement
shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or
other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined
therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the
singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as
well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement,
instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or
instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or
statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in
the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case
of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to
all attachments thereto   -86-   and instruments incorporated therein.
References to a Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.  
SECTION 8.6. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each
of the parties and delivered to the other parties.   SECTION 8.7. Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the CDA
and the documents and instruments referred to herein) (a) constitutes the
entire agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter
of this Agreement and neither party is relying on any other oral or written
representation, agreement or understanding and (b) except for the provisions
of Section 5.5 (which are intended to benefit the Indemnified Parties,
including Indemnified Parties who or which are not parties hereto), is not
intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties any rights or
remedies.   SECTION 8.8. Governing Law. This Agreement and any disputes
arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, regardless
of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of
conflict of laws thereof, except to the extent that the DGCL applies to the
Merger or the Delaware General Corporation Law applies to the Charter
Amendment.   SECTION 8.9. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in
whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by either of the parties
hereto without the prior written consent of the other party. Any assignment
in violation of the preceding sentence shall be void. Subject to the
preceding two sentences, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective
successors and assigns.   SECTION 8.10. Consent to Jurisdiction. Each of the
parties hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of
any federal court located in the State of New York or any New York state
court in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not
attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other
request for leave from any such court, and (c) agrees that it will not bring
any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement in any court other than a federal court sitting in the
State of New York or a New York state court.   SECTION 8.11. Headings, etc.
The headings and table of contents contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.   SECTION 8.12. Severability. If any term
or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect, insofar as the foregoing can be accomplished without materially
affecting the economic benefits   -87-   anticipated by the parties to
this Agreement. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original
intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Laws in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.   SECTION 8.13.
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay on
the part of any party hereto in the exercise of any right hereunder shall
impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of, or acquiescence in, any
breach of any representation, warranty or agreement herein, nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right. All rights and remedies
existing under this Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any
rights or remedies otherwise available.   SECTION 8.14. Waiver of Jury
Trial. EACH OF THERMO ELECTRON, MERGER SUB AND FISHER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF
THERMO ELECTRON, MERGER SUB OR FISHER IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION,
PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT.   SECTION 8.15. Specific
Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur and that
the parties would not have any adequate remedy at law in the event that any
of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with
their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed
that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions of this Agreement in any federal court located in the State of New
York or in New York state court, this being in addition to any other remedy
to which they are entitled at law or in equity.   [Remainder of Page
Intentionally Left Blank.]      -88-     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Fisher,
Thermo Electron and Merger Sub have caused this Agreement to be executed
under seal by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of
the date first written above.   FISHER SCIENTIFIC INTERNATIONAL INC.   
By: /s/ Paul M. Meister  ------------------------------  Name: Paul M.
Meister  Title: Vice Chairman    THERMO ELECTRON CORPORATION    By: /s/
Marijn E. Dekkers  ------------------------------  Name: Marijn E. Dekkers 
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer    TRUMPET MERGER
CORPORATION    By: /s/ Seth H. Hoogasian  ------------------------------ 
Name: Seth H. Hoogasian  Title: President   '

