 EXHIBIT 2.1     EXHIBIT 2.1   AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER  BY AND AMONG  JOMED N.V.  JOMED ACQUISITION CORP.  AND 
ENDOSONICS CORPORATION  DATED AS OF  AUGUST 5, 2000   TABLE OF
CONTENTS     PAGE  --------  ~~   ARTICLE
I  DEFINITIONS....................................................................
2  Section 1.1 DEFINITIONS.................................................
2   ARTICLE II  THE
OFFER......................................................................
9  Section 2.1 THE OFFER...................................................
9  Section 2.2 COMPANY ACTION..............................................
11  Section 2.3 DIRECTORS...................................................
12  Section 2.4 MERGER WITHOUT MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS......................
13   ARTICLE III  THE MERGER AND RELATED
MATTERS................................................. 14  Section 3.1 THE
MERGER.................................................. 14  Section 3.2
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION... 14  Section 3.3
BY-LAWS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION........................ 14  Section 3.4
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION......... 14  Section 3.5
CLOSING..................................................... 15   ARTICLE
IV  CONVERSION OF
SECURITIES....................................................... 15  Section
4.1 CONVERSION OF CAPITAL STOCK................................. 15  Section
4.2 EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.................................... 16  Section
4.3 DISSENTERS\' RIGHTS.......................................... 17  Section
4.4 LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES...................... 18  Section
4.5 COMPANY STOCK PLANS.........................................
18        PAGE  --------  ~~   ARTICLE V  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.................................. 19  Section 5.1
DUE ORGANIZATION, GOOD STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER......... 20  Section 5.2
AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT..................... 20  Section 5.3
CAPITALIZATION.............................................. 21  Section 5.4
CONSENTS AND APPROVALS; NO VIOLATIONS....................... 22  Section 5.5
COMPANY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.................... 23  Section 5.6
INFORMATION TO BE SUPPLIED.................................. 24  Section 5.7
ABSENCE OF CERTAIN EVENTS................................... 24  Section 5.8
LITIGATION.................................................. 25  Section 5.9
TITLE TO PROPERTIES; ENCUMBRANCES........................... 25  Section 5.10
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS........................................ 25  Section 5.11
COMPANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.............................. 28  Section 5.12
[Intentionally Left Blank.]................................. 31  Section 5.13
TAXES....................................................... 31  Section 5.14
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY....................................... 33  Section 5.15
BROKER\'S OR FINDER\'S FEE.................................... 34  Section
5.16 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS....................................... 34  Section
5.17 STATE TAKEOVER STATUTES..................................... 36  Section
5.18 VOTING REQUIREMENTS; BOARD APPROVAL......................... 36  Section
5.19 OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR................................ 37  Section
5.20 CONTRACTS................................................... 37  Section
5.21 PRODUCTS LIABILITY.......................................... 37  
ARTICLE VI  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND
PURCHASER......................... 38  Section 6.1 DUE ORGANIZATION, GOOD
STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER......... 38  Section 6.2 AUTHORIZATION AND
VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT..................... 38  Section 6.3 CONSENTS AND
APPROVALS; NO VIOLATIONS....................... 38  Section 6.4 INFORMATION
TO BE SUPPLIED.................................. 39  Section 6.5 BROKER\'S OR
FINDER\'S FEE.................................... 40  Section 6.6 OWNERSHIP
OF CAPITAL STOCK.................................. 40  Section 6.7 NO PRIOR
ACTIVITIES......................................... 40  Section 6.8
FINANCING................................................... 40       
PAGE  --------  ~~   ARTICLE VII  COVENANTS PRIOR TO CLOSING
DATE................................................ 41  Section 7.1 ACCESS
TO INFORMATION CONCERNING PROPERTIES AND RECORDS..... 41  Section 7.2
CONFIDENTIALITY............................................. 42  Section 7.3
CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY PENDING THE CLOSING 
DATE...................................................... 42  Section 7.4
COMPANY SHAREHOLDER MEETING; PREPARATION OF PROXY 
STATEMENT................................................. 46  Section 7.5
REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS; NOTIFICATION; INFORMATION AGENT.... 47  Section 7.6
NO SOLICITATION............................................. 48  Section 7.7
ANTITRUST LAWS.............................................. 51  Section 7.8
INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS\' AND OFFICERS\' INSURANCE......... 52  Section
7.9 PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS........................................ 52  Section
7.10 TRANSFER TAXES.............................................. 52  Section
7.11 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS........................................... 53  Section
7.12 OPTION TO ACQUIRE ADDITIONAL SHARES......................... 53  Section
7.13 ACTIONS REGARDING THE RIGHTS................................ 54  Section
7.14 PARENT APPROVAL OF INCREASE TO AUTHORIZED CAPITAL........... 54  
ARTICLE VIII  CONDITIONS TO THE
MERGER....................................................... 54  Section 8.1
CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY..................... 54  Section 8.2
CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND PURCHASER....... 55  Section 8.3
CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY................ 55   ARTICLE
IX  TERMINATION AND
ABANDONMENT.................................................... 55  Section
9.1 TERMINATION................................................. 55  Section
9.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION....................................... 57  Section
9.3 PAYMENT OF CERTAIN FEES.....................................
57        PAGE  --------  ~~   ARTICLE
X  MISCELLANEOUS..................................................................
59  Section 10.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES..............................
59  Section 10.2 EXTENSION; WAIVER...........................................
59  Section 10.3 NOTICES.....................................................
59  Section 10.4 ENTIRE AGREEMENT............................................
60  Section 10.5 BINDING EFFECT; BENEFIT; ASSIGNMENT.........................
60  Section 10.6 AMENDMENT AND MODIFICATION..................................
61  Section 10.7 FURTHER ACTIONS.............................................
61  Section 10.8 HEADINGS....................................................
61  Section 10.9 ENFORCEMENT.................................................
61  Section 10.10
COUNTERPARTS................................................ 62  Section
10.11 APPLICABLE LAW.............................................. 62 
Section 10.12 SEVERABILITY................................................
62  Section 10.13 WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL........................................ 62  Section 10.14 PARENT
GUARANTEE............................................ 62    AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   A G R E E M E N T AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of August 5,
2000 (this "AGREEMENT"), by and among JOMED N.V., a company organized under
the laws of The Netherlands ("PARENT"), JOMED ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware
corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("PURCHASER"), and
ENDOSONICS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY").   WHEREAS,
the Boards of Directors of Parent and the Company each have determined that
it is advisable and in the best interests of each corporation and their
respective shareholders to consummate the acquisition of the Company by
Parent, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;  
WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof, it is proposed that Purchaser make a
cash tender offer to acquire any and all shares of the issued and outstanding
common stock, U.S.$.001 par value, of the Company (the "COMPANY COMMON
STOCK"), including the related Rights (as hereinafter defined), for
U.S.$11.00 per share, net to the seller in cash; and   WHEREAS, also in
furtherance of such acquisition, the Boards of Directors of each of Parent,
Purchaser and the Company have approved this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the merger of Purchaser with and into the
Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation following the Offer
(as hereinafter defined).   NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements
herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS   Section 1.1 DEFINITIONS. When used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the respective meanings specified therefor below
(such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms
of the terms defined).   "ACTIVITIES TO DATE" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.10(c).   "ACQUISITION AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 7.6(b).   2   "AFFILIATE" of any Person shall mean
any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with, such Person; PROVIDED that, for the purposes of this
definition, "control" (including with correlative meanings, the terms
"controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used with respect to any
Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities or partnership interests,
by contract or otherwise.   "AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in
the preamble hereto.   "ANTITRUST AUTHORITIES" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 7.7(d).   "ANTITRUST LAW" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7.7(d).   "ACQUIRING PERSON" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.17(b).   "BUSINESS DAY" means a day other than a Saturday, a
Sunday or a day on which banks in New York, New York are permitted or
required to close.   "CAPITAL BUDGET" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.3(b)(5).   "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1(b).   "CERTIFICATES" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4.2(b).   "CLOSING" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3.5.   "CLOSING DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.  
"CODE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.11(b).   "COMPANY"
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.   "COMPANY BENEFIT
PLANS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.11(a).   "COMPANY
COMMON STOCK" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.  
"COMPANY DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" shall have the meaning set forth in Article
V.   3   "COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" shall mean any event, change,
occurrence, effect, fact or circumstance that is materially adverse to (i)
the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the business,
assets, liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that none
of the following shall be deemed in themselves, either alone or in
combination, to constitute, and none of the following shall be taken into
account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Company Material
Adverse Effect: (a) any change in the market price or trading volume of the
Company\'s stock after the date hereof; (b) any failure by the Company to
meet internal projections or forecasts or published revenue or earnings
predictions for any period ending (or for which revenues or earnings are
released) on or after the date of this Agreement; (c) any adverse change,
effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development to the extent
attributable to the announcement or pendency of the Offer or the Merger
(including any cancellations of or delays in customer orders, any reduction
in sales, any disruption in supplier, distributor, partner or
similar relationships or any loss of employees); (d) any adverse change,
effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development related to any
action or inaction by Parent or Purchaser (including any cancellations of or
delays in customer orders, any reduction in sales, any disruption in
supplier, distributor, partner or similar relationships or any loss of
employees); (e) any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts
or development attributable to conditions affecting the industries in which
the Company participates, the U.S. economy as a whole or foreign economies in
any locations where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has material
operations or sales; (f) any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state
of facts or development attributable or relating to (i) out-of-pocket fees
and expenses (including legal, accounting, investment banking and other fees
and expenses) incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, or (ii) as a result of the Company\'s entry into, and as
permitted by, this Agreement, the payment of any amounts due to, or the
provision of any other benefits (including benefits relating to acceleration
of stock options) to, any officers or employees under employment contracts,
non-competition agreements, employee benefit plans, severance arrangements or
other arrangements in existence as of the date of this Agreement; or (g) any
adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development
resulting from or relating to compliance with the terms of, or the taking of
any action required by, or the failure to take any action prohibited by, this
Agreement.   "COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 5.3(a).   "COMPANY PRODUCTS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.10(c).   "COMPANY RECOMMENDATION" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7.4.   4   "COMPANY SEC REPORTS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.5(a).   "COMPANY SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL" shall mean the
approval of not less than a majority of the vote of all outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock (voting as one class, with each share having one vote)
of this Agreement and the Merger at the Company Shareholder Meeting.  
"COMPANY SHAREHOLDER MEETING" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
7.4.   "COMPANY STOCK PLANS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.5(c).   "CONTRACTS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.  
"DEFECT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.21.   "DGCL" shall
mean the Delaware General Corporation Law, as currently in effect and amended
from time to time.   "DISSENTING SHAREHOLDERS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.1(c).   "DISTRIBUTION DATE" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.17(b).   "EFFECTIVE TIME" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1(b).   "ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIMS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.16(b).   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.16(b).   "ERISA" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.11(a).   "ERISA AFFILIATE" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.11(a).   "EUROPEAN ANTITRUST LAWS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.4.   "EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.   "EXPENSES" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.3(b).   "FDA" shall mean the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration.   5   "FULLY DILUTED BASIS" with respect to any Person,
shall mean all outstanding securities entitled generally to vote in the
election of directors of such Person on a fully diluted basis, after giving
effect to the exercise or conversion of all options, rights and securities
exercisable for or convertible into such voting securities.   "GAAP" shall
mean generally accepted accounting principles of the United States of
America, as in effect from time to time.   "GLOBAL COORDINATOR" shall mean
Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe) Limited, the Global Coordinator for the
Parent Equity Offering.   "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5.4.   "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.16(b).   "HSR ACT" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.4.   "INDEMNIFIED PARTIES" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.8(a).   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.14(a).   "ISSUANCE OBLIGATION" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5.3(a).   "LAWS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.4.   "LICENSES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.10(c).   "LIENS" shall mean any and all security interests, liens, claims,
pledges, options, rights of first refusal, agreements, charges or other
encumbrances of any nature or any other limitation or restriction (including
any restriction on the right to vote or sell the same, except as may be
provided under applicable Federal or state securities laws).   "MATERIAL
CONTRACTS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.20.   "MERGER"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).   "MERGER CONSIDERATION"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(c).   "MINIMUM CONDITION"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).   6   "OFFER" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).   "OFFER DOCUMENTS" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).   "OFFER PRICE" shall the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a).   "OFFER TO PURCHASE" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a).   "OPTION" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.12(a).   "OPTION SHARES" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.12(a).   "ORDERS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.4.   "PARENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.  
"PARENT DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" shall have the meaning set forth in Article
VI.   "PARENT EQUITY OFFERING" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
6.3.   "PARENT MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" shall mean any event, change,
occurrence, effect, fact or circumstance that is materially adverse to (i)
the ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the business, assets,
liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of Parent and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   "PARENT ORDINARY SHARES" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.3.   "PAYING AGENT" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 4.2(a).   "PBGC" shall mean the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation.   "PERMITS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.10(b).   "PERSON" shall mean and include an individual, a
partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated
organization, a limited liability company, a group and a government or other
department or agency thereof.   "PRODUCT" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 5.21.   7   "PROXY STATEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7.4.   "PURCHASE AGREEMENT" shall mean the agreement to be
entered into between the Parent and the Global Coordinator acting on behalf
of the several Managers named therein relating to the purchase of Parent
Ordinary Shares in the Parent Equity Offering, substantially in the form
attached to the commitment letter referred to in Section 6.8.   "PURCHASER"
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.   "PURCHASER
BENEFIT PLANS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.11.  
"PURCHASER COMMON STOCK" shall mean Purchaser\'s common stock, par
value U.S.$.01 per share.   "REGISTRATIONS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.10(h).   "RELEASES" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.16(b).   "RETURNS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.13(a).   "RIGHTS" means the preferred share purchase rights issued by the
Company pursuant to the Rights Agreement.   "RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the
Preferred Shares Rights Agreement, dated October 20, 1998, between the
Company and ChaseMellon Shareholders Services, L.L.C.   "SCHEDULE 14D-9"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).   "SCHEDULE TO" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).   "SEC" shall mean the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission.   "SECRETARY OF STATE" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b).   "SECURITIES ACT" shall mean the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   "STOCK OPTIONS" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 4.5(a).   "STOCK OPTION PLANS" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 4.5(a).   8   "SUBSIDIARY" with respect to a Person
shall mean (x) any partnership of which such Person or any of its
Subsidiaries is a general partner or (y) any other entity in which such
Person or any of its Subsidiaries owns or has the power to vote more than 50%
of the equity interests in such entity having general voting power to
participate in the election of the governing body of such entity.  
"SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(a).  
"SURVIVING CORPORATION" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(a).   "TAKEOVER PROPOSAL" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
7.6(a).   "TAXES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.13(a).  
"TERMINATION DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(d)(1).  
"TERMINATION FEE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(a).  
"THIRD PARTY ACQUISITION EVENT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
9.3(b).   "TRANSFER TAXES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
7.10.   "U.S. $" shall mean United States dollars.   "VOTING DEBT" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a).   "WARN ACT" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.22.   ARTICLE II  THE OFFER   Section 2.1
THE OFFER. (a) Provided that this Agreement shall not have been terminated
pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, following the public announcement of the
terms of this Agreement (which public announcement shall occur no later than
the first Business Day following the execution of this Agreement), not later
than August 21, 2000, Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause Purchaser to,
commence (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange Act) a tender
offer (the "OFFER") to purchase any and all of the shares of Company  
9  Common Stock outstanding (including the related Rights) at a price of
U.S.$11.00 per share, net to the seller in cash (such price, or such higher
price pershare of Company Common Stock as may be paid in the Offer, being
referred to herein as the "OFFER PRICE"). The Offer shall be subject to the
condition that there shall be validly tendered in accordance with the terms
of the Offer, prior to the expiration date of the Offer and not withdrawn, a
number of shares of Company Common Stock that, together with the shares of
Company Common Stock then owned by Parent and/or Purchaser, represents at
least a majority of the shares of Company Common Stock outstanding on a
fully-diluted basis (the "MINIMUM CONDITION") and to the other conditions set
forth in Annex I hereto. The Offer shall be made by means of an offer to
purchase (the "OFFER TO PURCHASE") and the related letter of transmittal,
each in form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, containing the terms set
forth in this Agreement and the conditions set forth in Annex I.  
Purchaser expressly reserves the right, subject to compliance with
the Exchange Act, to waive any of the conditions to the Offer and to make any
change in the terms of or conditions to the Offer; PROVIDED that (i) the
Minimum Condition may be waived only with the prior written consent of the
Company and (ii) no change may be made that changes the form of consideration
to be paid, decreases the Offer Price, decreases the number of shares of
Company Common Stock sought in the Offer, adds to or modifies, in a manner
adverse to the stockholders of the Company, the conditions to the Offer set
forth in Annex I, or (except as provided in the next sentence) changes the
expiration date of the Offer, without the prior written consent of the
Company. Without the consent of the Company, Purchaser shall have the right
to extend the expiration date of the Offer (which shall initially be 20
Business Days from the commencement date of the Offer), (i) for up to five
additional Business Days, (ii) from time to time thereafter if, at the
scheduled or extended expiration date of the Offer, any of the conditions to
the Offer shall not have been satisfied or waived, until such conditions are
satisfied or waived, (iii) for any period required by any rule, regulation,
interpretation or position of the SEC or the staff thereof applicable to the
Offer or any period required by applicable law, or (iv) for up to 10
additional Business Days, if, immediately prior to the scheduled or extended
expiration date of the Offer, the Company Common Stock tendered and
not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer constitute more than 80% and less than
90% of the outstanding Company Common Stock, notwithstanding that all
conditions to the Offer are satisfied as of such expiration date of the
Offer.   If any of the conditions to the Offer is not satisfied or waived on
any scheduled or extended expiration date of the Offer, Purchaser shall, and
Parent shall cause Purchaser to, extend the Offer, if such condition or
conditions could reasonably be expected to be satisfied, from time to time
until such conditions are satisfied or waived; PROVIDED that Purchaser shall
not be required to extend the Offer beyond November 15, 2000. Subject to the
foregoing and upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer,
Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause it to,   10  accept for payment
and pay for, as promptly as practicable after the expiration of the Offer,
all shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered and not withdrawn
pursuant to the Offer.   (b) As soon as practicable on the date of
commencement of the Offer, Parent and Purchaser shall file with the SEC a
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (the "SCHEDULE TO") with respect to the
Offer (such Schedule TO and such documents included therein pursuant to which
the Offer will be made, including the Offer to Purchase and the related
letter of transmittal, together with any supplements or amendments thereto,
the "OFFER DOCUMENTS"). Parent, Purchaser and the Company each agrees
promptly to correct any information provided by it for use in the Offer
Documents if and to the extent that such information shall have become false
or misleading in any material respect. Parent and Purchaser agree to take all
steps necessary to cause the Schedule TO as so corrected to be filed with the
SEC and the other Offer Documents as so corrected to be disseminated
to holders of shares of Company Common Stock, in each case as and to the
extent required by applicable federal securities laws. The Company and its
counsel shall be given an opportunity to review and comment on the Offer
Documents prior to their being filed with the SEC or disseminated to the
holders of shares of Company Common Stock. The Purchaser also agrees to
provide the Company and its counsel in writing with any comments the
Purchaser and its counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect
to the Offer Documents promptly after the receipt of such comments and shall
provide the Company and its counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment on the response of the Purchaser to such comments.   Section 2.2
COMPANY ACTION. (a) The Company hereby approves of and consents to the Offer
and represents that its Board of Directors, at a meeting duly called and
held, has (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are advisable and
are fair to and in the best interests of the Company\'s stockholders, (ii)
approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Offer and the Merger, in accordance with the requirements of
the DGCL and (iii) resolved to recommend acceptance of the Offer and approval
and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by its stockholders. The
Company further represents that U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc. has delivered
to the Company\'s Board of Directors its written opinion that
the consideration to be paid in the Offer and the Merger is fair to the
holders of shares of Company Common Stock (other than Parent, Purchaser or
their Affiliates) from a financial point of view. The Company has been
advised that all of its directors and executive officers who own shares of
Company Common Stock intend either to tender their shares of Company Common
Stock pursuant to the Offer or to vote in favor of the Merger. The Company
will promptly furnish Parent with a list of its stockholders, mailing labels
and any available listing or computer file containing the names and addresses
of all record holders of shares of Company Common Stock and lists of
securities positions of shares of Company Common Stock held in stock
depositories, in each case true and   11  correct as of the most recent
practicable date, and will provide to Parent such additional information
(including updated lists of stockholders, mailing labels and lists of
securities positions) and such other assistance as Parent may reasonably
request in connection with the Offer.   (b) As soon as practicable on the
day that the Offer is commenced, the Company shall file with the SEC and
disseminate to holders of shares of Company Common Stock, in each case as and
to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws, a
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, the "SCHEDULE 14D-9") that shall reflect
the recommendations of the Company\'s Board of Directors referred to above.
The Company, Parent and Purchaser each agree promptly to correct
any information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the
extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect.
The Company agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as
so corrected to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to holders of
shares of Company Common Stock, in each case as and to the extent required
by applicable federal securities laws. Parent and its counsel shall be given
an opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 prior to its being
filed with the SEC. The Company also agrees to provide Parent and its counsel
in writing with any comments the Company or its counsel may receive from the
SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after the
receipt of such comments and shall provide Parent and its counsel a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the response of the Company
to such comments.   Section 2.3 DIRECTORS. (a) Promptly upon the purchase of
and payment for not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Offer,
Parent shall be entitled to designate for appointment or election to the
Company\'s Board of Directors, upon written notice to the Company, such
number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Board of
Directors such that the percentage of its designees on the Board shall equal
the percentage of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock beneficially
owned by Parent and its affiliates. In furtherance thereof, the Company
shall, upon request of the Purchaser, use its best efforts promptly to cause
Parent\'s designees to be so elected to the Company\'s Board, and in
furtherance thereof, to the extent necessary, increase the size of the Board
of Directors or use its best efforts to obtain the resignation of such number
of its current directors as is necessary to give effect to the foregoing
provision. At such time, the Company shall also, upon the request of
Purchaser, use its best efforts to cause Persons designated by Parent to
constitute at least the same percentage (rounded up to the next whole number)
as is on the Company\'s Board of Directors of (i) each committee of
the Company\'s Board of Directors, (ii) each board of directors (or similar
body) of each Subsidiary of the Company and (iii) each committee (or similar
body) of each such board.   12  Notwithstanding the foregoing, until the
Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Company shall have at least
three directors who are directors of the Company on the date of this
Agreement (the "CONTINUING DIRECTORS"). The Company shall promptly take all
actions required pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1
promulgated thereunder in order to fulfill its obligations under this Section
2.3(a), including mailing to stockholders the information required by such
Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 (or, at Parent\'s request, furnishing such
information to Parent for inclusion in the Offer Documents initially filed
with the SEC and distributed to the stockholders of the Company) as is
necessary to enable Parent\'s designees to be elected to the Company\'s Board
of Directors. The Company\'s obligations to appoint Parent\'s designees to
the Company\'s Board of Directors shall be subject to Section 14(f) of the
Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder. Parent or Purchaser shall
supply the Company in writing, and be solely responsible for, any information
with respect to either of them and their nominees, officers, directors and
Affiliates required by such Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 as is necessary in
connection with the appointment of any of Parent\'s designees under this
Section 2.3(a). The provisions of this Section 2.3(a) are in addition to and
shall not limit any rights which Purchaser, Parent or any of their Affiliates
may have as a holder or beneficial owner of shares of Company Common Stock as
a matter of law with respect to the election of directors or otherwise.  
(b) Following the election or appointment of Parent\'s designees pursuant
to Section 2.3(a), the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors
shall be required to authorize (and such authorization shall constitute the
authorization of the Company\'s Board of Directors and no other action on the
part of the Company, including any action by any committee thereof or any
other director of the Company, shall be required or permitted to authorize)
(i) any termination of this Agreement by the Company, (ii) any amendment of
this Agreement requiring action by the Company\'s Board of Directors, (iii)
any extension of time for performance of any obligation or action hereunder
by Parent or Purchaser or (iv) any waiver of compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein for the benefit of the Company;
PROVIDED that if there shall be no such Continuing Directors, such actions
may be effected by majority vote of the entire Board of Directors of the
Company.   Section 2.4 MERGER WITHOUT MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS. In the event
that Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries shall acquire at least 90% of
the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer or
otherwise, each of the parties hereto shall take all necessary and
appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as
practicable (and in any event not more than five Business Days) after such
acquisition, without the Company Shareholder Meeting, in accordance with
Section 253 of the DGCL.   13   ARTICLE III  THE MERGER AND RELATED
MATTERS   Section 3.1 THE MERGER. (a) Subject to the terms and upon the
conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time the Company and Purchaser
shall consummate a merger (the "MERGER") pursuant to which (a) Purchaser
shall be merged with and into the Company and the separate corporate
existence of Purchaser shall thereupon cease and (b) the Company shall be the
surviving corporation in the Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the
"SURVIVING CORPORATION") and shall continue to be governed by the Laws of the
State of Delaware.   (b) Parent, Purchaser and the Company shall cause a
Certificate of Merger, or, if applicable in the event that Purchaser acquires
at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, a Certificate
of Ownership and Merger (as applicable, the "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER"), to be
executed and filed on the date of the Closing (or on such other date as
Parent and the Company may agree) with the Secretary of State of Delaware
(the "SECRETARY OF STATE") as provided in the DGCL. The Merger shall become
effective on the date on which the Certificate of Merger has been duly filed
with the Secretary of State or such time as is agreed upon by the parties and
specified in the Certificate of Merger, and such time is hereinafter referred
to as the "EFFECTIVE TIME."   (c) From and after the Effective Time, the
Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement and in the
DGCL.   Section 3.2 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE SURVIVING
CORPORATION. The Certificate of Incorporation of Purchaser, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 3.3 BY-LAWS OF THE
SURVIVING CORPORATION. The By-Laws of Purchaser, as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving
Corporation.   Section 3.4 DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING
CORPORATION. At the Effective Time, the directors of Purchaser immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving
Corporation, each of such directors to hold office, subject to the applicable
provisions of the DGCL and the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of
the Surviving Corporation, until the next annual stockholders\' meeting of
the Surviving Corporation and until their respective successors shall be duly
elected or appointed and qualified. At the Effective Time, the officers of
the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, subject to the  
14  applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of
the Surviving Corporation, be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until
their respective successors shall be duly elected or appointed and
qualified.   Section 3.5 CLOSING. The closing of the Merger (the "CLOSING")
shall take place at 10:00 a.m., local time, on the later to occur of (a) the
day of (and immediately following) the receipt of approval of the Merger by
the Company\'s stockholders, or as soon as practicable (and in any event not
more than five Business Days) after expiration of the Offer if such approval
is not required and (b) a date to be specified by the parties, which shall be
no later than the second business day after satisfaction or waiver of all of
the conditions set forth in Article VIII hereof (the "CLOSING DATE"), at the
offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom, Four Times Square, New York,
New York, unless another date or place is agreed to in writing by the parties
hereto.   ARTICLE IV  CONVERSION OF SECURITIES   Section 4.1 CONVERSION
OF CAPITAL STOCK. As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holders of any shares of Company Common
Stock or any shares of capital stock of Purchaser:   (a) PURCHASER CAPITAL
STOCK. Each share of capital stock of Purchaser issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become
one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving
Corporation.   (b) CANCELLATION OF TREASURY STOCK AND PURCHASER-OWNED STOCK.
All shares of Company Common Stock that are owned by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company and any shares of Company Common Stock owned by
Purchaser or any Subsidiary of the Purchaser immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist and no
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor; PROVIDED that shares
of Company Common Stock held beneficially or of record by any plan, program
or arrangement sponsored or maintained for the benefit of employees of the
Company or any Subsidiaries thereof shall not be deemed to be held by the
Company regardless of whether the Company has, directly or indirectly, the
power to vote or control the disposition of such shares.   (c) EXCHANGE OF
SHARES OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK. Each share of Company Common Stock (other
than shares to be cancelled in accordance with Section 4.1(b) and any shares
which are held by stockholders exercising appraisal rights pursuant to
Section 262 of the   15  DGCL ("DISSENTING SHAREHOLDERS")) issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
the right to receive the Offer Price in cash, payable to the holder thereof,
without interest (the "MERGER CONSIDERATION"), upon surrender of the
certificate formerly representing such share in the manner provided in
Section 4.2. All such shares, when so converted, shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease
to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such shares shall
cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive
the Merger Consideration therefor upon the surrender of such certificate in
accordance with Section 4.2, without interest, or the right, if any,
to receive payment from the Surviving Corporation of the "fair value" of
such shares of Company Common Stock as determined in accordance with Section
262 of the DGCL.   Section 4.2 EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.   (a) PAYING
AGENT. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall designate a New York City-
based bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as
agent for the holders of shares of Company Common Stock in connection with
the Merger (the "PAYING AGENT") to receive the funds to which holders of such
shares shall become entitled pursuant to Section 4.1(c). Prior to the filing
of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State, Parent
shall deposit with the Paying Agent cash in U.S. dollars in an amount
sufficient to pay the Merger Consideration as provided herein. The Paying
Agent shall invest such funds as directed by the Surviving Corporation on a
daily basis; PROVIDED that no such investment or loss thereon shall affect
the amounts payable to the Company\'s stockholders pursuant to this Article
IV. Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall replace any monies lost
through an investment made pursuant to this Section 4.2. Any interest and
other income resulting from such investments shall be paid promptly to the
Surviving Corporation.   (b) EXCHANGE PROCEDURES. As soon as reasonably
practicable after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent shall mail to each
holder of record of a certificate or certificates, which immediately prior to
the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
(the "CERTIFICATES"), whose shares were converted pursuant to Section 4.1
into the right to receive the Merger Consideration (i) a letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in such form and have such
other provisions as Parent and the Company may reasonably specify) and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for payment of the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a
Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent or to such other agent or
agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter
of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate shall be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration for each
share formerly represented by such Certificate and the Certificate so
surrendered shall   16  forthwith be cancelled. If payment of the Merger
Consideration is to be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name
the surrendered Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition of payment
that the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or shall be
otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the Person requesting such
payment shall have paid any transfer and other Taxes required by reason of
the payment of the Merger Consideration to a Person other than the registered
holder of the Certificate surrendered or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that such tax either has been paid
or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 4.2,
each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to
represent only the right to receive the Merger Consideration in cash as
contemplated by this Section 4.2. The right of any stockholder to receive the
Merger Consideration shall be subject to and reduced by any applicable
withholding Tax obligation.   (c) TRANSFER BOOKS; NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP
RIGHTS IN THE SHARES OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK. At the Effective Time, the
stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and thereafter there
shall be no further registration of transfers of the shares of Company Common
Stock on the records of the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the
holders of Certificates evidencing ownership of the shares of Company Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have
any rights with respect to such shares of Company Common Stock, except as
otherwise provided for herein or by applicable law. If, after the Effective
Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any reason,
they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this Article IV.   (d)
TERMINATION OF FUND; NO LIABILITY. At any time following six months after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to require the
Paying Agent to deliver to it any funds (including any interest received with
respect thereto) which had been made available to the Paying Agent and which
have not been disbursed to holders of Certificates, and thereafter
such holders shall be entitled to look to the Surviving Corporation (subject
to abandoned property, escheat or other similar Laws) only as general
creditors thereof with respect to the Merger Consideration payable upon due
surrender of their Certificates, without any interest thereon.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or
the Paying Agent shall be liable to any holder of a Certificate for Merger
Consideration delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar law.   Section 4.3 DISSENTERS\'
RIGHTS. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any
Dissenting Shareholder shall demand to be paid the "fair value" of such
holder\'s shares of Company Common Stock, as provided in Section 262 of the
DGCL, such shares shall not be converted into or be exchangeable for the
right to receive the Merger Consideration except as provided in this Section
4.3 and the Company shall give Parent notice thereof and Parent shall have
the right to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to
any such   17  demands. Neither the Company nor the Surviving Corporation
shall, except with the prior written consent of Parent, voluntarily make any
payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demand for
payment. If any Dissenting Shareholder shall fail to perfect or shall have
effectively withdrawn or lost the right to dissent, the shares of Company
Common Stock held by such Dissenting Shareholder shall thereupon be treated
as though such shares had been converted into the Merger Consideration
pursuant to Section 4.1.   Section 4.4 LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED
CERTIFICATES. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the
posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as Parent may
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with
respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent shall deliver in exchange for
such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration for each
of the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificate.  
Section 4.5 COMPANY STOCK PLANS. (a) The Company, the Company\'s Board
of Directors and each relevant committee of the Company\'s Board of Directors
shall, effective as of the consummation of the Offer, cause each share of
restricted Company Common Stock, including those subject to mandatory resale
provisions under Dutch law (collectively, "RESTRICTED SHARES"), and each
employee, consultant or director option to purchase shares of Company Common
Stock (collectively, the "STOCK OPTIONS") which is outstanding immediately
prior to the consummation of the Offer under the Company\'s Restated 1988
Stock Option Plan, the Company\'s 1998 Stock Option Plan, and the Company\'s
1999 Nonstatutory Option Plan (including, without limitation, any option
originally granted under the Microsound Corporation 1997 Stock Plan), each as
amended, all other plans and all individual grants of the Company or its
Subsidiaries (the "STOCK OPTION PLANS") to vest all Restricted Shares and to
have all restrictions and mandatory resale provisions lapse (in the case of
the Restricted Shares), and (in the case of the Stock Options), whether or
not then exercisable or vested, to become fully exercisable and vested. For
purposes of each Stock Option Plan in which the defined term "Corporate
Transaction" is used, the Company shall cause the Company\'s Board of
Directors or each relevant committee of the Company\'s Board of Directors
acting as administrator of each such Stock Option Plan to determine prior to
the consummation of the Offer that the consummation of the Offer and the
Merger constitute a single "Corporate Transaction". The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause each Stock Option that is
outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Offer to be
cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash, payable at the consummation of
the Offer, equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject to such Stock Option and (ii) the excess, if any, of the Offer
Price over the per share exercise price of such Stock Option. The Company,
the Company\'s Board of Directors and each relevant committee of the
Company\'s Board of Directors shall use   18  their reasonable best
efforts to obtain the written consent of the holder of each Stock Option,
effective upon the consummation of the Offer, to such cancellation. Subject
to having obtained any necessary consents from the holders of Stock Options,
the Company shall cause the Company\'s Board of Directors or each relevant
committee of the Company\'s Board of Directors to make any amendments to the
Stock Option Plans or stock option agreements thereunder which may be needed
or desirable to implement such cancellation.   (b) Concurrent with the
execution of this Agreement, the Company, the Company\'s Board of Directors
and each relevant committee thereof shall take any and all action required
with respect to the Company\'s 1988 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Stock
Purchase Plan") to set a New Purchase Date (as defined in the Stock Purchase
Plan) with respect to the Offering Period (as defined in the Stock Purchase
Plan) commencing August 1, 2000, which New Purchase Date shall be no later
than fifteen (15) days after the date hereof. The Company, the Company\'s
Board of Directors and each relevant committee thereof shall provide any
written notice required under Section 18(b) of the Stock Purchase Plan
with respect to the foregoing.   (c) All Stock Option Plans, the 1998
Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the 1984 Restricted Stock Purchase Plan
(together, the "COMPANY STOCK PLANS") shall terminate as of the Effective
Time and the provisions in any other Company Benefit Plan (as hereinafter
defined) or any other plan providing for the issuance, transfer or grant of
any capital stock of the Company or any interest in respect of any capital
stock of the Company shall be deleted as of the Effective Time, and the
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that following the
Effective Time no holder of a Stock Option or any participant in any Company
Stock Plan or Company Benefit Plan or any other plan shall have any right
thereunder to acquire any capital stock of the Company, Parent or
the Surviving Corporation.   (d) The Company shall take all such steps as
may be required to cause the transactions contemplated by this Section 4.5
and any other dispositions of equity securities of the Company (including
derivative securities) in connection with this Agreement by each individual
who is a director or officer of the Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act, such steps to be taken in accordance with
the No-Action Letter dated January 12, 1999, issued by the SEC to Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP.   19   ARTICLE V  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   Except as disclosed in (i) the Company\'s
disclosure schedule delivered concurrently with the delivery of this
Agreement (the "COMPANY DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE") or (ii) the Company SEC Reports
(as hereinafter defined) made or filed prior to the date of this Agreement,
the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Purchaser as
follows:   Section 5.1 DUE ORGANIZATION, GOOD STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER.
Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing (with respect to
jurisdictions which recognize the concept of good standing) under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its incorporation and each such Person has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its business as now being conducted, except where the failure to be
so organized, existing and in good standing or to have such power and
authority could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each of
its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good
standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize the concept of good
standing) in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or
operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification necessary, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to be
so qualified or licensed and in good standing could not reasonably be
expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to Parent complete
and correct copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the
Company, in each case as amended (if so amended) to the date of this
Agreement, and has made available the certificates of incorporation and by-
laws or other organizational documents of its Subsidiaries, in each case as
amended (if so amended) to the date of this Agreement. Other than as set
forth in Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the respective
certificates of incorporation and by-laws or other organizational documents
of the Subsidiaries of the Company do not contain any provision limiting or
otherwise restricting the ability of the Company to control its Subsidiaries.
Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all
Subsidiaries of the Company and their respective jurisdictions of
incorporation or organization and identifies the Company\'s (direct or
indirect) percentage of equity ownership therein.   Section 5.2
AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT. The Company has full corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its
obligations hereunder and, subject to obtaining the Company
Shareholder Approval, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company, and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby, have been
duly   20  authorized and approved by its Board of Directors and no other
corporate action on the part of the Company is necessary to authorize the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, other than obtaining
the Company Shareholder Approval, if necessary. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding obligation
of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except to the extent that its enforceability may be subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and by general equitable
principles.   Section 5.3 CAPITALIZATION. (a) The authorized capital stock
of the Company consists of 25,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value U.S.$.001 per share (the
"COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK"). At the close of business on July 31, 2000: (i)
17,798,165 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding
(excluding shares held by the Company in its treasury), (ii) 6,576,142 shares
of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance under the Stock Option
Plans and other arrangements, (iii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were
issued and outstanding and (iv) 1,139,107 shares of Company Common Stock were
held by the Company in its treasury. All issued and outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and
are fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth in Section 5.3(a) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding or authorized
options, warrants, rights, subscriptions, claims of any character,
agreements, obligations, convertible or exchangeable securities, or other
commitments, contingent or otherwise, relating to shares of capital stock or
other equity interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, pursuant to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become obligated to
issue shares of its capital stock or other equity interests or any securities
convertible into, exchangeable for, or evidencing the right to subscribe for,
any shares of the capital stock or other equity interests of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries (each an "ISSUANCE OBLIGATION"). There are
no outstanding obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any outstanding securities of the Company. The Company has
no authorized or outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness
the holders of which have the right to vote (or convertible or exchangeable
into or exercisable for securities the holders of which have the right to
vote) with the stockholders of the Company on any matter ("VOTING DEBT").
Except as set forth in Section 5.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
there are no restrictions of any kind which prevent or restrict the payment
of dividends by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and there are no
limitations or restrictions on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose
of such capital stock or other ownership interests.   (b) All of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth in the Company SEC
Reports or   21  Section 5.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no
Subsidiary of the Company has outstanding Voting Debt and no Subsidiary of
the Company is bound by, obligated under, or party to an Issuance Obligation
with respect to any security of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
and there are no obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding securities of any of
its Subsidiaries or any capital stock of, or other ownership interests in,
any of its Subsidiaries.   (c) Except for the Company\'s interest in its
Subsidiaries, and as set forth in the Company SEC Reports or Section 5.3(c)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not directly or
indirectly own any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity or similar interest in,
any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or
other business association or entity which is material to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   Section 5.4 CONSENTS AND APPROVALS; NO
VIOLATIONS. Assuming (i) the filings required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR ACT"), are made and
the waiting periods thereunder (if applicable) have been terminated or
expired, (ii) the prior notification and reporting requirements of the
antitrust laws of the member states of the European Union as may be
applicable (collectively, the "EUROPEAN ANTITRUST LAWS") are satisfied and
any antitrust filings/notifications which must or may be effected at the
national level in countries having jurisdiction are made and any applicable
waiting periods thereunder have been terminated or expired, (iii) the prior
notification and reporting requirements of other antitrust or competition
laws as may be applicable are satisfied and any
antitrust filings/notifications which must or may be effected in countries
having jurisdiction are made, (iv) the applicable requirements of the
Exchange Act are met, (v) the requirements under any applicable foreign or
state securities or blue sky laws are met, (vi) the filing of the Certificate
of Merger and other appropriate merger documents, if any, as required by the
DGCL, are made and (vii) in the case of this Agreement, the Company
Shareholder Approval is received, the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby (including the changes in the composition of
the Board of Directors of the Company) do not and will not: (A) violate or
conflict with any provision of the Company\'s Certificate of Incorporation or
the Company\'s By-Laws or the comparable governing documents of any of its
Subsidiaries; (B) violate or conflict with any statute, law, ordinance, rule
or regulation (together, "LAWS") or any order, judgment, decree, writ, permit
or license (together, "ORDERS"), of any court, tribunal, arbitrator,
authority, agency, commission, official or other instrumentality of the
United States, any foreign country or any domestic or foreign state, county,
city or other political subdivision (a "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY") applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any of their respective
properties or assets may be bound; (C) except as set forth in Section 5.4 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, require any filing with, or   22  permit,
consent or approval of, or the giving of any notice to, any
Governmental Authority; or (D) except as set forth in Section 5.4 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, result in a violation or breach of, conflict
with, constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a
default (or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, payment or
acceleration) under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, or give
rise to any obligation, right of termination, cancellation, acceleration or
increase of any obligation or a loss of a material benefit under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
license, franchise, permit, agreement, contract, lease or other instrument or
obligation of any kind ("CONTRACTS") to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party, or by which any such Person or any of its properties
or assets are bound, excluding from the foregoing clauses (B), (C) and (D)
conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, rights of payment and
reimbursement, terminations, modifications, accelerations and creations and
impositions of Liens which could not reasonably be expected to, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect or prevent the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
Section 5.5 COMPANY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. (a) Since December 31,
1997, the Company and, to the extent applicable, its Subsidiaries, have filed
all forms, reports and documents with the SEC required to be filed by it
pursuant to the federal securities laws and the SEC rules and
regulations thereunder, and all forms, reports, schedules, registration
statements and other documents filed with the SEC by the Company and, to the
extent applicable, its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects
with all applicable requirements of the federal securities laws and the SEC
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company has, prior to the
date of this Agreement, made available to Parent true and complete copies of
all forms, reports, registration statements and other filings filed by the
Company and its Subsidiaries with the SEC since December 31, 1997 (such
forms, reports, registration statements and other filings, together with any
exhibits, any amendments thereto and information incorporated by reference
therein, are sometimes collectively referred to as the "COMPANY SEC
REPORTS"). As of their respective dates, the Company SEC Reports did not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The audited consolidated financial statements and the unaudited
consolidated interim financial statements of the Company included in the
Company SEC Reports (i) comply as to form in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC, (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis (except as may be indicated therein or in the notes or schedules
thereto) and (iii) present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the
dates thereof and their consolidated results of operations and changes in
stockholders\' equity and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in
the case of unaudited   23  statements, to normal year-end adjustments).
The Company has heretofore made available to Parent true and correct copies
of any amendments and/or modifications to any Company SEC Reports which have
not yet been filed with the SEC but that are required to be filed with the
SEC in accordance with applicable federal securities laws and the SEC rules
and regulations.   (b) Except as set forth or provided in the Company SEC
Reports or Section 5.5(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability or obligation of any
nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), in each case
that is required by GAAP to be set forth on a consolidated balance sheet of
the Company, except for (i) liabilities and obligations under this Agreement
or incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii)
liabilities and obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice since March 31, 2000 which could not reasonably
be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default
in respect of the material terms and conditions of any indebtedness or other
agreement which could reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 5.6
INFORMATION TO BE SUPPLIED. (a) Each of the Schedule 14D-9 and the Proxy
Statement and the other documents required to be filed by the Company with
the SEC in connection with the Offer, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby will comply as to form in all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and will not, on the date
of its filing or, in the case of the Proxy Statement, on the dates it is
mailed to stockholders of the Company and at the time of the Company
Shareholder Meeting, and none of the written information supplied or to be
supplied by the Company expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference
in the Offer Documents will at the time the Offer Documents are filed with
the SEC and first published, sent or given to the Company\'s stockholders,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading.   (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section 5.6, no representation or warranty is made by the Company with
respect to statements made or incorporated by reference in the Proxy
Statement or the Schedule 14D-9 based on information supplied by Parent or
Purchaser expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein or
based on information which is not made in or incorporated by reference in
such documents but which should have been disclosed pursuant to Section
6.4.   24   Section 5.7 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN EVENTS. Except as disclosed in
the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof or in Section 5.7 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule or as required or expressly permitted by this
Agreement, since December 31, 1999(*) the Company and its Subsidiaries have
operated their respective businesses only in the ordinary course and, except
as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports or in Section 5.7 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there has not occurred (i) any event, occurrence or
conditions which could reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any of the actions described in
Sections 7.3(b)(3), (5), (7), (9) or (17).   Section 5.8 LITIGATION. Except
as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof or
Section 5.8 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no investigations,
actions, suits or proceedings pending against the Company or its Subsidiaries
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or its
Subsidiaries (or any of their respective properties, rights or franchises),
at law or in equity, or before or by any federal or state commission, board,
bureau, agency, regulatory or administrative instrumentality or other
Governmental Authority or any arbitrator or arbitration tribunal, that could
reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no development
has occurred with respect to any pending or threatened action, suit or
proceeding that could reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect or could reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impair
or materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any judgment,
order or decree entered in any lawsuit or proceeding which could reasonably
be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 5.9 TITLE TO PROPERTIES; ENCUMBRANCES. Except as
disclosed in Section 5.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and
each of its Subsidiaries has good, valid and marketable title to, or in the
case of leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of
its tangible properties and assets except where to failure to have such good,
valid and marketable title could not reasonably be expected to, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect; in each case
subject to no Liens, except for (A) Liens reflected in the consolidated
balance sheet as of March 31, 2000, (B) Liens consisting of zoning or
planning restrictions, easements, permits and other restrictions or
limitations on the use of real property or irregularities in title thereto
which do not materially detract from the value of, or impair the use of, such
property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the operation of their
respective businesses, (C) Liens for current Taxes, assessments or
governmental charges or levies on property not yet due or which are being
contested in good faith and (D) Liens which   25  could not reasonably be
expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 5.10 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Except as disclosed in
the Company SEC Reports and except as disclosed in Section 5.10 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule:   (a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
have complied and are presently complying in all material respects with all
applicable Laws, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received written notification of any asserted present or past failure to so
comply, except in each case where such non-compliance could not reasonably be
expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (b) The Company and its Subsidiaries hold, to the extent
legally required, all federal, state, local and foreign permits, approvals,
licenses, authorizations, certificates, rights, exemptions and orders from
Governmental Authorities (the "PERMITS") that are required for the operation
of the respective businesses of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries as now
conducted, except where the failure to hold any such Permit could not
reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, and there has not occurred any default under any
such Permit, except to the extent that such default could not reasonably be
expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (c) (A) With respect to each of the Company\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' products and, to the extent applicable, products under
development (collectively, the "COMPANY PRODUCTS"), (1) the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries has obtained, unless otherwise exempt, all applicable
approvals, clearances, authorizations, licenses and registrations required by
United States or foreign governments or government agencies, to permit any
manufacturing, distribution, sales, marketing or human research activities of
the Company (the "ACTIVITIES TO DATE") with respect to each Company Product
(collectively, the "LICENSES"); (2) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
are in compliance in all material respects with all terms and conditions of
each License and with all requirements pertaining to the Activities to Date
with respect to each Company Product which is not required to be the subject
of a License; (3) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable Laws regarding registration,
license, certification for each site (in any country) at which each Company
Product is manufactured, processed, packed, held for distribution or from
which and into which it is distributed; and (4) to the extent any Company
Product has been exported from the United States, the Company has exported
such Company Product in compliance in all material respects with 21 U.S.C.
Section 381(e) or Section 382; (B) all manufacturing operations performed by
or on behalf of the Company have been and are being conducted in all
material respects in compliance with current good manufacturing practices,
and Quality System regulations issued by the FDA and, to the extent
applicable,   26  counterpart regulations in the European Union and all
other countries where compliance is required; (C) all nonclinical laboratory
studies of Company Products under development, as described in 21 C.F.R.
Section 58.3(d), sponsored by the Company and intended to be used to support
regulatory clearance or approval, have been and are being conducted in
compliance in all material respects with the laboratory practice regulations
set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part 58 and applicable counterpart regulations in the
European Union and all other countries; (D) the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
reporting requirements for all Licenses or plant registrations described in
clause (A) above, including, but not limited to, the applicable adverse event
reporting requirements of 21 C.F.R. Section 803; except, in the case of the
preceding clauses (A) through (D), for any such failures to obtain or
noncompliance which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably
be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Section 5.10(c), the term "Licenses"
shall specifically include, with respect to the United States, Company
Product license applications, pre-market approval applications, pre-market
notifications under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act, as amended, and investigational device exemptions, and Company Product
export applications issued by the FDA.   (d) To the knowledge of the
Company, no filing or submission to the FDA or any other Governmental
Authority with regard to the Company Products that is the basis for any
approval or clearance contains any material omission or materially false
information.   (e) To the knowledge of the Company, the Company is in
compliance with all FDA and non-United States equivalent agencies and similar
state and local Governmental Agency requirements concerning the maintenance,
compilation and filing of reports, including medical device reports, with
regard to the Company Products, except where such non-compliance could not
reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   (f) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.10(f) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not received any written
notice or other written communication from the FDA or any other Governmental
Authority (A) contesting the pre-market clearance or approval of, the uses of
or the labeling and promotion of any of the Company Products or (B) otherwise
alleging any violation of any Laws by the Company, except, in each case, as
could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   (g) Except as set forth in Schedule
5.10(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there have been no recalls, field
notifications or seizures ordered or adverse regulatory actions taken (or to
the Company\'s knowledge threatened) by the FDA or any other Governmental  
27  Authority with respect to any of the Company Products, including any
facilities where any such Company Products are produced, processed, packaged
or stored and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has within the
last three years, either voluntarily or at the request of any Governmental
Authority, initiated or participated in a recall of any Product or provided
post-sale warnings regarding any Product, except, in each case, as could not
reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   (h) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.10(h) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries own
and hold all Company Product registrations, licenses, pricing approvals,
marketing authorizations and all other approvals ("REGISTRATIONS") necessary
to manufacture, market, sell and distribute the Company Products in each
country where the Company Products are currently marketed, sold and
distributed, except any such Registration which the Company\'s failure to own
or hold, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 5.11 COMPANY EMPLOYEE
BENEFIT PLANS. (a) Schedule 5.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
contains a true and complete list of each material bonus, deferred
compensation, incentive compensation, stock purchase, stock option, severance
or termination pay, hospitalization or other medical, life or other
insurance, supplemental unemployment benefits, profit-sharing, pension,
or retirement plan, program, agreement or arrangement, and each other
material employee benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement, sponsored,
maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed to (at any time
during the past six years) by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or by any
trade or business, whether or not incorporated (an "ERISA AFFILIATE"), that
together with the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company would be deemed a
"single employer" within the meaning of section 4001 of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder ("ERISA"), for the benefit of any employee
or terminated employee of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA
Affiliate, whether formal or informal and whether legally binding or not (the
"COMPANY BENEFIT PLANS").   (b) With respect to each Company Benefit Plan,
the Company has made available to Parent a true and complete copy thereof
(including all amendments thereto), as well as true and complete copies of
the annual reports, if required under ERISA, with respect thereto for the
last completed plan year; the actuarial reports, if required under ERISA,
with respect thereto for the last completed plan year; the most recent report
prepared with respect thereto in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 87, Employer\'s Accounting for Pensions; the most
recent Summary Plan Description, together with each Summary of Material
Modifications, if required under ERISA with respect thereto; if the Company
Benefit Plan is funded through a trust or any third party funding vehicle,
the trust or other funding agreement (including all   28  amendments
thereto) and the latest financial statements thereof; and the most recent
determination letter received from the Internal Revenue Service, if any, with
respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified
under section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as from time to time
amended (the "CODE").   (c) No Company Benefit Plan is subject to Title IV
of ERISA, and no material liability under Title IV of ERISA has been incurred
by the Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate since the effective
date of ERISA that has not been satisfied in full, and no condition exists
that presents a material risk to the Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA
Affiliate of incurring a material liability under such Title, other than
liability for premiums due to the PBGC (which premiums have been paid when
due).   (d) Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary of the Company, nor any
ERISA Affiliate, nor any Company Benefit Plan, nor any trust created
thereunder, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any trustee or
administrator thereof has engaged in a transaction in connection with which
the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, any
Company Benefit Plan, any such trust, or any trustee or administrator
thereof, could reasonably be expected to be subject to either a civil penalty
assessed pursuant to section 409 or 502(i) of ERISA or a tax imposed pursuant
to section 4975 or 4976 of the Code which would have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (e) All material contributions which the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company or an ERISA Affiliate are required to make with
respect to each Company Benefit Plan (for which contribution deductions are
governed by section 404(a) of the Code) for the plan years of such plans
ending with or within the most recent tax year of the Company, the Subsidiary
or ERISA Affiliate ended prior to the date of this Agreement either (A) were
made prior to the last day of such tax year or (B) have been or will be made
subsequent to such last day within the time required by section 404(a)(6) of
the Code in order to be deemed to have been made on the last day of such tax
year; and all material contribution amounts properly accrued through the
Closing Date with respect to the current plan year of each Company Benefit
Plan will be paid by the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or ERISA
Affiliate, as appropriate, on or prior to the Closing Date or will be
properly recorded on the Balance Sheet in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 87; and all material contributions
required to be made with respect thereto (whether pursuant to the terms of
any Company Benefit Plan or otherwise) on or prior to the date of
this Agreement have been timely made.   (f) No Company Benefit Plan is a
"multiemployer pension plan," as such term is defined in section 3(37) of
ERISA.   29   (g) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.11(g) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, each Company Benefit Plan has been operated and
administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms and
applicable law, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code.   (h) Each
Company Benefit Plan which is intended to be "qualified" within the meaning
of section 401(a) of the Code has received either a favorable opinion letter
from the IRS that the form of such plan is so qualified or a
favorable determination letter from the IRS that such plan is so qualified
and the trusts maintained thereunder are exempt from taxation under section
501(a) of the Code, and to the Company\'s knowledge no event has occurred
since the date of such letter which would reasonably be expected to adversely
affect such qualified or exempt status.   (i) Except as set forth in
Schedule 5.11(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Company Benefit Plan
provides death or medical benefits (whether or not insured), with respect to
current or former employees of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA
Affiliate beyond their retirement or other termination of service (other than
(i) coverage mandated by applicable law, (ii) death benefits or retirement
benefits under any "employee pension plan," as that term is defined in
section 3(2) of ERISA, or (iii) benefits the full cost of which is borne by
the current or former employee (or his beneficiary).   (j) Except as
disclosed in Schedule 5.11(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or expressly
provided in this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (and/or any related event) will not (i) entitle any current
or former employee or officer of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to
severance pay, or any other material payment from the Company, (ii)
accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or increase the amount of
compensation due any such employee or officer, or (iii) require the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate to fund or make any payments to any trust or
other funding vehicle in respect of any Company Benefit Plan.   (k) Except
as set forth in Schedule 5.11(k) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there
are no pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened claims by, on
behalf of or against any Company Benefit Plan, by any employee or beneficiary
covered under any such Company Benefit Plan, or otherwise involving any such
Company Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) that would have
a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (l) Except as disclosed in Section
5.11(1) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding stock
appreciation rights or restricted stock of the Company. Except as disclosed
in Section 5.11(1) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no
outstanding   30  shares of Company Common Stock which are subject to the
Company\'s form of "Stock Purchase Agreement" relating to "Mandatory Resale
Provisions under Dutch Law".   (m) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.11(m)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Company Benefit Plan is subject to
ERISA pursuant to Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA. Each Company Benefit Plan
relating to employees not employed in the United States (A) is in compliance
with, in all material respects, all requirements of law applicable thereto
and the respective requirements of the governing documents of such plan and
(B) is fully and properly funded in accordance with, and the assets thereof
are held by a person authorized to hold such assets under, applicable law and
regulation and the governing documents of such plan except to the extent the
failure to be in compliance with the statements in clauses (A) and (B) would
not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (n) Except as set forth in
Schedule 5.11(n) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there has not been any
adoption or amendment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA
Affiliate of any Company Benefit Plan since January 1, 2000. Except as
disclosed in Schedule 5.11(n) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any ERISA Affiliate has any formal
plan or commitment, whether legally binding or not, to create any additional
Company Benefit Plan or modify or change any existing Company Benefit Plan
that would affect any employee or terminated employee of the Company, a
Subsidiary of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. All employment, consulting,
severance, termination, change in control or indemnification agreements,
arrangements or understandings between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and any current or former officer or director of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries which are required to be disclosed in the SEC Documents have
been disclosed therein.   Section 5.12 [Intentionally Left Blank.]  
Section 5.13 TAXES. Except as set forth in Section 5.13 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule:   (a) TAX RETURNS. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be timely filed with the
appropriate Taxing authorities all Federal income and all other material
returns, statements, forms and reports for Taxes (as hereinafter defined)
("RETURNS") that are required to be filed by, or with respect to, the Company
and such Subsidiaries on or prior to the Closing Date. The Returns as filed
were correct and complete in all material respects. "TAXES" shall mean all
taxes, assessments, charges, duties, fees, levies or other governmental
charges including, without limitation, all Federal, state, local, foreign and
other income, franchise, profits, capital gains, capital stock, transfer,
sales, use, occupation, property, excise,   31  severance, windfall
profits, stamp, license, payroll, withholding and other taxes, assessments,
charges, duties, fees, levies or other governmental charges of any kind
whatsoever (whether payable directly or by withholding and whether or not
requiring the filing of a Return), all estimated taxes,
deficiency assessments, additions to tax, penalties and interest and shall
include any liability for such amounts as a result either of being a member
of a combined, consolidated, unitary or affiliated group or of a contractual
obligation to indemnify, any person or other entity.   (b) PAYMENT OF
TAXES. All material Taxes and Tax liabilities of the Company and its
Subsidiaries that have become due and payable have been timely paid or fully
provided for as a liability on the financial statements of the Company and
its Subsidiaries (or in the notes thereto) in accordance with GAAP.   (c)
OTHER TAX MATTERS. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.13(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, no material deficiencies for any Taxes have
been asserted or assessed against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
which are not reserved for or which are not being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings. To the knowledge of the Company, no Governmental
Authority is presently conducting a Tax audit or investigation with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or has asked for an extension or
waiver of an applicable statute of limitations. With respect to Taxes or any
Tax Return, no power of attorney has been executed by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.   (d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
been included in any "consolidated," "unitary" or "combined" Return (other
than Returns which include only the Company and any Subsidiaries of the
Company) provided for under the laws of the United States, any foreign
jurisdiction or any state or locality with respect to material Taxes for any
taxable period for which the statute of limitations has not expired.   (e)
All material Taxes which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is (or was)
required by law to withhold or collect have been duly withheld or collected,
and have been timely paid over to the proper authorities to the extent due
and payable.   (f) There are no Tax sharing, allocation, indemnification or
similar agreements (in writing) in effect as between the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries, or any predecessor or Affiliate of any of them and any
other party under which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) could be
liable for any material Taxes of any party other than the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company.   (g) [Intentionally Left Blank.]   32   (h)
[Intentionally Left Blank.]   (i) No election under Section 341(f) of the
Code has been made or shall be made prior to the Closing Date to treat the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a consenting corporation, as defined in
Section 341 of the Code.   (j) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.13(j) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, no transaction contemplated by this
Agreement is subject to withholding under Section 1445 of the Code.   (k)
[Intentionally Left Blank.]   (l) There are no Liens for Taxes upon any
property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for
Liens for Taxes not yet due or for which adequate reserves have been
established in accordance with GAAP.   (m) No unresolved written claim has
been made and delivered by any Taxing authority in a Jurisdiction where the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not pay Taxes or file Returns that
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be subject to Taxes assessed
by such jurisdiction.   Section 5.14 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. (a) Schedule
5.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete
list of all patents, registered and material unregistered trademarks, trade
names, service marks and registered copyrights and applications therefor
owned or filed by the Company and its Subsidiaries, all license agreements to
third-party intellectual property rights bearing royalties or fees in excess
of $100,000 per annum payable to any licensor, and all license agreements
pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries licenses any of its
intellectual property to third parties for fees or royalties in excess of
$100,000 per annum (collectively, "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS"). To the
knowledge of the Company, each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
owns or has sufficient unrestricted right to use the Intellectual Property
Rights in order to allow it to conduct, and continue to conduct, its business
as currently conducted in all material respects, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby will not alter or impair such ability in any
respect which would have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (b) There is
no restriction or encumbrance on the right of the Company to transfer to
Purchaser any of the Intellectual Property Rights, or to grant licenses to
the Intellectual Property Rights, other than any such Liens that alone or in
the aggregate would not result in a Company Material Adverse Effect or as
disclosed on Schedule 5.14(b) of the Company Disclosure   33  Schedule or
contained in express restrictions on sublicensing as may be set forth in any
of the license agreements listed on Schedule 5.14. To the knowledge of the
Company, and except as disclosed on Schedule 5.14(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no pending oppositions, cancellations,
invalidity proceedings, interference or re-examination proceedings with
respect to the Intellectual Property Rights and no such proceedings are
threatened.   (c) To the knowledge of the Company, and except as disclosed
on Schedule 5.14(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any
other Person challenging the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to use any of the Intellectual Property Rights, and (ii) no claims are
pending by any Person with respect to the ownership, validity, enforceability
or use of any such Intellectual Property Rights challenging or questioning
the validity or effectiveness of any of the foregoing. Except as disclosed on
Schedule 5.14(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has made any claim of a violation or infringement by
others of its rights to or in connection with the Intellectual Property
Rights.   Section 5.15 BROKER\'S OR FINDER\'S FEE. Except for the fees of
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc. (whose fees and expenses will be paid by the
Company in accordance with the Company\'s agreement with such firm, a true
and correct copy of which has been previously delivered to Parent by the
Company), no agent, broker, Person or firm acting on behalf of the Company
is, or will be, entitled to any fee, commission or broker\'s or finder\'s
fees from any of the parties hereto, or from any Person controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with any of the parties hereto, in
connection with this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby.   Section 5.16 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. (a) Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Reports or as set forth in Schedule 5.16 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, and except to the extent that, individually or in the
aggregate, failure to satisfy the following representations has not had, and
could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are, and have been,
and  each of the Company\'s former Subsidiaries, while a Subsidiary of the 
Company, were in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws;   (ii)
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has  received any
Environmental Claim, and there are no present or, to the  knowledge of the
Company, past actions, activities, circumstances,  conditions, events or
incidents, including, without limitation, the  Release, threatened Release or
presence of any Hazardous Material which  could form the basis of any
Environmental Claim against the Company, or  to the best   34  knowledge
of the Company, against any person or entity whose liability for
any Environmental Claim the Company has or may have retained or assumed
either contractually or by operation of law.   (iii) Except for leases
entered into in the ordinary course of  business, as to which no written
notice of a claim for indemnity or  reimbursement has been received by the
Company, neither the Company nor  any of its Subsidiaries has entered into
any agreement that may require  it to pay to, reimburse, guarantee, pledge,
defend, indemnify, or hold  harmless any Person for or against any
Environmental Claim.   (iv) During the period of ownership or operation by
the Company and  its Subsidiaries of any of their respective current or
previously owned  or leased properties, there have been no Releases or
threatened Releases  of Hazardous Material by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or, to  the knowledge of the Company, by any other person or
entity, in, on,  under or affecting such properties.   (v) To the knowledge
of the Company, prior to the period of ownership  or operation by the Company
and its Subsidiaries of any of their  respective current or previously owned
or leased properties, there were  no Releases or threatened Releases of
Hazardous Material in, on, under or  affecting any such property.   (vi)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has treated,  stored or
disposed of "hazardous waste", as that term is defined in the  Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 ET SEQ., analogous  state laws,
or the regulations promulgated thereunder, such that the  Company or any of
its Subsidiaries would be required to obtain a  hazardous waste facility
permit under said laws for such treatment,  storage or disposal.   (b) For
purposes of this Section 5.16, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:   "ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIMS" means any claim, demand, notice,
complaint, court order, administrative order or request for information from
any Governmental Entity or private party, alleging violation of, or asserting
any noncompliance with or liability under or potential liability under, any
Environmental Laws, except for matters which are no longer threatened or
pending and for which the Company or its Subsidiaries are not subject to
further requirements pursuant to an administrative or court order, judgment,
or a settlement agreement.   35   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means any federal,
state, or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code or rule of
common law and any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof binding
on the Company or its operations or property as of the date hereof and
Closing Date, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree
or judgment, relating to the environment, health or Hazardous Materials,
including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601
et seq.; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C.
Section 6901 et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended, 33
U.S.C. Section 1251 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.
Section 2601 et seq.; the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq.; Oil
Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. Section 2701 et seq.; the Safe Drinking
Water Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 300f et seq.; and their state and
local counterparts and equivalents.   "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means (A) any
petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form
that is or could become friable, dielectric fluid containing levels of
polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas; (B) any chemicals, materials or
substances defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous
substances," "hazardous wastes," "hazardous materials," "extremely hazardous
wastes," "extremely hazardous substances," "restricted hazardous wastes,"
"toxic substances," "pollutants," "toxic pollutants," "contaminants" or words
of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law; and (C) any other
chemical, material or substances, exposure to which is prohibited, limited or
regulated by any Governmental Authority.   "RELEASES" means disposing,
discharging, injecting, spilling, leaking, leaching, dumping, emitting,
escaping, emptying or seeping into or upon any land or water or air, or
otherwise entering into the environment.   Section 5.17 STATE TAKEOVER
STATUTES. (a) The Board of Directors of the Company has approved the Offer,
the Merger and this Agreement and such approval is sufficient to render
inapplicable to the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the other
transactions contemplated hereby the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL.
No other takeover statute or similar statute or regulation of any state is
applicable to the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the
other transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) The Board of Directors of the
Company has taken all necessary action so that (i) the Rights will not be
exercisable, trade separately, or be otherwise affected by the Offer, the
Merger or the other transactions required hereby, (ii) none of Parent and its
Affiliates will be deemed to be an "ACQUIRING PERSON" for purposes thereof in
consummating the Offer and Merger and (iii) a "DISTRIBUTION DATE" shall not
occur by virtue of the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated hereby. The Company will take any action reasonably
requested   36  by Parent to ensure and confirm that the Company, Parent
and their respective affiliates will not have any obligations in connection
with the Rights or the Rights Agreement in connection with the Offer, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby on the terms provided
herein.   Section 5.18 VOTING REQUIREMENTS; BOARD APPROVAL. (a) The
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of the Company Common Stock (voting as one class, with each share of
the Company Common Stock having one (1) vote) entitled to be cast approving
this Agreement is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of the
Company\'s capital stock necessary to approve this Agreement, the Merger and
the transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) The Board of Directors of the
Company has, as of the date of this Agreement, (i) determined that the Offer
and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and (iii) resolved to recommend that the
stockholders of the Company approve and adopt this Agreement, the Offer and
the Merger.   Section 5.19 OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. The Company has
received the opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc. to the effect that,
as of the date of this Agreement, the consideration payable in the Offer and
the Merger to the holders of the Company Common Stock is fair to such holders
(other than Parent, Purchaser or their Affiliates) from a financial point of
view, and a copy of such opinion has been, or promptly upon receipt thereof
will be, delivered to Parent; it being understood and acknowledged by Parent
and Purchaser that such opinion has been rendered for the benefit of the
Board of Directors of the Company, and is not intended to, and may not, be
relied upon by Parent, its Affiliates or their respective shareholders.  
Section 5.20 CONTRACTS. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.20 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and except for this Agreement, since December 31, 1999,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into
any contract, agreement or amendment thereto that would be required to be
filed as an exhibit to a Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC as of
the date of this Agreement.   Section 5.21 PRODUCTS LIABILITY. As used in
this Section 5.21, the term "PRODUCT" shall mean any product designed,
manufactured, shipped, sold, marketed, distributed and/or otherwise
introduced into the stream of commerce by or on behalf of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, any product sold in the
United States by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as the distributor,
agent, or pursuant to any other contractual relationship with a non-US.
manufacturer; and the term "DEFECT" shall mean a defect or impurity of any
kind,   37  whether in design, manufacture, processing, or otherwise,
including, without limitation, any dangerous propensity associated with any
reasonably foreseeable use of a Product, or the failure town of the existence
of any defect, impurity, or dangerous propensity. Except as set forth in
Section 5.21 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened, claim, action, suit, inquiry,
proceeding or investigation by any individual or Governmental Authority in
which a Product is alleged to have a Defect, except any such claim, action,
suit, inquiry, proceeding or investigation which, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   ARTICLE VI  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND
PURCHASER   Except as disclosed in Parent\'s disclosure schedule delivered
concurrently with the delivery of this Agreement (the "PARENT DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE"), Parent and Purchaser hereby represent and warrant, jointly and
severally, to the Company as follows:   Section 6.1 DUE ORGANIZATION, GOOD
STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER. Each of Parent and the Purchaser is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and each such Person has all
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions to be consummated by it.   Section 6.2
AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT. Each of Parent and Purchaser has
full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to
perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by Parent and Purchaser, and the consummation by each such party of
the transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized
and unanimously approved by the respective Board of Directors of Parent
and Purchaser and no other corporate action on the part of either of Parent
or Purchaser is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by each of Parent and Purchaser and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Purchaser and is a valid
and binding obligation of each of Parent and Purchaser, enforceable against
each of Parent and Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except to the
extent that its enforceability may be subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and by general equitable
principles.   38   Section 6.3 CONSENTS AND APPROVALS; NO VIOLATIONS.
Assuming (i) the filings required under the HSR Act are made and the waiting
periods thereunder (if applicable) have been terminated or expired, (ii) the
prior notification and reporting requirements of the European Antitrust Laws
are satisfied and any antitrust filings/notifications which must or may be
effected at the national level in countries having jurisdiction are made and
any applicable waiting periods thereunder have been terminated or expired,
(iii) the prior notification and reporting requirements of other antitrust or
competition laws as may be applicable are satisfied and any antitrust
filings/notifications which must or may be effected in countries having
jurisdiction are made, (iv) the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act
are met, (v) the requirements under any applicable foreign or state
securities or blue sky laws are met, (vi) the filing of the Certificate of
Merger and other appropriate merger documents, if any, as required by the
DGCL, are made, and (vii) the stockholders of the Parent have approved an
increase in the authorized capital of the Parent and a waiver of preemptive
rights in order for the Parent to make an US $150 million equity offering
(the "PARENT EQUITY OFFERING") of ordinary bearer shares, nominal value (0.01
per share, of the Parent ("PARENT ORDINARY SHARES")), the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Purchaser and the consummation
by Parent and Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and
will not: (A) violate or conflict with any provision of the governing
documents of Parent, Purchaser or any of their respective Subsidiaries; (B)
violate or conflict with any Laws or Orders of any Governmental Authority
applicable to Parent, Purchaser or any of their respective Subsidiaries or by
which any of their respective properties or assets may be bound; (C) except
as set forth in Section 6.3 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, require any
filing with, or permit, consent or approval of, or the giving of any notice
to, any Governmental Authority; or (D) except as set forth in Section 6.3 of
the Parent Disclosure Schedule, result in a violation or breach of, conflict
with, constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a
default (or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration) under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of Parent, Purchaser or any of their respective
Subsidiaries under, or give rise to any obligation, right of termination,
cancellation, acceleration or increase of any obligation or a loss of a
material benefit under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
Contracts to which Parent, Purchaser or any of their respective Subsidiaries
is a party, or by which any such Person or any of its properties or assets
are bound, excluding from the foregoing clauses (B), (C) and (D) conflicts,
violations, breaches, defaults, rights of payment and reimbursement,
terminations, modifications, accelerations and creations and impositions of
Liens which could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or impair Parent\'s
or Purchaser\'s ability to consummate the transactions to be consummated by
them pursuant to this Agreement. Parent has obtained and made available to
the Company a valid, binding and enforceable commitment from Tor Peters,
President of Parent, that Mr. Peters will vote all shares of Parent owned by
him, and the shares of Parent owned by certain other shareholders for which
he has received proxies, in favor of approving an increase in the autho-  
39  rized capital of the Parent and a waiver of preemptive rights in order
for the Parent to consummate the Parent Equity Offering by issuing a number
of shares sufficient to receive the $150 million proceeds from the Parent
Equity Offering, subject to condition (f) as set forth in Annex I to this
Agreement.   Section 6.4 INFORMATION TO BE SUPPLIED. (a) Each of the Offer
Documents and the other documents required to be filed by Parent with the SEC
in connection with the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby will comply as to form, in all material respects, with
the requirements of the Exchange Act and will not, on the date of its filing,
and none of the information supplied or to be supplied by Parent or the
Purchaser expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Schedule 14D-9 or the Proxy Statement will, in the case of the Schedule
14D-9, at the time the Schedule 14D-9 is filed with the SEC and first
published, sent or given to the Company\'s stockholders or, in the case of
the Proxy Statement on the dates the Proxy Statement is mailed to
stockholders of the Company and at the time of the Company Shareholder
Meeting will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading.   (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 6.4, no representation or warranty is made by
Parent with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference in the
Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 or Proxy Statement based on information
supplied by the Company expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference
therein or based on information which is not made in or incorporated by
reference in such documents but which should have been disclosed pursuant to
Section 5.6.   Section 6.5 BROKER\'S OR FINDER\'S FEE. Except for Credit
Suisse First Boston Corporation ("CSFB") (whose fees and expenses will be
paid by Parent or Purchaser), no agent, broker, Person or firm acting on
behalf of Parent or Purchaser is, or will be, entitled to any fee, commission
or broker\'s or finder\'s fees from any of the parties hereto, or from any
Person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with any of the
parties hereto, in connection with this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   Section 6.6 OWNERSHIP OF CAPITAL STOCK. Except as set
forth in Section 6.6 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, neither Parent,
Purchaser nor any of their respective Subsidiaries beneficially owns,
directly or indirectly, any capital stock of the Company or is a party to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring,
holding, voting or disposing of any capital stock of the Company, other than
as contemplated by this Agreement.   40   Section 6.7 NO PRIOR ACTIVITIES.
Purchaser was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, has no Subsidiaries and has undertaken no
business or activities other than in connection with entering into this
Agreement and engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section
6.8 FINANCING. At the expiration of the Offer and at the Effective Time,
provided that the Parent Equity Offering has been completed as contemplated
in the Purchase Agreement, Parent and Purchaser will have available all the
funds necessary to purchase all the shares of Company Common Stock pursuant
to the Offer and the Merger and to pay all fees and expenses payable by the
Parent or the Purchaser related to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. Parent has delivered to the Company true and correct copies
of that certain firm commitment letter addressed to Parent from CSFB dated
August 4, 2000, as well as evidence satisfactory to the Company that Parent
has sufficient net cash which, when added to the amounts to be obtained under
such commitment letter, will constitute sufficient funds to make all of the
payments referred to in the previous sentence. Parent has been advised by
CSFB that CSFB knows of no fact or circumstance that is reasonably likely to
result in any of the conditions to funding in such firm commitment letter or
the purchase agreement attached thereto not being satisfied, and Parent and
Purchaser know of no such fact or circumstance. Parent and Purchaser covenant
and agree that, upon the Company\'s request, Parent and Purchaser shall
provide the Company with information regarding the status of the such
financing.   ARTICLE VII  COVENANTS PRIOR TO CLOSING DATE   Section 7.1
ACCESS TO INFORMATION CONCERNING PROPERTIES AND RECORDS. During the period
commencing on the date hereof and ending on the earlier of (i) the Closing
Date and (ii) the date on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
Section 9.1 hereof, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to,
upon reasonable notice, afford the other party, and its respective counsel,
accountants, consultants, financing sources and other authorized
representatives, access during normal business hours to its and
its Subsidiaries\' executive officers, properties, books and records in order
that they may have the opportunity to make such investigations as they
shall reasonably deem necessary of its and its Subsidiaries\' affairs;
such investigation shall not, however, affect the representations and
warranties made by the Company in this Agreement. The Company shall furnish
promptly to Parent and Purchaser shall furnish promptly to the Company (x) a
copy of each form, report, schedule, statement, registration statement and
other document filed by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of
federal, state or foreign securities laws and (y) all other information
concerning its or its Subsidiaries\' business, properties and personnel as
Parent or Purchaser may reasonably request.   41  The Company agrees to
cause its officers and employees to furnish such additional financial and
operating data and other information and respond to such inquiries as Parent
or Purchaser shall from time to time reasonably request. Parent and Purchaser
shall make all reasonable efforts to minimize any disruption to the
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries which may result from the
requests made hereunder.   Section 7.2 CONFIDENTIALITY. Prior to the
Effective Time and after any termination of this Agreement, each of Parent
and the Company shall hold, and shall use its best efforts to cause its
officers, directors, employees, accountants, counsel, consultants, advisors,
lenders and agents to hold, in confidence, unless compelled to disclose by
judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of law, all
confidential documents and information concerning the other party furnished
to it or its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, except to the extent that such information can be shown to
have been previously known on a nonconfidential basis by such party, in the
public domain through no fault of such party or later lawfully acquired by
such party from sources other than the other party; PROVIDED that each of
Parent and the Company may disclose such information to its officers,
directors, employees, accountants, counsel, consultants, advisors, lenders
and agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
so long as such party informs such Persons of the confidential nature of such
information and directs them to treat it confidentially. Each of Parent and
the Company shall satisfy its obligation to hold any such information
in confidence if it exercises the same care with respect to such information
as it would take to preserve the confidentiality of its own similar
information. If this Agreement is terminated, each of Parent and the Company
shall, and shall use its best efforts to cause its officers, directors,
employees, accountants, counsel, consultants, advisors, lenders and agents
to, destroy or deliver to the other party, upon request, all documents and
other materials, and all copies thereof, that it or its Affiliates obtained,
or that were obtained on their behalf, from the other party in connection
with this Agreement and that are subject to such confidence. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the confidentiality agreement
dated June 26, 2000 between the Parent and the Company shall remain in full
force and effect.   Section 7.3 CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY
PENDING THE CLOSING DATE. The Company agrees that, except as permitted,
required or specifically contemplated by, or otherwise described in, this
Agreement or otherwise consented to or approved in writing by Parent (which
consent or approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), during
the period commencing on the date hereof until the Effective Time:   (a)
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall conduct their
respective operations in all material respects only according to their
ordinary and usual course of business consistent with past practice and shall
use their reasonable best efforts to preserve intact their  
42  respective business organizations, keep available the services of their
officers and employees and maintain satisfactory relationships with
licensors, suppliers, distributors, clients, joint venture partners and
others having significant business relationships with them;   (b) Except as
set forth in Section 7.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as
expressly contemplated by this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall:   (1) make any change in or amendment to the Company\'s
Certificate of  Incorporation or its By-Laws;   (2) issue or sell, or
authorize to issue or sell, any shares of its  capital stock or any other
securities, or issue or sell, or authorize to  issue or sell, any securities
convertible into, or options, warrants or  rights to purchase or subscribe
for, or enter into any arrangement or  contract with respect to the issuance
or sale of, any shares of its  capital stock or any other securities, or make
any other changes in its  capital structure, other than (i) the issuance of
Company Common Stock  upon the exercise of Stock Options outstanding on the
date hereof, in  accordance with their present terms, or (iii) issuances by a
wholly owned  Subsidiary of the Company of capital stock to such
Subsidiary\'s parent,  the Company or another wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company;   (3) declare, pay or set aside any dividend or other distribution
or  payment with respect to, or split, combine, redeem or reclassify, or 
purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or its  other
securities, other than dividends payable by a wholly owned  Subsidiary of the
Company to the Company or another wholly owned  Subsidiary of the
Company;   (4) incur any capital expenditures or any obligations or
liabilities  in respect thereof, except for those (A) contemplated by the
capital  expenditure budget for the Company and its Subsidiaries made
available to  Parent, (B) incurred in the ordinary course of business of the
Company  and its Subsidiaries and set forth in Schedule 7.3(b) of the
Company  Disclosure Schedule (the "CAPITAL BUDGET") or (C) not otherwise
described  in clauses (A) and (B) which, in the aggregate, do not exceed 
U.S.$1.0 million;   (5) acquire or agree to acquire (A) by merging or
consolidating with,  or by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of,
or by any other  manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, joint
venture,  association or other business organization of division thereof
(including  any of the Company\'s Subsidiaries) or (B) any assets, including
real  estate, except (x) purchases of inventory, equipment, other non-
material   43   assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice  or (y) expenditures consistent with the Company\'s Capital
Budget;   (6) except in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past  practice and except to the extent required under existing employee
and  director benefit plans, agreements or arrangements as in effect on the 
date of this Agreement, increase the compensation or fringe benefits of  any
of its directors, officers or employees or grant any severance or 
termination pay not currently required to be paid under existing  severance
plans or enter into any employment, consulting or severance  agreement or
arrangement with any present or former director, officer or  other employee
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or hire or  agree to hire, or
enter into any employment agreement with, any new or  additional key employee
or officer having an annual salary of  U.S.$150,000 or more;   (7) except
as required to comply with applicable law or expressly  provided in this
Agreement, (A) adopt, enter into, terminate or amend any  Company Benefit
Plan or other arrangement for the current or future  benefit or welfare of
any director, officer or current or former  employee, except to the extent
necessary to coordinate any such Company  Benefit Plans with the terms of
this Agreement, (B) pay any benefit not  provided for under any Company
Benefit Plan, accelerate the payment,  right of payment or vesting of any
bonus, severance, profit sharing,  retirement, deferred compensation, stock
option, insurance or other  compensation or benefits, (C) grant any awards
under any bonus,  incentive, performance or other compensation plan or
arrangement or  Company Benefit Plan (including the grant of stock options,
stock  appreciation rights, stock based or stock related awards,
performance  units or restricted stock, or the removal of existing
restrictions in any  Company Benefit Plans or agreements or awards made
thereunder) or  (D) except as required by the current terms thereof take any
action to  fund or in any other way secure the payment of compensation or
benefits  under any employee plan, agreement, contract or arrangement or
Company  Benefit Plan;   (8) transfer, lease, license, guarantee, sell,
mortgage, pledge,  dispose of, encumber or subject to any Lien, any material
assets, other  than in the ordinary course of business;   (9) except as
required by applicable law or GAAP, make any change in  its methods of
accounting;   44   (10) adopt or enter into a plan of complete or partial
liquidation,  dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or  other reorganization of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (other  than the Merger) or any agreement relating to a Takeover
Proposal, except  as provided for in Section 7.6;   (11) (i) incur or
assume any long-term debt, or except in the ordinary  course of business,
incur or assume any short-term indebtedness in  amounts not consistent with
past practice; (ii) incur or modify any  material indebtedness or other
liability; (iii) assume, guarantee,  endorse or otherwise become liable or
responsible (whether directly,  contingently or otherwise) for the
obligations of any other Person,  except in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past  practice; (iv) make any loans, advances or capital
contributions to, or  investments in, any other Person (other than to wholly
owned Subsidiaries  of the Company, or by such Subsidiaries to the Company,
or customary  loans or advances to employees in accordance with past
practice);  (v) settle any claims in excess of U.S.$1 million other than in
the  ordinary course of business, in accordance with past practice, and 
without admission of liability; or (vi) enter into any material  commitment
or transaction in excess of U.S.$1 million except in the  ordinary course of
business;   (12) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or
obligations  (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
otherwise),  other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of any such
claims,  liabilities or obligations, in the ordinary course of business and 
consistent with past practice, or of claims, liabilities or obligations 
reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated by, the consolidated 
financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries;   (13) enter into any agreement, understanding or
commitment that  materially restrains, limits or impedes the Company\'s or
any of its  Subsidiaries\' ability to compete with or conduct any business or
line of  business, including, but not limited to, geographic limitations on
the  Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' activities;   (14) plan,
announce, implement or effect any material reduction in  labor force, lay-
off, early retirement program, severance program or  other program or effort
concerning the termination of employment of  employees of the Company or its
Subsidiaries; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that  routine employee terminations for
cause shall not be considered subject  to this clause (14);   (15) take any
action including, without limitation, the adoption of  any shareholder rights
plan or amendments to its Certificate of  Incorporation or By-Laws (or
comparable governing documents), which  would, directly or indirectly,
restrict or impair   45   the ability of Parent to vote, or otherwise to
exercise the rights and  receive the benefits of a shareholder with respect
to, securities of the  Company acquired or controlled by Parent or Purchaser
or permit any  shareholder to acquire securities of the Company on a basis
not available  to Parent or Purchaser in the event that Parent or Purchaser
were to  acquire any additional shares of the Company Common Stock (subject
to the  Company\'s right to take action specifically permitted by Section
7.6);   (16) materially modify, amend or terminate any material contract
to  which it is a party or waive or assign any of its material rights or 
claims except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past 
practice;   (17) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent
with  past practice, make any tax election or enter into any settlement or 
compromise of any tax liability that in either case is material to the 
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as a whole; or   (18) agree, in
writing or otherwise, to take any of the foregoing  actions.   (c) The
Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, take any
voluntary action that would result in (i) any of its representations and
warranties set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to
materiality becoming untrue, (ii) any of such representations and warranties
that are not so qualified becoming untrue in any material manner having a
Company Material Adverse Effect or (iii) any of the conditions to the Offer
set forth in subsections (a), (c), (d) and (e) of Annex I not being satisfied
(subject to the Company\'s right to take action specifically permitted by
Section 7.6).   Section 7.4 COMPANY SHAREHOLDER MEETING; PREPARATION OF
PROXY STATEMENT. If required by applicable law in order to consummate the
Merger, the Company, acting through its Board of Directors, shall, in
accordance with applicable law:   (i) duly call, give notice of, convene
and hold a special meeting of  its stockholders (the "COMPANY SHAREHOLDER
MEETING") as promptly as  practicable following the acceptance for payment
and purchase of shares  by Company Common Stock by the Purchaser pursuant to
the Offer for the  purpose of considering and taking action upon the approval
of the Merger  and the adoption of this Agreement;   (ii) prepare and file
with the SEC a preliminary proxy or information  statement in accordance with
the Exchange Act relating to the Merger and  this Agreement and use its best
efforts to obtain and furnish the  information required to be included by
the   46   Exchange Act and the SEC in the Proxy Statement (as hereinafter
defined)  and, after consultation with Parent, to respond promptly to any
comments  made by the SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy or
information  statement and cause a definitive proxy or information
statement,  including any amendment or supplement thereto (the "PROXY
STATEMENT"), to  be mailed to its stockholders, PROVIDED that no amendment or
supplement  to the Proxy Statement will be made by the Company without
consultation  with Parent and its counsel;   (iii) take all action
necessary to solicit from its stockholders  proxies, and shall take all other
action necessary and advisable, to  secure the vote of stockholders required
by applicable law and the  Company\'s Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws
to obtain the approval  for this Agreement and the Merger; and   (iv)
unless the Board of Directors of the Company otherwise  determines (based on
a majority vote of the Board of Directors in its  good faith judgment that
such other action is necessary to comply with  its fiduciary duty to
stockholders under applicable law after consulting  with outside legal
counsel) prior to the Company Shareholder Approval,  (x) the Company\'s Board
of Directors shall recommend approval and  adoption by its stockholders of
this Agreement (the "COMPANY  RECOMMENDATION"), (y) neither the Company\'s
Board of Directors nor any  committee thereof shall amend, modify, withdraw,
condition or qualify the  Company Recommendation in a manner adverse to
Parent or take any action  or make any statement inconsistent with the
Company Recommendation and  (z) the Company shall take all lawful action to
solicit the Company  Shareholder Approval whether or not the Company
Recommendation remains in  effect.   Section 7.5 REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS;
NOTIFICATION; INFORMATION AGENT. (a) Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use all
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to
do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties
in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Offer and the
Merger, and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
(i) the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents
and approvals from any Governmental Authority and the making of all necessary
registrations and filings (including filings with any Governmental Authority,
if any) and the taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary to obtain
an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by,
any Governmental Authority, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary consents,
approvals or waivers from third parties, (iii) the defending of any lawsuits
or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging
this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including seeking to have any stay or temporary
restraining   47  order entered by any court or other Governmental
Authority vacated or reversed, (iv) the obtaining of the financing
contemplated by the Parent Equity Offering, including the Company\'s
providing financial statements and financial and other business information
required to be disclosed by Parent in connection therewith, and (v) the
execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of,
this Agreement; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no loan agreement or contract
for borrowed money entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
shall be repaid except as currently required by its terms, in whole or in
part, and no contract shall be amended to increase the amount payable
thereunder or otherwise to be more burdensome to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries in order to obtain any such consent, approval or authorization
without first obtaining the written approval of Parent.   (b) The Company
shall give prompt notice to Parent of (i) any representation or warranty made
by it contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality
becoming untrue or inaccurate in any respect (including in the case of
representations or warranties by the Company, the Company receiving
knowledge of any fact, event or circumstance which may cause any
representation qualified as to the knowledge of the Company to be or become
untrue or inaccurate in any respect) or (ii) the failure by it to comply with
or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that no such notification shall affect the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations
of the parties under this Agreement. The Company acknowledges that if after
the date of this Agreement the Company receives knowledge of any fact, event
or circumstance that would cause any representation or warranty that is
conditioned as to the knowledge of the Company to be or become untrue or
inaccurate in any respect, the receipt of such knowledge shall constitute a
breach of the representation or warranty that is so conditioned as of the
date of such receipt.   (c) Parent shall, at its expense, engage a
nationally-recognized agent to provide information to stockholders of the
Company with respect to the Offer and to encourage stockholders to deliver
their shares to the designated depositary for the Offer.   Section 7.6 NO
SOLICITATION. (a) The Company shall, and shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, financial
advisors, attorneys and other advisors, representatives and agents
to, immediately cease any discussions or negotiations with third parties
with respect to any Takeover Proposal (as defined below). The Company shall
not, nor shall it authorize or permit any of its Affiliates to, nor shall it
authorize or permit any officer, director or employee of or any financial
advisor, attorney or other advisor, representative or agent of it or any of
its Affiliates, to (i) directly or indirectly solicit, facilitate, initiate
or encourage the making or submission of, any Takeover Proposal (including,
without limitation,   48  the taking of any action which would make
Section 203 of the DGCL inapplicable to a Takeover Proposal), (ii) enter into
any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to any Takeover
Proposal or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding requiring
it to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the Merger or any other
transaction contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) initiate or participate in
any way in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish or disclose
to any Person (other than a party to this Agreement) any information with
respect to, or take any other action to facilitate or in furtherance of any
inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or could reasonably
be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal, or (iv) grant any waiver or
release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class
of the Company\'s equity securities (other than to permit the Company to
receive an unsolicitated Takeover Proposal that did not result from a breach
of this Section 7.6); PROVIDED that prior to the acceptance for payment of
shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, in response to an
unsolicited Takeover Proposal that did not result from the breach of
this Section 7.6 and following delivery to Parent of notice of the Takeover
Proposal in compliance with its obligations under Section 7.6(d) hereof, the
Company may participate in discussions or negotiations with or furnish
information (pursuant to a confidentiality/ standstill agreement with
customary terms) to any third party which makes a bona fide written Takeover
Proposal if (A) a majority of the Company\'s Board of Directors reasonably
determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor) that
taking such action would be reasonably likely to lead to the delivery to the
Company of a Superior Proposal and (B) a majority of the Company\'s Board of
Directors determines in good faith (after consultation with outside legal
counsel) that it is necessary to take such actions in order to comply with
its fiduciary duties under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing,
the Company agrees that any violation of the restrictions set forth in this
Section 7.6(a) by any of its, or any of its Subsidiaries\', officers,
employees, Affiliates or directors or any advisor, representative, consultant
or agent retained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, whether or not such
Person is purporting to act on behalf of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, shall constitute a breach of this Section 7.6(a) by the
Company.   For purposes of this Agreement, "TAKEOVER PROPOSAL" means any
inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person or group relating to (i) any
direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of 20% or more of the assets of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or 20% or more of any class of equity
securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any tender offer
or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any Person
beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of equity securities of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iii) any merger, consolidation,
business combination, sale of all or any substantial portion of the assets,
recapitalization, liquidation or a dissolution of, or similar transaction of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than the Offer or the Merger;
and "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" means a bona fide written Takeover Proposal made by a
third party to purchase at least a majority of the outstanding equity  
49  securities of the Company pursuant to a tender offer, exchange offer,
merger or other business combination (x) on terms which a majority of the
Company\'s Board of Directors determines in good faith (after consultation
with its financial advisor) to be superior to the Company and its
stockholders (in their capacity as stockholders) from a financial point of
view (taking into account, among other things, all legal, financial,
regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and identity of the offeror) as
compared to the transactions contemplated hereby and any alternative proposed
by Parent or Purchaser in accordance with Section 9.1(c) hereof and (y) which
is reasonably capable of being consummated.   (b) The Company agrees that,
except as set forth in Section 7.6(c), neither its Board of Directors nor any
committee thereof shall (i) approve or recommend, or, in the case of a
committee, propose to the Board of Directors to approve or recommend any
Takeover Proposal or (ii) approve, recommend or cause it to enter into any
letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other
similar agreement (each, an "ACQUISITION AGREEMENT") related to any Takeover
Proposal.   (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, prior to
the acceptance for payment of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the
Offer, the Company and/or its Board of Directors may take the actions
otherwise prohibited by Sections 7.6(a) and (b) if (i) a third party makes a
Superior Proposal, (ii) the Company complies with its obligations under
Section 7.6(d), (iii) all of the conditions to the Company\'s right to
terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1(c) hereof have been
satisfied (including expiration of the three (3) Business Day period
described therein and the payment of all amounts required pursuant to Section
9.3 hereof) and (iv) simultaneously therewith, this Agreement is terminated
in accordance with Section 9.1(c) hereof.   (d) The Company agrees that in
addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in paragraphs (a), (b)
and (c) of this Section 7.6, promptly after receipt thereof, the Company
shall advise Parent in writing of any request for information or any Takeover
Proposal, or any inquiry, discussions or negotiations with respect to any
Takeover Proposal, and the terms and conditions of such request, Takeover
Proposal, inquiry, discussions or negotiations, and the Company shall
promptly provide to Parent copies of any written materials received by the
Company in connection with any of the foregoing, and the identity of the
Person or group making any such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry or with
whom any discussions or negotiations are taking place. The Company agrees
that it shall simultaneously provide to Parent any non-public information
concerning the Company provided to any other Person or group in connection
with any Takeover Proposal which was not previously provided to Parent.  
50   (e) Parent agrees that nothing contained in this Section 7.6 shall
prohibit the Company from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a
position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the
Exchange Act with respect to any tender offer.   (f) The Company agrees
that immediately following the execution of this Agreement, it shall request
each Person who has heretofore executed a confidentiality agreement in
connection with such Person\'s consideration of acquiring the Company or any
portion thereof to return or destroy (which destruction shall be certified in
writing by an executive officer of such Person) all confidential information
heretofore furnished to such Person by or on its behalf.   Section 7.7
ANTITRUST LAWS. (a) Each party hereto shall (i) take promptly (but in no
event later than August 21, 2000) all actions necessary to make the filings
required of it or any of its Affiliates under any applicable Antitrust Laws
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, (ii) comply at the earliest practicable date with any formal or
informal request for additional information or documentary material received
by it or any of its Affiliates from any Antitrust Authority and (iii)
cooperate with one another in connection with any filing under applicable
Antitrust Laws and in connection with resolving any investigation or other
inquiry concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement initiated
by any Antitrust Authority.   (b) Each party hereto shall use its reasonable
best efforts to resolve such objections, if any, as may be asserted with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under any
Antitrust Law; PROVIDED HOWEVER, that the Company shall not, without the
prior written consent of Parent, commit to any divestiture transaction and
Parent shall not be required to divest or hold separate or otherwise take or
commence to take any action that, in the reasonable discretion of Parent,
materially limits its ability to conduct the business or its ability to
retain, the Company or any of its affiliates or any material portion of the
assets of the Company.   (c) Each party hereto shall promptly inform the
other parties of any material communication made to, or received by such
party from, any Antitrust Authority or any other Governmental Authority
regarding any of the transactions contemplated hereby.   (d) For purposes
of this Agreement, (i) "ANTITRUST AUTHORITIES" means the Federal Trade
Commission, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, the
attorneys general of the several states of the United States and any
other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby pursuant to applicable Antitrust Laws and
(ii) "ANTITRUST LAW" means the Sherman Act, as amended, the Clayton Act, as
amended, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, European
Antitrust Laws and all other federal, state and foreign statutes, rules,
regulations, orders, decrees, administrative and   51  judicial
doctrines, and other laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict
or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization
or restraint of trade.   Section 7.8 INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS\' AND
OFFICERS\' INSURANCE. (a) Parent, Purchaser and the Surviving Corporation
agree that all rights to indemnification existing in favor of the present or
former directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") as
provided in the Company\'s Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or the
certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or similar organizational
documents of any of the Subsidiaries as in effect as of the Effective Time
shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect for six
years after the Effective Time (without modification or amendment, except as
required by applicable law) in accordance with their terms, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, and shall be enforceable by the Indemnified Parties
against the Surviving Corporation.   (b) Purchaser shall cause to be
maintained in effect for not less than six years from the Effective Time the
current policies of the directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
maintained by the Company (provided that Purchaser may substitute therefor
polices of at least equivalent coverage containing terms and conditions which
are no less advantageous) with respect to matters occurring prior to the
Effective Time, provided that in no event shall Purchaser or the Surviving
Corporation be required to expend to maintain or procure insurance coverage
pursuant to this Section 7.8 any amount per annum in excess of U.S.$400,000.
In the event the payment of such amount for any year is insufficient to
maintain such insurance or equivalent coverage cannot otherwise be obtained,
the Surviving Corporation shall purchase as much insurance as may be
purchased for the amount indicated. The provisions of this Section 7.8
shall survive the consummation of the Merger and expressly are intended to
benefit each of the Indemnified Parties.   Section 7.9 PUBLIC
ANNOUNCEMENTS. The initial press release with respect to the execution of
this Agreement shall be a joint press release acceptable to Parent and the
Company. Thereafter, Parent and the Company shall consult with each other
before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statements
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and shall not
issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such
consultation and review by the other party of such release or
statement, except as may be required by law, court process or by obligations
pursuant to any listing agreement with a national securities exchange.  
52   Section 7.10 TRANSFER TAXES. The Company and Parent shall cooperate in
the preparation, execution and filing of all returns, questionnaires,
applications or other documents regarding any real property transfer or
gains, sales, use, transfer, value added, stock transfer and stamp taxes, any
transfer, recording, registration and other fees and any similar taxes which
become payable in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (together with any related interest, penalties or additions to tax,
"TRANSFER TAXES"). All Transfer Taxes shall be paid by the Company and
expressly shall not be a liability of any holder of the Company Common
Stock.   Section 7.11 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS. For a period of one year following
the Effective Time, Purchaser shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to, provide all of the employees of the Surviving Corporation and its
subsidiaries with employee benefit plans, programs, policies or arrangements
(the "PURCHASER BENEFIT PLANS") as are substantially equivalent, in the
aggregate, to those currently provided by the current Company Benefit Plans.
Except to the extent that benefits may be duplicated, each Purchaser Benefit
Plan shall give full credit for each employee\'s period of service with the
Company and its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time for all purposes for
which such service was recognized under the Company Benefit Plans prior to
the Effective Time, including, but not limited to, recognition of service for
vesting, amount of benefits, eligibility to participate, and eligibility for
disability and early retirement benefits (including subsidies relating to
such benefits) and full credit for deductibles satisfied under the benefit
plans toward any deductibles for the same period following the Effective
Time, and shall waive any pre-existing condition limitation for any Company
employee covered under any Company Benefit Plan immediately prior to the
Effective Time.   Section 7.12 OPTION TO ACQUIRE ADDITIONAL SHARES.   (a)
The Company hereby grants to Purchaser an irrevocable option (the "OPTION")
to purchase up to that number of newly issued shares of Company Common Stock
(the "OPTION SHARES") equal to the number of shares of Company Common Stock
that, when added to the number shares of Company Common Stock owned
by Parent, Purchaser and its Affiliates immediately following consummation of
the Offer, shall constitute one share more than 90% of the shares of Common
Company Stock then outstanding on a fully diluted basis (after giving effect
to the issuance of the Option Shares) for a consideration per Option Share
equal to the Offer Price.   (b) Such Option shall be exercisable only after
the purchase of and payment for shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to
the Offer by Parent or Purchaser as a result of which Parent and its
Affiliates own beneficially at least 85% of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock on a fully diluted basis. Such Option shall not be exercisable
if (i) the   53  number of shares of Company Common Stock subject thereto
exceeds the number of authorized shares of Company Common Stock available for
issuance, or (ii) the exercise of the Option would violate the applicable
rules of the Nasdaq National Market applicable to the Company.   (c) In the
event Purchaser wishes to exercise the Option, Purchaser shall give the
Company a one-day prior written notice of its exercise of the
Option specifying the number of shares of Company Common Stock that are or
will be owned by Parent, Purchaser and its Affiliates immediately following
consummation of the Offer and a place and a time (which may be concurrent
with the consummation of the Offer) for the closing of such purchase. The
Company shall, as soon as practicable following receipt of the notice,
deliver written notice to Purchaser specifying the number of Option Shares.
At the closing of the purchase of the Option Shares, the portion of the
purchase price owing upon exercise of such Option which equals the product of
(x) the number of shares of Company Common Stock purchased pursuant to such
Option multiplied by (y) the Offer Price shall be paid to the Company in cash
by wire transfer or cashier\'s check.   Section 7.13 ACTIONS REGARDING THE
RIGHTS. The Company shall not modify or waive, except as specifically
provided herein, the terms of its Rights Agreement, or take any action to
redeem the Rights, except in connection with its entering into an Acquisition
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.6(c).   Section 7.14 PARENT APPROVAL OF
INCREASE TO AUTHORIZED CAPITAL. Parent shall promptly (but in no event later
than August 25, 2000) obtain all requisite corporate and stockholder
approvals and waivers of preemptive rights to authorize an increase in the
authorized capital of Parent sufficient to enable the Parent to make the
Parent Equity Offering.   ARTICLE VIII  CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER  
Section 8.1 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY. The obligations of the
Company, Parent and Purchaser to consummate the Merger are subject to
the satisfaction of the following conditions:   (a) this Agreement shall
have been approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the stockholders of
the Company, if required by applicable law, in order to consummate the
Merger;   54   (b) no provision of any applicable law or regulation and no
judgment, injunction, order or decree of any Governmental Authority of
competent jurisdiction shall prohibit the consummation of the Merger; and  
(c) Purchaser shall have purchased shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to
the Offer; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that neither Parent nor Purchaser shall
be entitled to rely on the condition in this clause (c) if either of them
shall have failed to purchase shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the
Offer in breach of their obligations under this Agreement.   Section 8.2
CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND PURCHASER. The obligations of
Parent and Purchaser to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction
of the following further condition: that the Company shall have performed in
all material respects all of its obligations hereunder required to be
performed by it at or prior to the Effective Time.   Section 8.3 CONDITIONS
TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY. The obligations of the Company to
consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following
further condition: that Parent and Purchaser shall have performed in all
material respects all of their obligations hereunder required to be performed
by either of them at or prior to the Effective Time.   ARTICLE IX 
TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT   Section 9.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
the Company Shareholder Approval:   (a) by mutual written consent of Parent
and the Company; or   (b) by Parent:   (1) provided that neither Parent
nor Purchaser is in material breach  of its obligations under this Agreement,
if at any time prior to the  acceptance for payment of shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to the  Offer, the Company has breached in any material
respect any  representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained
in this  Agreement, which (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition
set  forth in clause (d) of Annex I, (ii) cannot be or has not been cured 
prior to the Termination Date and (iii) has not been waived by Parent 
pursuant to the provisions hereof;   55   (2) if at any time prior to the
acceptance for payment of shares of  Company Common Stock pursuant to the
Offer, (A) the Company, or its Board  of Directors, as the case may be, shall
have (w) entered into any  agreement with respect to any Takeover Proposal
other than the Offer or  the Merger or a confidentiality/standstill agreement
permitted under  Section 7.6, (x) amended, conditioned, qualified, withdrawn
or modified,  or, in the case of a committee, proposed to the Board of
Directors, or  resolved to do so, in a manner adverse to Parent or Purchaser,
its  approval and recommendation of the Offer, the Merger and this
Agreement,  or (y) approved or recommended, or, in the case of a committee,
proposed  to the Board of Directors, to approve or recommend, any Takeover
Proposal  other than the Offer or the Merger, or (B) the Company or the
Company\'s  Board of Directors or any committee thereof shall have resolved
to do any  of the foregoing; or   (3) if the Company breaches in any
material respect its obligations  under Section 7.6 or Section 9.1(c)
hereof;   (c) by the Company, if at any time prior to the acceptance for
payment of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer a Superior
Proposal is received by the Company and the Board of Directors of the Company
reasonably determines in good faith (after consultation with outside legal
counsel) that it is necessary to terminate this Agreement and enter into an
agreement to effect the Superior Proposal in order to comply with its
fiduciary duties under applicable law; PROVIDED that the Company may not
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(c) unless and until (i)
three (3) Business Days have elapsed following delivery to Parent of a
written notice of such determination by the Board of Directors of the Company
and during such three (3) Business Day period the Company has fully
cooperated with Parent, including, without limitation, informing Parent of
the terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal, and the identity of the
Person making such Superior Proposal, with the intent of enabling both
parties to agree to a modification of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby may be effected; (ii)
at the end of such three (3) Business Day period the Takeover Proposal
continues to constitute a Superior Proposal and the Board of Directors of the
Company confirms its determination (after consultation with outside legal
counsel) that it is necessary to terminate this Agreement and enter into an
agreement to effect the Superior Proposal to comply with its fiduciary duties
under applicable law; and (iii) (x) at or prior to such termination, Parent
has received all fees and Expenses set forth in Section 9.3 hereof by wire
transfer in immediately available funds and (y) immediately following such
termination the Company enters into a definitive acquisition, merger or
similar agreement to effect the Superior Proposal;   (d) by either Parent or
the Company:   56   (1) if the Offer has not been consummated on or before
November 15,  2000 (the "TERMINATION DATE"); PROVIDED that the right to
terminate this  Agreement pursuant to this clause shall not be available to
any party  whose failure to fulfill any material obligation of this Agreement
or  other material breach of this Agreement has been the cause of, or 
resulted in, the failure of the Offer to have been consummated on or  prior
to the aforesaid date; or   (2) if any court of competent jurisdiction or
any Governmental  Authority shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or
taken any other  action permanently restricting, enjoining, restraining or
otherwise  prohibiting acceptance for payment of, and payment for, shares of
Company  Common Stock pursuant to the Offer or consummation of the Merger and
such  order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and 
nonappealable; or   (e) by the Company, provided the Company is not in
material breach of its obligations under this Agreement, if Parent or
Purchaser shall have (x) failed to commence the Offer by August 21, 2000
after the public announcement by Parent and the Company of this Agreement,
(y) failed to pay for shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer in
accordance with Section 2.1 hereof, or (z) breached in any material respect
any of their respective representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements contained in this Agreement.   Section 9.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION.
In the event of termination of this Agreement by Parent or the Company, as
provided in Section 9.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there
shall be no liability hereunder on the part of the Company, Parent or
Purchaser or their respective officers or directors (except as set forth in
Section 7.2, this Section 9.2 and Sections 9.3, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.9,
10.11, 10.13 and 10.14, which shall survive the termination); PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that nothing contained in this Section 9.2 or in Section 9.3 shall
relieve any party hereto from any liability for any breach of this
Agreement.   Section 9.3 PAYMENT OF CERTAIN FEES. (a) If this Agreement is
terminated by Parent in accordance with Section 9.1(b)(1),
9.1(b)(2)(A)(w), 9.1(b)(2)(A)(y), 9.1(b)(2)(B) (unless related to a
resolution to take any of the actions set forth in Section 9.1(b)(2)(A)(x),
in which case Section 9.3(c) shall apply) or 9.1(b)(3) hereof or by the
Company pursuant to Section 9.1(c), then the Company shall (A) reimburse
Parent for all of its Expenses and (B) pay to Parent in immediately available
funds a termination fee in an amount equal to U.S.$7 million less Expenses
paid or payable by the Company (the "TERMINATION FEE").   (b) If this
Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section
9.1(d)(1) hereof due to a reason other than the conditions listed in sections
(a), (b), (f), (g), (h), (i)   57  or (j) of Annex I to this Agreement and
(x) a Takeover Proposal has been made and publicly announced or communicated
to the Company\'s stockholders after the date of this Agreement and prior to
the Termination Date and (y) concurrently with or within twelve (12) months
of the date of such termination a Third Party Acquisition Event occurs, then
the Company shall within one Business Day of the occurrence of such a Third
Party Acquisition Event (including any revisions or amendments thereto), if
any, pay to Parent the Termination Fee and reimburse Parent for all of its
Expenses.   "THIRD PARTY ACQUISITION EVENT" shall mean (i) the consummation
of a Takeover Proposal involving the purchase of a majority of either the
equity securities of the Company or of the consolidated assets of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or any such transaction that, if it
had been proposed prior to the termination of this Agreement would have
constituted a Takeover Proposal or (ii) the entering into by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries of a definitive agreement with respect to any such
transaction.   "EXPENSES" shall mean documented and reasonable out-of-pocket
fees and expenses up to a maximum aggregate amount of U.S.$3 million incurred
or paid in connection with the Merger or the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, but not limited to,
all filing fees, printing fees and reasonable fees and expenses of law firms,
commercial banks, investment banking firms, accountants, experts and
consultants.   (c) If this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant
to Section 9.1(b)(2)(A)(x), then (i) the Company shall (A) pay to Parent 50%
of the Termination Fee and (B) reimburse Parent for all of its Expenses and
(ii) if concurrently with or within 12 months after such termination a Third
Party Acquisition Event occurs, then the Company shall pay to Parent 50% of
the Termination Fee within one Business Day of the occurrence of such a Third
Party Acquisition Event (including any revisions or amendments thereto).  
(d) Any payment of the Termination Fee (and reimbursement of
Expenses) pursuant to this Section 9.3 shall be made within one Business Day
after termination of this Agreement (or as otherwise expressly set forth in
this Agreement) by wire transfer of immediately available funds. If either
party fails to pay to (or reimburse) the other party any fee or expense due
hereunder (including the Termination Fee), such party shall pay the costs and
expenses (including legal fees and expenses) in connection with any action,
including the filing of any lawsuit or other legal action, taken to collect
payment, together with interest on the amount of any unpaid fee and/or
expense at the publicly announced prime rate for leading money center banks
as published in THE WALL STREET JOURNAL from the date such fee was required
to be paid to the date it is paid.   58   (e) Parent and Purchaser agree
that the payment of the Termination Fee shall be the sole and exclusive
remedy for termination of this Agreement by the Parent and Purchaser pursuant
hereto.   ARTICLE X  MISCELLANEOUS   Section 10.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES. The respective representations and warranties of the Company, on
the one hand, and Parent and Purchaser, on the other hand, contained herein
or in any certificates or other documents delivered prior to or at the
Closing shall not be deemed waived or otherwise affected by any investigation
made by any party. Each and every such representation and warranty shall
expire with, and be terminated and extinguished by, the Closing and
thereafter none of the Company, Parent or Purchaser shall be under any
liability whatsoever with respect to any such representation or warranty.
This Section 10.1 shall have no effect upon any other obligation of the
parties hereto, whether to be performed before or after the Effective
Time.   Section 10.2 EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties hereto, by action taken by or on behalf of the respective
Boards of Directors of the Company (or, if required by Section 2.3, the
Continuing Directors), Parent or Purchaser, may (i) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties
hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein by any other applicable party or in any document,
certificate or writing delivered pursuant hereto by any other applicable
party or (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions
contained herein by the other parties hereto. Any agreement on the part of
any party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in
an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party.   Section 10.3
NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands, waivers and other communications
required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered in person or mailed,
certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, or sent by telex, telegram
or telecopier, as follows:   59   (a) if to the Company, to it at:  
EndoSonics Corporation  2870 Kilgore Road  Rancho Cordova, California
95670  Telecopy: (916) 638-7976  Attention: Chief Executive Officer   with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:   Latham and Watkins  505
Montgomery Street, Suite 1900  San Francisco, CA 94111  Telecopy: (415)
395-8095  Attention: John M. Newell, Esq.   (b) if to either Parent or
Purchaser, to it at:   JOMED N.V.  Drottninggatan 94  S-252 21
Heisingborg, Sweden  Telecopy: +46-42-490-6001  Attention: Chief Executive
Officer   in each case, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP  Four Times Square  New
York, New York 10036  Telecopy: 212-735-2000  Attention: Bertil Lundqvist,
Esq.   or to such other Person or address as any party shall specify by
notice in  writing to each of the other parties. All such notices, requests,
demands,  waivers and communications shall be deemed to have been received on
the date  of delivery unless if mailed, in which case on the third Business
Day after  the mailing thereof except for a notice of a change of address,
which shall  be effective only upon receipt thereof.   60   Section 10.4
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and the schedules and other documents
referred to herein or delivered pursuant hereto, collectively contain the
entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
contained herein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral
and written, with respect thereto.   Section 10.5 BINDING EFFECT; BENEFIT;
ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the parties hereto and, with respect to the provisions of Section 7.8 hereof,
shall inure to the benefit of the Persons or entities benefitting from the
provisions thereof who are intended to be third-party beneficiaries thereof
and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of
the other parties, except that Purchaser may assign and transfer its right
and obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates. Except as provided in the
immediately preceding sentence, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or
implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties hereto or
their respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights, remedies,
obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.   Section
10.6 AMENDMENT AND MODIFICATION. Subject to applicable law, this Agreement
may be amended, modified and supplemented in writing by the parties hereto in
any and all respects before the Effective Time (notwithstanding the Company
Shareholder Approval), by action taken by the respective Boards of Directors
of Parent, Purchaser and the Company (or, if required by Section 2.3, the
Continuing Directors) or by the respective officers authorized by such Boards
of Directors or the Continuing Directors, as the case may be;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that after the Company Shareholder Approval, no amendment
shall be made which by law requires further approval by the stockholders of
the Company without such further approval.   Section 10.7 FURTHER ACTIONS.
Each of the parties hereto agrees that, except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement and subject to its legal obligations and fiduciary duties, it will
use its reasonable best efforts to fulfill all conditions precedent specified
herein, to the extent that such conditions are within its control, and to do
all things reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.   Section 10.8 HEADINGS. The descriptive headings of the several
Articles and Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only, do
not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.   61   Section 10.9
ENFORCEMENT. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the
event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that the
parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law
or in equity. Each of the parties hereto (a) irrevocably and unconditionally
consents to submit to the jurisdiction of any federal court located in the
State of Delaware or any Delaware State court for the purpose of any action
arising out of or based upon this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement brought by any party hereto and for the
recognition and enforcement of any judgment rendered in respect thereof, and
(b) waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, as a defense, or
otherwise, in any such action, any claim that it is not subject to the
personal jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its assets or property
is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the action is brought
in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the action is improper, or that
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may not be
enforced in or by any of the above-named courts. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be
conclusive and may be enforced in The Netherlands, Switzerland, Sweden, or
any other jurisdiction by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided by law.   Section 10.10 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be
executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original, and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same
instrument.   Section 10.11 APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement and the legal
relations between the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
conflict of laws rules thereof.   Section 10.12 SEVERABILITY. If any term,
provision, covenant or restriction contained in this Agreement is held by a
court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void,
unenforceable or against its regulatory policy, the remainder of the terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions contained in this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or
invalidated.   Section 10.13 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each of the parties to
this Agreement hereby irrevocably waives all right to a trial by jury in any
action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.   62   Section 10.14
PARENT GUARANTEE. Parent hereby guarantees the due performance of any and all
obligations and liabilities of Purchaser under or arising out of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.   [SIGNATURE PAGE
FOLLOWS]   63   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of Parent, Purchaser and the
Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its officers thereunto
duly authorized, all as of the date first above written.    ~~   JOMED
N.V.   By: /s/ TOR PETERS  ----------------------------------------- 
Name: Tor Peters  Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   JOMED ACQUISITION
CORP.   By: /s/ TOR PETERS  ----------------------------------------- 
Name: Tor Peters  Title:   ENDOSONICS CORPORATION   By: /s/ REINHARD
WARNKING  -----------------------------------------  Name: Reinhard
Warnking  Title: CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE  OFFICER    ANNEX I  
CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER   Notwithstanding any other provision of the
Offer, but subject to compliance with Section 2.1(a) of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger dated as of August 5, 2000 among Parent, Purchaser and the
Company (the "MERGER AGREEMENT") (each defined term used herein shall have
the meaning assigned to such term in the Merger Agreement), Purchaser shall
not be required to accept for payment or pay for any shares of Company Common
Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer, and may terminate or amend the Offer in
accordance with the Merger Agreement, if prior to the expiration date of the
Offer, (i) the Minimum Condition shall not have been satisfied, or (ii) the
applicable waiting period under the HSR Act or any of the European Antitrust
Laws shall not have expired or been terminated or (iii) at any time on or
after the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to the expiration date of
the Offer, any of the following conditions exists:   (a) there shall have
been any action threatened or taken, or any statute, rule, regulation,
judgment, order or injunction promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted, issued
or deemed applicable to the Offer or the Merger by any domestic or foreign
Federal or state governmental regulatory or administrative agency
or authority or court or legislative body or commission which directly
or indirectly (l) prohibits, or imposes any material limitations, other
than limitations generally affecting the industries in which the Company and
Parent conduct their business, on, Parent\'s or Purchaser\'s ownership or
operation (or that of any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates) of
all or a material portion of the Company\'s businesses or assets as a whole,
or compels Parent or Purchaser or their respective Subsidiaries and
Affiliates to dispose of or hold separate any material portion of the
business or assets of the Company or Parent in each case taken as a whole,
(2) prohibits, or makes illegal, the acceptance for payment, payment for or
purchase of shares of Company Common Stock or the consummation of the Offer,
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement,
(3) results in the material delay in the ability of Purchaser, or renders
Purchaser unable, to accept for payment, pay for or purchase a material
amount of the shares of Company Common Stock, or (4) imposes material
limitations on the ability of Purchaser or Parent effectively to exercise
full rights of ownership of the shares of the Company Common Stock including,
without limitation, the right to vote the shares of the Company Common Stock
purchased by it on all matters properly presented to the Company\'s
stockholders; or   (b) there shall have occurred (1) any general suspension
of trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities in the Nasdaq National
Market System (excluding any coordinated trading halt triggered solely as a
result of a specified decrease in a market index) or a general suspension or
material limitation on trading on or by, as the case may be, the SWX Swiss
Exchange  (whether on the SWX New Market segment or otherwise) for a minimum
of three consecutive trading days, (2) a declaration of a banking moratorium
or any suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United States,
The Netherlands, Switzerland or Sweden (whether or not mandatory), (3)
a commencement or escalation of a war, armed hostilities or other
international or national calamity directly or indirectly involving the
United States, The Netherlands, Switzerland or Sweden which materially
adversely affects or delays the Offer, (4) any limitation (whether or not
mandatory) by any Governmental Authority on the extension of credit by banks
or other financial institutions in a manner which prohibits the extension of
funds to Parent or Purchaser or (5) in the case of any of the foregoing
existing at the time of the commencement of the Offer, a material
acceleration or worsening thereof; or   (c) any change shall have occurred
or been threatened (or any development shall have occurred or been threatened
involving a prospective change) in the business, assets, liabilities,
financial condition, capitalization, operations or results of operations of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is or is reasonably likely to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect;
or   (d) (1) the Company shall have breached or failed to perform in all
material respects any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement, (2) any
of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Merger
Agreement that are qualified by reference to a Company Material Adverse
Effect shall not be true when made or at any time prior to the consummation
of the Offer as if made at and as of such time (except for representations
and warranties which speak as of a particular date, shall not be true as of
such particular date), or (3) any of the representations and warranties of
the Company contained in the Merger Agreement that are not so qualified shall
not be true when made or at any time prior to the consummation of the Offer
as if made at and as of such time (except for representations and warranties
which speak as of a particular date, shall not be true as of such particular
date), except, in the case of clause (3) only, for such inaccuracies as are
not reasonably likely to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a
Company Material Adverse Effect; or   (e) the Company\'s Board of Directors
shall have withdrawn, or modified or changed in a manner adverse to Parent or
the Purchaser (including by amendment of the Schedule 14D-9) its
recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement, or the Merger, or
recommended another proposal or offer, or shall have resolved to do any of
the foregoing; or   (f) if on either of (i) the date of the execution of the
Purchase Agreement or (ii) on the first trading day immediately prior to the
closing date of the Purchase Agreement, as such date is defined in the
Purchase Agreement, the closing price of the Parent Ordinary Shares on the
SWX Swiss Exchange shall be less than (i) 42 Swiss Francs or (ii) one-half of
the closing  price of the Parent Ordinary Shares on the SWX Swiss Exchange
on the first trading day following the announcement of the Offer and the
Merger.   (g) All of the conditions for the closing of the Offer shall not
have been satisfied in the reasonable judgment of the Global Coordinator for
the Parent Equity Offering.   (h) The Global Coordinator for the Parent
Equity Offering shall not have received on or by the closing for the Parent
Equity Offering the opinions of counsel and letters from accountants
specified in the Purchase Agreement.   (i) The SWX Swiss Exchange shall not
have approved the Parent Ordinary Shares to be issued in the Parent Equity
Offering for listing on the SWX New Market of the SWX Swiss Exchange or,
prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement, an order suspending the public
offering of the shares shall have been issued or proceedings for any such
purpose shall have been instituted or contemplated by the SWX Swiss Exchange
or any other governmental or self-regulatory agency or body.   (j) The
Purchase Agreement for the Parent Equity Offering shall have been terminated
by the Global Coordinator as a result of (i) the occurrence of condition (f)
as set forth above, (ii) trading generally shall have been suspended or
materially limited on or by, as the case may be, the SWX Swiss Exchange
(whether on the SWX New Market segment or otherwise), (iii) a
general moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared
by authorities in either Switzerland or the Netherlands, (iv) there shall
have occurred a general crisis in international exchange markets or (v) there
shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or any change
in financial markets or any calamity or crisis, whether or not foreseeable,
that, in the judgment of the Global Coordinator, is material and adverse and,
in the case of any of the foregoing events, such event, singly or together
with any other such event, makes it, in the judgment of the Global
Coordinator after consultation with the Parent, impracticable to market the
Parent Ordinary Shares as contemplated through the Parent Equity
Offering.   (k) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in
accordance with its terms;  which in the reasonable judgment of Parent or
Purchaser but subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, in any such
case, and regardless of the circumstances (including any action or inaction
by Parent or Purchaser) giving rise to such conditions makes it inadvisable
to proceed with the Offer and/or with such acceptance for payment of or
payments for shares of Company Common Stock.   Subject to the provisions of
the Merger Agreement, the foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of
Parent and Purchaser and may be asserted by Purchaser or, subject to the
terms of the Merger Agreement may be waived by Parent or Purchaser, in whole
or in part at any time and from time to time in the sole discretion of Parent
or Purchaser. The failure by Parent or Purchaser at any time to exercise any
of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right and
each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted at any
time and from time to time.   '

