ENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------         
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   dated as of January 22, 2001   by and
between   CHARTER ONE FINANCIAL, INC.   CHARTER MICHIGAN BANCORP, INC.  
and   ALLIANCE
BANCORP            --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
1       TABLE OF CONTENTS   Tab    ARTICLE I  CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS  1.01 Certain
Definitions...................................................1   ARTICLE
II  THE TRANSACTION  2.01 The Company
Merger....................................................8 2.02 Bank
Merger...........................................................9 2.03
Effective Date and Effective Time.....................................9  
ARTICLE III  CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE PROCEDURES  3.01 Merger
Consideration..................................................9 3.02 Rights
as Alliance Shareholders; Stock Transfers.....................10 3.03
Fractional Shares....................................................10 3.04
Exchange Procedures..................................................10 3.05
Anti-Dilution Provisions.............................................12 3.06
Dissenting Shares....................................................12 3.07
Alliance Stock Options...............................................13  
ARTICLE IV  ACTIONS PENDING TRANSACTION  4.01 Forbearances of
Alliance.............................................14 4.02 Forbearances of
COFI.................................................18   ARTICLE V 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  5.01 Disclosure
Schedules.................................................19 5.02
Standard.............................................................19 5.03
Representations and Warranties of Alliance...........................19 5.04
Representations and Warranties of
COFI...............................31       1        ARTICLE VI 
COVENANTS  6.01 Reasonable Best
Efforts..............................................37 6.02 Alliance
Shareholder Approval........................................37 6.03
Registration Statement...............................................37 6.04
Press Releases.......................................................38 6.05
Access; Information..................................................39 6.06
Acquisition Proposal.................................................40 6.07
Affiliate Agreements.................................................40 6.08
Takeover Laws........................................................41 6.09
Conforming Entries...................................................41 6.10
Systems Integration..................................................41 6.11
Listing..............................................................42 6.12
Regulatory Applications..............................................42 6.13
Officers\' and Directors\' Insurance;
Indemnification..................42 6.14 Benefit
Plans........................................................44 6.15 Senior
Officer Employment and Senior Officer Executive Agreements;  Change in
Control Agreements; SERP; Deferred Compensation Plans;  Grantor
Trust........................................................45 6.16 Alliance
General Severance Plan......................................47 6.17 Advisory
Board Membership............................................48 6.18 COFI
Liquidated Damages..............................................48 6.19
Notification of Certain Matters......................................48  
ARTICLE VII  CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE COMPANY MERGER  7.01
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Company Merger...49 7.02
Conditions to Obligation of Alliance.................................50 7.03
Conditions to Obligation of COFI and Charter Michigan................50  
ARTICLE VIII  TERMINATION  8.01
Termination..........................................................52 8.02
Effect of Termination and Abandonment................................53  
ARTICLE IX  MISCELLANEOUS  9.01
Survival.............................................................53 9.02
Waiver;
Amendment....................................................53    
ii      9.03
Counterparts.........................................................53 9.04
Governing Law........................................................53 9.05
Expenses.............................................................53 9.06
Notices..............................................................54 9.07
Entire Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries...................55 9.08
Interpretation;
Effect...............................................55     LIST OF
EXHIBITS  EXHIBIT A Form of Stock Option Agreement EXHIBIT B Form of
Support Agreement EXHIBIT C Form of Subsidiary Plan of Merger EXHIBIT D Form
of Alliance Affiliate Agreement EXHIBIT E Form of COFI Employment Agreement
with Fredric G. Novy EXHIBIT F Form of COFI Employment Agreement with Kenne
P. Bristol EXHIBIT G Form of Alliance General Severance Plan     
ii       AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of January 22, 2001
(this "Agreement"), by and between Charter One Financial, Inc. ("COFI"),
Charter Michigan Bancorp, Inc., a wholly-owned first-tier Subsidiary of COFI
("Charter Michigan") and Alliance Bancorp ("Alliance").   RECITALS   A.
COFI. COFI is a Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business
in Cleveland, Ohio.   B. Charter Michigan. Charter Michigan is a Michigan
corporation, having its principal place of business in Dearborn,
Michigan.   C. Alliance. Alliance is a Delaware corporation, having
its principal place of business in Hinsdale, Illinois.   D. Stock Option
Agreement. As an inducement to the willingness of COFI to enter into this
Agreement , Alliance has agreed to grant to COFI on the date hereof an option
pursuant to a stock option agreement ("Stock Option Agreement"), in the form
of Exhibit A.   E. Support Agreements. As a further inducement to the
willingness of COFI to enter into this Agreement, each director and executive
officer of Alliance has agreed to enter into a support agreement with COFI
(each a "Support Agreement") on the date hereof, in the form of Exhibit
B.   F. Intentions of the Parties. It is the intention of the parties
that the combination of Alliance and Charter Michigan be accounted for under
the "purchase method of accounting" and that each of the business
combinations contemplated herein be treated as a "reorganization" under
Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code").   G. Board Action. The Board of Directors of each of the parties
has determined that it is in the best interests of their respective companies
and their shareholders to the consummate business combinations contemplated
herein.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the
mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained herein
the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS   1.01
Certain Definitions. The following terms are used in this Agreement with the
meanings set forth below:  4      "Acquisition Proposal" means a
proposal to engage in, or a public announcement to engage in, or a filing
with the SEC or any Regulatory Authority with respect to, any of the
following: (a) a merger, consolidation or any similar transaction involving
Alliance or Liberty Federal (other than the Transactions), (b) a purchase,
lease or other acquisition of all or a substantial portion of the assets of
Alliance or Liberty Federal, (c) a purchase or other acquisition of
"beneficial ownership" by any "person" or "group" (as such terms are defined
in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (including by way of merger,
consolidation, share exchange, or otherwise) which would cause such person or
group to become the beneficial owner of securities representing more than 15%
of the voting power of Alliance, (d) a tender or exchange offer to acquire
securities representing more than 19.9% of the voting power of Alliance or
(e) a public proxy or consent solicitation made to the shareholders
of Alliance seeking proxies in opposition to this Agreement or the Company
Merger.   "Administrator" means the chief officer of the Michigan Department
of Commerce.   "Agreement" means this Agreement, as amended or modified
from time to time in accordance with Section 9.02.   "Alliance" has the
meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Alliance Affiliate"
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.07(a).   "Alliance Arrangements" has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.14(a).   "Alliance Board" means the Board
of Directors of Alliance.   "Alliance By-Laws" means the Bylaws of
Alliance.   "Alliance Certificate" means the Certificate of Incorporation of
Alliance.   "Alliance Common Stock" means the common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of Alliance.   "Alliance Grantor Trust" means the Alliance and
Liberty Federal Trust for the Alliance SERP and the Liberty Federal Deferred
Compensation Plans dated June 15, 1998.   "Alliance Meeting" has the
meaning set forth in Section 6.02.   "Alliance Preferred Stock" means the
preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Alliance.   "Alliance Senior
Officer Employment Agreements" means the employment agreements between
Liberty Federal, Alliance, as guarantor, and each of Fredric G. Novy and
Kenne P. Bristol dated April 16, 1998.      2       "Alliance
Senior Officer Executive Agreements" means the Alliance executive agreements
between Alliance and each of Fredric G. Novy and Kenne P. Bristol dated April
16, 1998, as amended on January 18, 2001, respectively.   "Alliance SERP"
means the Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Agreement entered into by
Alliance and Liberty Federal, dated April 16, 1998.   "Alliance Stock"
means, collectively, Alliance Common Stock and Alliance Preferred Stock.  
"Alliance Stock Option" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.07(a).  
"Alliance Stock Option Exchange Ratio" means .7200 plus a decimal amount (not
to exceed four digits) determined by dividing $5.25 by the average
closing sale price of a share of COFI Common Stock on the NYSE for the 10
trading days immediately preceding the Effective Date (as reported in The
Wall Street Journal or, if not reported therein, in another authoritative
source).   "Alliance Stock Plans" means the stock option plans disclosed
pursuant to Section 5.03(m) of Alliance\'s Disclosure Schedule.   "Bank
Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.   "Burns Employment
Agreement" means that certain Employment Agreement between Alliance and
Edward J. Burns dated February 10, 1997, as amended pursuant to a written
amendment dated January 18, 2001.   "Cash Consideration" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.01(a).   "Charter" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.13(b).   "Charter Michigan" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to
this Agreement.   "Charter Michigan Board" means the Board of Directors of
Charter Michigan.   "Charter One Bank" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.02.   "Code" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals to this
Agreement.   "COFI" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
Agreement.   "COFI Board" means the Board of Directors of COFI.   "COFI
Common Stock" means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of COFI.      3       "COFI Rights Agreement" means that certain
Rights Agreement between COFI and The First National Bank of Boston, as
Rights Agent, dated November 20, 1989, as amended and restated on October 20,
1999.   "Commissioner" means the Illinois Commissioner of Banks and Real
Estate.   "Company Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a).  
"Compensation and Benefit Plans" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.03(m).   "Continuing Employees" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.14(c).   "Delaware Secretary" means the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware.   "DGCL" means the Delaware General Corporation Law.  
"Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.  
"Dissenting Shares" means any shares of Alliance Common Stock whose
holder becomes entitled to the fair value of such shares under the DGCL.  
"DOJ" means the United States Department of Justice.   "DOL" means the
United States Department of Labor.   "Effective Date" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.03.   "Effective Time" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.03.   "Environmental Laws" means any federal, state or local law,
statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, license, permit, authorization,
approval, consent, order, judgment, decree, injunction or agreement with any
Governmental Authority relating to (a) the protection, preservation or
restoration of the environment (including, without limitation, air, water
vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, surface soil,
subsurface soil, plant and animal life or any other natural resource), and/or
(b) the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation,
processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of Materials
of Environmental Concern. The term Environmental Law includes without
limitation (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. ss.9601, et seq; the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. ss.6901, et seq; the
Clean Air Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. ss.7401, et seq; the Federal Water
Pollution Control Act, as amended, 33 U.S.C. ss.1251, et seq; the Toxic
Substances Control Act, as amended, 15 U.S.C. ss.9601, et seq; the Emergency
Planning and Community Right to Know Act, 42 U.S.C. ss.1101, et seq; the Safe
Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. ss.300f, et seq; and all comparable state and
local laws, and (ii) any common law (including without limitation common law
that may impose strict liability) that may impose liability or obligations
for injuries or damages due to, or threatened as a result of, the presence of
or exposure to any Materials of Environmental Concern.    4     "ERISA"
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  
"ERISA Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m).   "ERISA
Affiliate Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m).   "Exchange
Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder.   "Exchange Agent" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.04(a).   "Exchange Fund" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.04(a).   "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.   "FRB"
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   "Governmental
Authority" means any court, administrative agency or commission or other
federal, state or local governmental authority or instrumentality.  
"Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.13(c).  
"Insurance Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.13(a).   "IRS"
means the Internal Revenue Service.   "Liberty Federal" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.02.   "Liberty Federal Change in Control Agreements"
means the 16 Special Termination Agreements between Liberty Federal and
certain of its employees, each dated January 10, 2001, as disclosed pursuant
to Section 5.03(m) of the Alliance Disclosure Schedule.   "Liberty Federal
Deferred Compensation Plans" means the Director Deferred Compensation Plan
and Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of Liberty Federal, each dated April
16, 1998.   "Lien" means any charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest,
restriction, claim, lien, or encumbrance.   "Material Adverse Effect"
means, with respect to COFI or Alliance, any effect that (i) is material and
adverse to the financial position, results of operations, business, or
operations of COFI and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or Alliance and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, respectively, or (ii)    
5      would materially impair the ability of COFI, Charter Michigan or
Alliance to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Stock Option
Agreement, or otherwise materially impede the consummation of the
Transactions; provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect shall not be
deemed to include the impact of (a) changes in thrift, banking and similar
laws of general applicability or interpretations thereof by courts or
governmental authorities, or other changes affecting depository institutions
generally, including changes in general economic conditions and changes in
prevailing interest and deposit rates, (b) changes in generally accepted
accounting principles or regulatory accounting requirements applicable to
thrifts, banks and their holding companies generally, (c) any modifications
or changes to valuation policies and practices or restructuring charges, in
each case taken pursuant to this Agreement by any of the parties hereto or
their respective Subsidiaries or otherwise by COFI or its Subsidiaries in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, (d) changes
resulting from transaction expenses (legal, accounting and
investment bankers\' fees only) incurred in connection with this Agreement,
(e) additional accruals under the Alliance SERP in accordance with Section
6.15(c), and (f) actions or omissions of COFI or Alliance taken with the
prior written consent of the other party in contemplation of the
Transactions.   "Materials of Environmental Concern" means pollutants,
contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, petroleum, petroleum products and any
other materials regulated under Environmental Laws.   "MBCA" means the
Michigan Business Corporation Act.   "Merger Consideration" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.01(a).   "NASDAQ" means The Nasdaq National
Market.   "New Certificates" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.04(a).   "NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.   "Old
Certificates" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.04(a).   "OTS" means
the Office of Thrift Supervision.   "Pension Plan" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.03(m).   "Person" means any individual, bank, corporation,
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association, joint-
stock company, business trust or unincorporated organization.   "Previously
Disclosed" means information set forth in the Disclosure Schedule of a
party.   "Proxy Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03.  
"Registration Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03.    
6        "Regulatory Authority" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(i).   "Representatives" means, with respect to any Person, such
Person\'s directors, officers, employees, accountants, legal or financial
advisors or any representatives of such legal or financial advisors.  
"Rights" means, with respect to any Person, securities or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving
any person any right to subscribe for or acquire, or any options, calls or
commitments relating to, or any stock appreciation right or other instrument
the value of which is determined in whole or in part by reference to the
market price or value of, shares of capital stock or other equity interests
of such Person.   "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
"SEC Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(g).   "Securities
Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder.   "Specified Representations" has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.02.   "Stock Consideration" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.01(a).   "Stock Option Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the
Recitals to this Agreement.   "Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to it
in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.   "Support Agreement" has the
meaning set forth in the Recitals to this Agreement.   "Surviving
Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.   "Takeover Laws"
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(o).   "Tax" and "Taxes" means all
federal, state, local or foreign taxes, charges, fees, levies or other
assessments, however denominated, including, without limitation, all net
income, gross income, gains, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, goods
and services, capital, production, transfer, franchise, windfall profits,
license, withholding, payroll, employment, disability, employer health,
excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property, environmental,
unemployment or other taxes, custom duties, fees, assessments or charges of
any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions
to tax or additional amounts, in each case imposed by any taxing
or Governmental Authority whether arising before, on or after the Effective
Date.      7       "Tax Returns" means any return, amended return
or other report (including elections, declarations, disclosures, schedules,
estimates and information returns) required to be filed with any Governmental
Authority with respect to any Tax.   "Transactions" means the Company
Merger and the Bank Merger.   "Treasury Stock" means shares of Alliance
Stock held by Alliance or any of its Subsidiaries or by COFI or any of its
Subsidiaries, in each case other than in a fiduciary capacity or as a result
of debts previously contracted in good faith.   "Webber Consultant
Agreement" means that certain Restated Consultant Agreement between Alliance
and Richard E. Webber dated June 30, 1998.   ARTICLE II   THE
TRANSACTIONS   2.01 The Company Merger.   (a) Company Merger. At the
Effective Time, Alliance shall  merge with and into Charter Michigan (the
"Company Merger"), the  separate corporate existence of Alliance shall cease
and Charter  Michigan shall survive and continue to exist as a Michigan
corporation  (Charter Michigan, as the surviving corporation in the Company
Merger  is sometimes referred to herein as the "Surviving Corporation").  
(b) Corporate Law Filings. Subject to the satisfaction or  waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VII, the Company Merger  shall become
effective upon the occurrence of the filing in the office  of the Delaware
Secretary of a certificate of merger in accordance with  Section 252 of the
DGCL and the filing in the office of and endorsement  by the Administrator of
a certificate of merger in accordance with  Section 735 of the MBCA or such
later date and time as may be set forth  in such certificates of merger.  
(c) Effects of Company Merger. The Company Merger shall have  the effects
prescribed in the DGCL and the MBCA, including but not  limited to, Charter
Michigan, as the Surviving Corporation, thereupon  and thereafter possessing
all of the rights, privileges, immunities and  franchises, of a public as
well as of a private nature, of each of the  corporations so merged and
Charter Michigan, as the Surviving  Corporation, becoming responsible and
liable for all the liabilities,  obligations and penalties of each of the
corporations so merged. All  rights of creditors and obligors and all Liens
on the property of each  of Alliance and Charter Michigan shall be preserved
unimpaired.   (d) Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of Surviving 
Corporation. The Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of Charter  Michigan,
as the Surviving Corporation, immediately after the Company  Merger shall be
those of Charter Michigan as in effect immediately  prior to the Effective
Time.     8       (e) Directors and Officers of the Surviving
Corporation. The  directors and officers of Charter Michigan, as the
Surviving  Corporation, immediately after the Company Merger shall be the 
directors and officers of Charter Michigan immediately prior to the 
Effective Time, until such time as their successors shall be duly  elected
and qualified.   (f) Service of Process. At and after the Effective Time, 
Charter Michigan, as the Surviving Corporation, consents to be sued and 
served with process in the State of Delaware and irrevocably appoints  the
Delaware Secretary as its agent to accept service of process in any 
proceeding in the State of Delaware to enforce against it any  obligation of
Alliance.   (g) Principal Office. The location of the principal office of 
Charter Michigan, as the Surviving Corporation, in the State of  Michigan is
13606 Michigan Avenue, 2nd Floor, Dearborn, Michigan 48126.   (h) Plan of
Merger. At the reasonable request of any party,  COFI, Charter Michigan and
Alliance shall enter into a separate plan of  merger reflecting the terms of
the Company Merger for purposes of any  state law filing requirement.  
2.02 Bank Merger. As soon as practicable at or after the Effective Time,
unless otherwise determined by COFI, Liberty Federal Bank, a
federally chartered savings bank and wholly owned Subsidiary of Alliance
("Liberty Federal"), shall be merged with and into Charter One Bank, F.S.B.,
a federally chartered savings bank and wholly-owned Subsidiary of Charter
Michigan ("Charter One Bank"). Such merger is sometimes referred to herein as
the "Bank Merger". The Bank Merger shall be implemented pursuant to the
Subsidiary Plan of Merger, in substantially the form of Exhibit C. In order
to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for the Bank Merger, the parties
shall cause the following to be accomplished prior to the filing of
applications for regulatory approval: (a) Alliance shall cause the Board of
Directors of Liberty Federal to approve the Subsidiary Plan of Merger,
Alliance as the sole shareholder of Liberty Federal shall approve the
Subsidiary Plan of Merger, and Alliance shall cause the Subsidiary Plan of
Merger to be duly executed by Liberty Federal and delivered to COFI; and (b)
Charter Michigan shall cause the Board of Directors of Charter One Bank to
approve the Subsidiary Plan of Merger, Charter Michigan as the sole
shareholder of Charter One Bank shall approve the Subsidiary Plan of Merger,
and Charter Michigan shall cause the Subsidiary Plan of Merger to be duly
executed by Charter One Bank and delivered to Alliance. At the request
of COFI, Alliance shall cause Liberty Federal, and Charter Michigan shall
cause Charter One Bank, to execute articles of combination to make effective
the Bank Merger and cause such articles to be timely and appropriately filed
and endorsed by the OTS so that the Bank Merger shall become effective at or
as soon as practicable after the Effective Time.   2.03 Effective Date and
Effective Time. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set
forth in Article VII, the parties shall cause the effective date of the
Company Merger (the "Effective Date") to occur on (i) the fifth business day
to occur after the last of the conditions set forth in Article VII to be
satisfied prior to the Effective Date shall have been satisfied or waived in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement (or, at the election of COFI by
written notice to Alliance not later than two business days after the last
such condition in Article VII is satisfied, on the last business day of the
month in which such fifth business day occurs) or (ii) such other date to
which the parties may agree in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Effective Date shall not occur prior to July 1, 2001 without the
prior written consent of COFI. The time on the Effective Date when the
Company Merger becomes effective is referred to as the "Effective
Time."     9         ARTICLE III   CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE
PROCEDURES   3.01 Merger Consideration. Subject to the provisions of
this Agreement, at the Effective Time, automatically by virtue of the Company
Merger and without any action on the part of any Person:   (a) Outstanding
Alliance Common Stock. Each share, excluding  Treasury Stock and Dissenting
Shares, of Alliance Common Stock issued  and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall become  and be converted into, subject to Sections
3.03 and 3.05 hereof, .72 of  a share of COFI Common Stock (the "Stock
Consideration"), including the  corresponding number of Rights associated
with the COFI Common Stock  pursuant to the COFI Rights Agreement, plus $5.25
in cash (the "Cash  Consideration"). The Stock Consideration and Cash
Consideration are  sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Merger 
Consideration". The Stock Consideration shall be subject to adjustment  as
set forth in Section 3.05.   (b) Treasury Stock. Each share of Alliance
Common Stock held  as Treasury Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be  canceled and retired at the Effective Time, and no consideration
shall  be issued in exchange therefor.  .  (c) Charter Michigan Common
Stock. Each share of Charter  Michigan common stock issued and outstanding or
held in treasury  immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain issued
and  outstanding or held in treasury and continue to be an identical issued 
and outstanding or treasury share of Charter Michigan common stock  after the
Effective Time.   (d) COFI Common Stock. Each share of COFI Common Stock
issued  and outstanding or held in treasury immediately prior to the
Effective  Time shall remain issued and outstanding or held in treasury and
shall  be unaffected by the Company Merger.   3.02 Rights as Alliance
Shareholders; Stock Transfers. At the Effective Time, holders of Alliance
Stock shall cease to be, and shall have no rights as, shareholders of
Alliance, other than to receive any dividend or other distribution with
respect to such Alliance Common Stock permitted under this Agreement with a
record date occurring prior to the Effective Date and the Merger
Consideration under this Article III. After the Effective Time, there shall
be no transfers on the stock transfer books of Alliance or the
Surviving Corporation of shares of Alliance Stock.   3.03 Fractional
Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, no fractional shares of
COFI Common Stock and no certificates or scrip therefor, or other evidence of
ownership thereof, will be issued in the Company Merger; instead, COFI shall
pay to each holder of Alliance Common     10      Stock who would
otherwise be entitled to a fractional share of COFI Common Stock (after
taking into account all Old Certificates delivered by such holder) an amount
in cash (without interest) determined by multiplying such fraction by
the closing sale price of COFI Common Stock, on the NYSE (as reported in The
Wall Street Journal or, if not reported therein, in another authoritative
source), for the last trading day immediately preceding the Effective
Date.   3.04 Exchange Procedures.   (a) Deposit of New Certificates and
Cash Consideration, Etc.  At the Effective Time or upon the request of the
independent exchange  agent selected by COFI who shall be reasonably
acceptable to Alliance  (the "Exchange Agent"), COFI shall deposit or shall
cause to be  deposited with the Exchange Agent for the benefit of the holders
of  certificates formerly representing shares of Alliance Common Stock 
other than certificates representing Treasury Stock and Dissenting  Shares
("Old Certificates"), for exchange in accordance with this  Article III, (i)
certificates representing shares of COFI Common Stock  ("New Certificates")
for the aggregate Stock Consideration without any  interest thereon, (ii) the
aggregate Cash Consideration without any  interest thereon, (iii) an
estimated amount of cash for fractional  share interests without any interest
thereon, plus (iv) any dividends  or distributions with a record date
occurring after the Effective Date  with respect to New Certificates that are
being held by the Exchange  Agent for exchange against Old Certificates
(without any interest  thereon) (the "Exchange Fund").   (b) Transmittal
and Deliveries. As promptly as practicable  after the Effective Date, but not
later than 10 business days  thereafter, COFI shall send or cause to be sent
to each former holder  of record of Old Certificates transmittal materials
(which shall  specify that risk of loss and title to Old Certificates shall
pass only  upon acceptance of such Old Certificates by COFI or the Exchange
Agent)  for use in exchanging such shareholder\'s Old Certificates for the 
Merger Consideration. Upon delivery to the Exchange Agent of Old 
Certificates representing shares of Alliance Common Stock (or indemnity 
reasonably satisfactory to COFI and the Exchange Agent, if any of such 
certificates are lost, stolen or destroyed) owned by such shareholder,  the
Exchange Agent shall deliver to such shareholder New Certificates  for the
Stock Consideration, a check for the Cash Consideration and any  cash in lieu
of a fractional share interest, and any dividends or  distributions such
shareholder is entitled to receive with respect to  such New Certificates, if
any. No interest will be paid on the Merger  Consideration, any cash in lieu
of a fractional share interest or in  respect of dividends or distributions
which any such Person shall be  entitled to receive pursuant to this Article
III. Old Certificates  surrendered for exchange by any Person identified by
Alliance pursuant  to Section 6.07 as an Alliance Affiliate shall not be
exchanged for New  Certificates representing COFI Common Stock until COFI has
received a  written agreement from such Person as specified in Section 6.07.
COFI  and the Exchange Agent shall be entitled to rely upon the stock 
transfer books of Alliance to establish the identity of those Persons 
entitled to receive the Merger Consideration, which books shall be 
conclusive with respect thereto. In the event of a dispute with respect  to
ownership of stock represented by any Old Certificate, COFI or the  Exchange
Agent shall be entitled to deposit any consideration in     11      
respect thereof in escrow with an independent third party and  thereafter be
relieved with respect to any claims thereto.   (c) Escheat. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, neither the  Exchange Agent nor any party hereto shall be
liable to any former  holder of Alliance Stock for any amount properly
delivered to a public  official pursuant to applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar  laws.   (d) Restrictions on the Payment of Dividends.
No dividends or  other distributions with respect to COFI Common Stock to be
issued as  Stock Consideration in the Company Merger with a record date
occurring  after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any 
unsurrendered Old Certificates until the holder thereof shall be  entitled to
receive New Certificates in exchange therefor in accordance  with the
procedures set forth in this Section 3.04. After becoming so  entitled in
accordance with this Section 3.04, the record holder  thereof shall be
entitled to receive any such dividends or other  distributions, without any
interest thereon, which theretofor had  become payable with respect to shares
of COFI Common Stock such holder  had the right to receive upon surrender of
the Old Certificates.  Registered holders of unsurrendered Old Certificates
shall be entitled  to vote after the Effective Time at any meeting of COFI
shareholders  with a record date after the Effective Time the number of whole
shares  of COFI Common Stock represented by such Old Certificates (i.e.,
the  portion of the Stock Consideration represented by the Old 
Certificates), regardless of whether such holders have exchanged their  Old
Certificates.   (e) Return of Exchange Fund to COFI. Any portion of the 
Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the shareholders of Alliance  for
twelve months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to COFI.  Any
shareholder of Alliance who has not theretofor complied with this  Article
III shall thereafter look only to COFI for payment of the  Merger
Consideration, cash in lieu of any fractional share and unpaid  dividends and
distributions on COFI Common Stock deliverable in respect  of shares of
Alliance Common Stock such shareholder holds as determined  pursuant to this
Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon.   3.05 Anti-Dilution
Provisions. In the event COFI changes (or establishes a record date for
changing) the number of shares of COFI Common Stock issued and outstanding on
or prior to the Effective Date as a result of a stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to the outstanding COFI
Common Stock and the record date therefor shall be after the date hereof and
on or prior to the Effective Date, the Stock Consideration shall be
proportionately adjusted.   3.06 Dissenting Shares   (a) Any holders of
Dissenting Shares shall be entitled to  payment for such shares only to the
extent permitted by and in  accordance with the DGCL; provided, however, that
if any holder of  Dissenting Shares shall forfeit such right to payment, such
shares  shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted into and to have 
become exchangeable for, as     12       of the Effective Time, the
right to receive the Merger Consideration  from COFI without interest.
Dissenting Shares shall not, after the  Effective Time, be entitled to vote
for any purpose or receive any  dividends or other distributions and shall be
entitled only to such  rights as are afforded in respect of Dissenting Shares
pursuant to the  DGCL.   (b) Alliance shall give COFI (i) prompt notice of
any written  objections to the Company Merger and any written demands for
the  payment of the fair value of any shares, withdrawals of such demands, 
and any other instruments served upon or received by Alliance pursuant  to
Section 262 of the DGCL and (ii) the opportunity to participate in  all
negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands under the  DGCL.
Alliance shall not voluntarily make any payment with respect to  any demands
for payment of fair value and shall not, except with the  prior written
consent of COFI or Charter Michigan, settle or offer to  settle any such
demands.       13       3.07 Alliance Stock Options.   (a)
Conversion. At the Effective Time, each option outstanding  on the date of
this Agreement to purchase shares of Alliance Common  Stock under the
Alliance Stock Plans (each, a "Alliance Stock Option")  and remaining
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time  shall, at the Effective
Time, be assumed by COFI and each such Alliance  Stock Option shall continue
to be outstanding, but shall represent an  option to purchase shares of COFI
Common Stock in an amount and at an  exercise price determined as provided
below (and otherwise subject to  the terms of the applicable Alliance Stock
Plan and stock option  agreement pursuant to which the Alliance Stock Option
was granted):   (i) the number of shares of COFI Common Stock to be 
subject to the continuing Alliance Stock Option shall be equal  to the
product of the number of shares of Alliance Common  Stock subject to the
Alliance Stock Option immediately prior  to the Effective Time and the
Alliance Stock Option Exchange  Ratio, provided that any fractional share of
COFI Common Stock  resulting from such multiplication shall be rounded down
to  the nearest whole share; and   (ii) the exercise price per share of
COFI Common  Stock under the continuing Alliance Stock Option shall be 
equal to the exercise price per share of Alliance Common Stock  under the
Alliance Stock Option immediately prior to the  Effective Time divided by the
Alliance Stock Option Exchange  Ratio, provided that such exercise price
shall be rounded down  to the nearest cent.   To the extent permitted by
law, it is intended that the  foregoing assumption shall be undertaken
consistent with and in a  manner that will not constitute a "modification"
under Section 424 of  the Code as to any Alliance Stock Option which is an
"incentive stock  option". COFI does hereby agree and acknowledge, consistent
with  Alliance\'s Board interpretation and understanding of the Alliance
Stock  Option Plans, that a continuing Alliance Stock Option, to the extent 
vested on the date of termination of employment or service of the  optionee,
may be exercised within one year after such termination of  employment or
service, whichever is applicable (but to preserve  incentive stock option
treatment within 3 months after termination of  employment), and that service
on the Alliance Bancorp Advisory Board  will be deemed continuing
service.   (b) Reservation of COFI Common Stock and Securities Filings.  At
all times after the Effective Time, COFI shall reserve for issuance  such
number of shares of COFI Common Stock as necessary so as to permit  the
exercise of continuing Alliance Stock Options in the manner  contemplated by
this Agreement and the instruments pursuant to which  such options were
granted. COFI shall make all filings required under  federal and state
securities laws promptly after the Effective Time so  as to permit the
exercise of such continuing Alliance Stock Options and  the sale of the
shares received by the optionee upon such exercise at  and after the
Effective Time and COFI shall continue to make such  filings thereafter as
may be necessary to permit the continued exercise  of continuing Alliance
Stock Options and sale of such shares.     14        ARTICLE IV  
ACTIONS PENDING TRANSACTION   4.01 Forbearances of Alliance. From the date
hereof until the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated by this
Agreement, without the prior written consent of COFI (which consent under
subsections (h), (i), (m) and (q) shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), Alliance will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not
to:   (a) Ordinary Course. Conduct the business of Alliance and its 
Subsidiaries other than in the ordinary and usual course consistent  with
past practice or fail to use best efforts to (i) preserve intact  in any
material respect their business organizations and assets and  (ii) maintain
their rights, franchises and existing relations with  customers, suppliers,
employees and business associates, or take any  action reasonably likely to
materially impair Alliance\'s ability to  perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement.   (b) Alliance Stock. Other than pursuant to Alliance
Stock  Options outstanding on the date hereof as Previously Disclosed or
the  Stock Option Agreement (i) issue, sell or otherwise permit to become 
outstanding, or authorize the creation of, any additional shares of  Alliance
Stock or any Rights, (ii) enter into any agreement with  respect to the
foregoing, or (iii) permit any additional shares of  Alliance Stock to become
subject to new grants of employee or director  stock options, other Rights or
similar stock-based employee rights.   (c) Other Securities. Issue any other
capital securities,  including trust preferred or other similar securities,
capital stock or  other securities of any Subsidiary, debentures, or
subordinated notes.   (d) Dividends, Etc. (i) Make, declare, pay or set
aside for  payment any dividend or distribution (other than (A) quarterly
cash  dividends on Alliance Common Stock in an amount not to exceed $0.14
per  share with record and payment dates consistent with past practice 
(provided the declaration of the last quarterly dividend by Alliance  prior
to the Effective Time and the payment thereof shall be  coordinated with COFI
so that holders of Alliance Common Stock do not  receive dividends on both
Alliance Common Stock and COFI Common Stock  received in the Company Merger
in respect of such quarter or fail to  receive a dividend on at least one of
the Alliance Common Stock or COFI  Common Stock received in the Company
Merger in respect of such quarter)  and (B) dividends from wholly owned
Subsidiaries to Alliance or to  another wholly owned Subsidiary of Alliance)
on or in respect of, any  shares of Alliance Stock or any of the capital
stock or ownership  interests of any Alliance Subsidiary or (ii) directly or
indirectly  adjust, split, combine, redeem, reclassify, purchase or
otherwise  acquire, any shares of its capital stock or Rights.   (e)
Compensation; Employment Agreements, Etc. Enter into or  amend or renew any
employment, consulting, severance, change in  control, or similar agreements
or arrangements with any director,  officer or employee of Alliance or its
Subsidiaries, or, except     15       as Previously Disclosed, grant
any salary or wage increase or increase  any employee benefit (including
incentive or bonus payments) except (i)  for oral at will employment
agreements, (ii) for normal individual  increases in compensation to non-
senior management employees in the  ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, (iii) for  other changes that are required by applicable
law or (iv) to satisfy  contractual obligations existing as of the date
hereof that are  Previously Disclosed; provided, however, that Alliance and
its  Subsidiaries may consistent with past practice extend Previously 
Disclosed employment, change in control, and severance agreements in  effect
on the date hereof that contain evergreen provisions for an  additional one
year period.   (f) Benefit Plans. Enter into, establish, adopt, renew, or 
amend (except as may be required by existing contractual obligations 
existing as of the date hereof that are Previously Disclosed or  applicable
law) any pension, profit sharing, employee stock ownership,  retirement,
stock option, stock appreciation, phantom stock, stock  purchase, savings,
deferred compensation, consulting, bonus, group  insurance or other employee
benefit, incentive or welfare contract,  plan or arrangement, or any trust
agreement (or similar arrangement)  related thereto, in respect of any
director, officer or employee of  Alliance or its Subsidiaries, or take any
action to accelerate the  vesting of benefits payable thereunder.   (g)
Dispositions. Sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or  otherwise dispose of or
discontinue any of its assets or properties  except in the ordinary course of
business for fair value consistent  with past practice, or sell or transfer
any of its deposits.   (h) Acquisitions. Acquire (other than by way of
foreclosures  or acquisitions of control in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or
in  satisfaction of debts contracted prior to the date hereof in good 
faith, in each case in the ordinary and usual course of business  consistent
with past practice) all or any portion of, the assets,  business, deposits or
properties of any Person.   (i) Loans, Loan Participations and Servicing
Rights. Sell or  acquire, whether or not in the ordinary course of business,
any loans  (excluding originations), any loan participations or servicing
rights.  With respect to each participation construction loan in excess of 
$3,000,000 where Alliance is the lead lender, Alliance agrees to  administer
such loan in accordance with commercial loan disbursement  standards approved
in writing by COFI and to submit each disbursement  made thereunder to COFI
for ratification within three business days  after each such
disbursement.   (j) Governing Documents. Amend the Alliance Certificate, 
Alliance By-Laws or the certificate or articles of incorporation,  charter or
by-laws(or similar governing documents) of any of Alliance\'s 
Subsidiaries.   (k) Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any change in
its  accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may be 
required by generally accepted accounting principles.      16      
(l) Contracts. Except to satisfy Previously Disclosed written  commitments
outstanding on the date hereof, enter into or terminate any  material
agreement or amend or modify in any material respect or renew  any of its
existing material agreements.   (m) Claims. Except in the ordinary course of
business  consistent with past practice and involving an amount not in excess
of  $100,000, settle any claim, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, no settlement shall be made if it involves a precedent for  other
similar claims, which in the aggregate, could be material to  Alliance and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (n) Foreclose. Foreclose upon or
otherwise take title to or  possession or control of any real property
without first obtaining a  phase one environmental report thereon; provided,
however, that  Alliance and its Subsidiaries shall not be required to obtain
such a  report with respect to one-to four-family, non-agricultural
residential  property of five acres or less to be foreclosed upon unless it
has  reason to believe that such property might be in violation of or 
require remediation under Environmental Laws.   (o) Deposit Taking and Other
Bank Activities. In the case of  Liberty Federal (i) voluntarily make any
material changes in or to its  deposit mix; (ii) increase or decrease the
rate of interest paid on  time deposits or on certificates of deposit, except
in a manner and  pursuant to policies consistent with past practice; (iii)
incur any  liability or obligation relating to retail banking and branch 
merchandising, marketing and advertising activities and initiatives 
materially in excess of the amounts Previously Disclosed; (iii) open  any new
branch or deposit taking facility; or (iv) close or relocate  any existing
branch or other facility.   (p) Investments. Enter into any securities
transaction for its  own account or purchase or otherwise acquire any
investment security  for its own account other than investments with
maturities of less than  one year and consistent with past practices; enter
into or acquire any  derivatives contract or structured note; enter into any
new, or modify,  amend or extend the terms of any existing contracts relating
to the  purchase or sale of financial or other futures, or any put or call 
option relating to cash, securities or commodities or any interest rate  swap
agreements or other agreements relating to the hedging of interest  rate
risk.   (q) Capital Expenditures. Purchase or lease fixed assets  where the
amount paid or committed thereof is in excess of $100,000  individually or
$300,000 in the aggregate, except for amounts  Previously Disclosed or for
emergency repairs or replacements.   (r) Lending. (i) Make any material
changes in its policies  concerning loan underwriting or which Persons may
approve loans or fail  to comply with such policies as Previously Disclosed;
(ii) make or  commit to make any new loan or letter of credit, or any new
or  additional discretionary advance under any existing loan or line of 
credit, or restructure any existing loan or line of credit (other than  (A)
in the case of a consumer loan or extension of credit with full  personal
recourse to the borrower in a principal amount not in excess  of $100,000,
(B) in the case of a loan secured by a first mortgage on  an owner    
17       occupied one-to-four single-family principal residence which
provides  full personal recourse to the borrower in a principal amount not
in  excess of $2,000,000, (C) in the case of a loan secured by a first 
mortgage on commercial real property in a principal amount not in  excess of
$1,000,000, (D) in the case of a commercial loan secured by a  first lien on
accounts receivable, inventory or other tangible assets  which also provides
full personal recourse to the borrower in a  principal amount not in excess
of $250,000, or (E) in the case of loans  (other than commercial construction
loans) outstanding on the date  hereof to one borrower (or group of
affiliated borrowers) the  restructuring of loans with an aggregate principal
balance not in  excess of $1,000,000; provided in the case of subparts
(A)-(D) the loan  exposure to one borrower (or group of affiliated borrowers)
shall not  exceed $7,500,000); or (iii) make or commit to make any new or 
additional discretionary advance under any existing commercial  construction
loan or line of credit, or restructure or modify in any  manner any existing
commercial construction loan or line of credit,  including but not limited to
any restructure or modification relating  to the term, interest rate,
guarantee, guarantor, disbursement schedule  or disbursement line item, or
administration of a commercial  construction loan; in each case under
subsections (ii) and (iii) above,  without the prior written consent of COFI
acting through its Chief  Executive Officer or Executive Vice President of
Lending in a written  notice to Alliance, which approval or rejection shall
be given within  three business days after delivery by Alliance to such
officer of COFI  of the complete loan package. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the  contrary, Alliance shall not make or commit to make any new
lease,  whether direct financing, sales-type or otherwise, loan or letter
of  credit, or any new or additional discretionary advance under any such 
existing lease, loan or line of credit, or restructure any existing  lease,
loan or line of credit with Varilease Corporation or any of its  subsidiaries
or affiliates.   (s) Joint Ventures and Real Estate Development
Operations.  Engage in any new joint venture, partnership or similar
activity; make  any new or additional investment in any existing joint
venture or  partnership, except for written commitments outstanding on the
date  hereof as Previously Disclosed; engage in any new real estate 
development or construction activity; or disburse any funds relating to  the
1201 West Adams project without the prior written consent of COFI  acting
through its Chief Executive Officer or Executive Vice President  of Lending
in a written notice to Alliance, which approval or rejection  shall be given
within three business days after delivery by Alliance to  such officer of
COFI of verification that at least 35% of the project\'s  units have been
pre-sold and that the required down payments to be paid  thereon have been
received.   (t) Adverse Actions. (i) Take any action or fail to take any 
action while knowing that such action or inaction would, or is  reasonably
likely to, prevent or impede the Company Merger or the Bank  Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of  Section 368 of the
Code; or (ii) knowingly take any action or fail to  take any action that is
intended or is reasonably likely to result in  (A) any of its representations
and warranties set forth in this  Agreement being or becoming untrue in any
material respect at any time  at or prior to the Effective Time, (B) any of
the conditions to the  Company Merger set forth in Article VII not being
satisfied except as  expressly permitted by this Agreement or (C) a    
18       material violation of any provision of this Agreement except,
in each  case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.   (u)
Risk Management. Except as required by applicable law or  regulation, (i)
implement or adopt any material change in its interest  rate and other risk
management policies, procedures or practices; (ii)  fail to follow its
existing policies or practices with respect to  managing its exposure to
interest rate and other risk; or (iii) fail to  use commercially reasonable
means to avoid any material increase in its  aggregate exposure to interest
rate risk.   (v) Indebtedness. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money 
other than Federal Home Loan Bank advances in the ordinary course of 
business with a term not in excess of one year.   (w) Commitments. Agree or
commit to do any of the foregoing.   4.02 Forbearances of COFI. From the
date hereof until the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated by
this Agreement, without the prior written consent of Alliance, COFI will not,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:   (a) Preservation. Fail to
use best efforts to (i) preserve  intact in any material respect their
business organizations and assets  and (ii) maintain their rights, franchises
and existing relations with  customers, suppliers, employees and business
associates, or take any  action reasonably likely to materially impair the
ability of COFI or  Charter Michigan to perform any of its obligations under
this  Agreement.   (b) Extraordinary Dividends. Make, declare, pay or set
aside  for payment any extraordinary cash dividend or cash distribution on 
COFI Common Stock.   (c) Adverse Actions. (i)Take any action or fail to take
any  action while knowing that such action or inaction would, or is 
reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Company Merger or the Bank 
Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of  Section 368
of the Code; or (ii) knowingly take any action or fail to  take any action
that is intended or is reasonably likely to result in  (A) any of its
representations and warranties set forth in this  Agreement being or becoming
untrue in any material respect at any time  at or prior to the Effective
Time, (B) any of the conditions to the  Company Merger set forth in Article
VII not being satisfied except as  expressly permitted by this Agreement or
(C) a material violation of  any provision of this Agreement except, in each
case, as may be  required by applicable law or regulation; provided, however,
that  nothing contained herein shall limit the ability of COFI to exercise 
its rights under the Stock Option Agreement.   (d) Accounting Methods.
Implement or adopt any material  change in its accounting principles,
practices or methods, other than  as may be required by generally accepted
accounting principles.      19       (e) Commitments. Agree or
commit to do any of the foregoing.   ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES   5.01 Disclosure Schedules. On or prior to the date hereof, COFI
has delivered to Alliance a schedule and Alliance has delivered to COFI a
schedule (respectively, its "Disclosure Schedule") which sets forth, among
other things, items the disclosure of which are necessary or appropriate
either in response to an express disclosure requirement contained in a
provision hereof or as an exception to one or more representations or
warranties contained in Section 5.03 (other than Sections 5.03(f)(ii)(A)-(C)
and 5.03(g)(iii) for which no disclosure exceptions are permitted) or 5.04
(other than Sections 5.04(f)(ii)(A)-(C) and 5.04(g)(ii) for which no
disclosure exceptions are permitted) or to one or more of its covenants
contained in Article IV; provided, that (a) no such item is required to be
set forth in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a
Specified Representation if its absence would not be reasonably likely to
result in the Specified Representation(s) being deemed untrue or incorrect
under the standard established by Section 5.02 and (b) the mere inclusion of
an item in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a Specified
Representation shall not be deemed an admission by a party that such item
individually, or when aggregated with other facts, events and circumstances,
has resulted in or is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on the party making the representation, and Alliance\'s
representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement shall
not be deemed to be untrue or breached as a result of effects arising solely
from actions taken in compliance with a written request of COFI.   5.02
Standard. No representation or warranty of Alliance or COFI contained in
Section 5.03(a), (c)(iii), (d), (f)(i), (n) (but excluding the last sentence
thereof), (o), and (v) or 5.04(a), (c), (d), (f)(i), (k) and (r)
(but excluding the last sentence thereof) (collectively, the
"Specified Representations") shall be deemed untrue or incorrect, and no
party hereto shall be deemed to have breached a Specified Representation, as
a consequence of the existence of any fact, event or circumstance unless such
fact, circumstance or event, individually, or taken together with all other
facts, events and circumstances inconsistent with the representations of such
party, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on
such party.   5.03 Representations and Warranties of Alliance. Subject to
Sections 5.01 and 5.02 and except as Previously Disclosed (which exception
shall not apply to Section 5.03(f)(ii)(A)-(C) and 5.03(g)(iii)) in its
Disclosure Schedule corresponding to the relevant paragraph below, Alliance
hereby represents and warrants to COFI:   (a) Organization, Standing and
Authority. Alliance is a  corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under  the laws of the State of Delaware. Alliance is duly
qualified to do  business and is in good standing in the states of the United
States and  any foreign jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of
property or  assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so
qualified.  The Alliance Certificate and Alliance By-Laws are Previously
Disclosed.      20       (b) Alliance Stock. The authorized capital
stock of Alliance  consists solely of (i) 21,000,000 shares of Alliance
Common Stock, of  which 9,243,575 shares were outstanding, and 2,458,822
shares were held  in treasury, as of the business day prior to the date
hereof, and (ii)  1,500,000 shares of Alliance Preferred Stock, of which no
shares are  outstanding. The outstanding shares of Alliance Stock have been
duly  authorized and are validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and 
nonassessable, subject to no preemptive rights (and were not issued in 
violation of any preemptive rights), and were issued in compliance with  all
applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations. As of  the date
hereof, there are no shares of Alliance Stock authorized and  reserved for
issuance, Alliance does not have any Rights issued or  outstanding with
respect to Alliance Stock, and Alliance does not have  any commitment to
authorize, issue or sell any Alliance Stock or  Rights, other than the
issuance of Alliance Common Stock upon the  proper exercise of Alliance Stock
Options outstanding on the date  hereof and pursuant to the Stock Option
Agreement. The number of shares  of Alliance Common Stock which are issuable
upon exercise of each  Alliance Stock Option outstanding as of the date
hereof, the vesting  dates thereof, and the exercise price per share are
Previously  Disclosed. Alliance does not have a dividend reinvestment
plan.   (c) Subsidiaries. (i)(A) Alliance has Previously Disclosed a  list
of all of its Subsidiaries together with the jurisdiction of  organization of
each such Subsidiary, Alliance owns, directly or  indirectly, all the issued
and outstanding equity securities of each of  its Subsidiaries, no equity
securities of any of Alliance\'s  Subsidiaries are or may become required to
be issued (other than to  Alliance or its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) by
reason of any Right or  otherwise, there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or  arrangements by which any Alliance Subsidiary is or may
become bound to  sell or otherwise transfer any equity securities of any such
Subsidiary  (other than to Alliance or to another wholly-owned Alliance 
Subsidiary), there are no contracts, commitments, understandings, or 
arrangements relating to Alliance\'s rights to vote or to dispose of  such
securities of its Subsidiaries and all the equity securities of  each
Alliance Subsidiary are held by Alliance or its Subsidiaries, are  fully paid
and nonassessable and are owned by Alliance or its  Subsidiaries free and
clear of any Liens. The Charter and By-Laws of  Liberty Federal are
Previously Disclosed.   (ii) Except for stock in the Federal Home Loan
Bank  of Chicago and readily marketable securities, neither Alliance  nor
any Alliance Subsidiary owns beneficially any equity  securities or similar
interests of any Person, other than a  Alliance Subsidiary.   (iii) Each of
Alliance\'s Subsidiaries has been duly  organized and is validly existing in
good standing under the  laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and is
duly  qualified to do business and in good standing in the  jurisdictions
where its ownership or leasing of property or  the conduct of its business
requires it to be so qualified.   (d) Corporate Power. Each of Alliance and
each of its  Subsidiaries has the corporate power and authority to carry on
its  business as it is now being conducted and to own all its properties
and  assets; and Alliance has the corporate power and authority to execute, 
deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Stock 
Option Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby  and
thereby.     21         (e) Corporate Authority. Subject in the
case of this Agreement  (not the Stock Option Agreement) to receipt of the
requisite adoption  of this Agreement by the holders of a majority of the
outstanding  shares of Alliance Common Stock entitled to vote thereon (which
is the  only Alliance shareholder vote required), this Agreement, the Stock 
Option Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby  have
been duly authorized, deemed advisable and approved by all  necessary
corporate action of Alliance and the Alliance Board (by  unanimous vote) on
or prior to the date hereof. This Agreement is a  valid and legally binding
obligation of Alliance, enforceable against  it in accordance with its terms
(except as enforceability may be  limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws
of general  applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general  equity principles).   (f) Regulatory Filings; No Defaults. (i) No
consents or  approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any
Governmental  Authority or any third party are required to be made or
obtained by  Alliance or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the
execution,  delivery or performance by Alliance of this Agreement or the
Stock  Option Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions except in
this  case of the consummation of the Transactions for (A) filings of 
applications or notices with Regulatory Authorities, (B) filings with  the
SEC and state securities authorities, and (C) the filing of (and  endorsement
of, if required) certificates of merger and articles of  combination with the
Delaware Secretary, the Administrator and the OTS.  As of the date hereof,
Alliance is not aware of any reason why the  approvals set forth in Section
7.01(b) will not be received in a timely  manner without the imposition of a
condition, restriction or  requirement of the type described in Section
7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to receipt from Regulatory Authorities  of the
regulatory approvals referred to in the preceding  paragraph, and the
expiration of related waiting periods, and  required filings under federal
and state securities laws  relating to the consummation of, and the issuance
of COFI  Common Stock in, the Company Merger, the execution, delivery  and
performance of this Agreement and the Stock Option  Agreement and the
consummation of the Transactions and the  exercise of rights under the Stock
Option Agreement do not and  will not (A) constitute a breach or violation
of, or a default  under, or give rise to any Lien, any acceleration of
remedies  or any right of termination under, any law, rule or regulation  or
any judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or  license, or any material
agreement, license, indenture or  instrument to which Alliance or of any of
its Subsidiaries is  a party or to which Alliance or any of its Subsidiaries
or  properties is subject or bound, (B) constitute a breach or  violation
of, or a default under, the Alliance Certificate or  the Alliance By-Laws, or
the governing documents or  instruments of any Alliance Subsidiary, (C)
require any  consent or approval under any such law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or license, or  material
agreement, license, indenture or instrument or (D)  result in any penalty
payment relating to borrowed funds,  advances or financial instruments of
Alliance or any Alliance  Subsidiary.     22         (g)
Financial Reports, SEC Documents; Material Adverse Effect.  (i) Alliance\'s
1999 Form 10-K and all other reports, registration  statements, definitive
proxy statements or information statements filed  or to be filed by it or any
of its Subsidiaries subsequent to December  31, 1999 under the Securities
Act, or under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or  15(d) of the Exchange Act, in the
form filed or to be filed  (collectively, Alliance\'s "SEC Documents") with
the SEC, as of the date  filed, (A) complied and will comply in all material
respects with the  applicable requirements under the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act,  as the case may be, and (B) did not and will not contain any
untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required  to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in  light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 
and each of the balance sheets or statements of condition contained in  or
incorporated by reference into any such SEC Document (including the  related
notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly  present, the
financial position of Alliance and its Subsidiaries as of  its date, and each
of the statements of income or results of operations  and changes in
shareholders\' equity and cash flows or equivalent  statements in Alliance\'s
SEC Documents (including any related notes and  schedules thereto) fairly
presents, or will fairly present, the results  of operations, changes in
shareholders\' equity and cash flows, as the  case may be, of Alliance and
its Subsidiaries for the periods to which  they relate, in each case in
accordance with generally accepted  accounting principles consistently
applied during the periods involved,  except in each case as may be noted
therein, subject to non-material,  normal year-end audit adjustments and the
absence of footnotes in the  case of unaudited statements.   (ii) Except
for liabilities incurred in connection  with negotiation of and compliance
with this Agreement and  otherwise in connection with the transactions
contemplated  hereby, since December 31, 1999 to the date hereof, Alliance 
and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any liability other  than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past  practice.   (iii) Since
December 31, 1999 to the date hereof, (A)  Alliance and its Subsidiaries have
conducted their respective  businesses only in the ordinary and usual course
consistent  with past practice (excluding matters related to this  Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby) and (B)  there has not occurred any
fact, event or circumstance that,  individually or taken together with all
other facts, events  and circumstances (described in any paragraph of Section
5.03  or otherwise), would constitute, or is reasonably likely to  result
in, a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Alliance.   (h) Litigation.
Neither Alliance nor any Alliance Subsidiary  is a party to any pending or,
to the best knowledge of Alliance,  threatened with any, action, suit,
investigation or proceeding, or is  subject to any order, judgment or decree,
involving a monetary claim in  excess of $25,000 or involving a claim for
equitable relief.      23       (i) Regulatory Matters. (i) Neither
Alliance nor any of its  Subsidiaries or properties is a party to or is
subject to any order,  decree, agreement, memorandum of understanding or
similar arrangement  with, or a commitment letter or similar submission to,
or extraordinary  supervisory letter from, any federal or state governmental
agency or  authority charged with the supervision or regulation of
financial  institutions (or their holding companies) or issuers of securities
or  engaged in the insurance of deposits (including, without limitation, 
the FRB, the OTS, the Commissioner, the DOJ, and the FDIC) or the 
supervision or regulation of it or any of its Subsidiaries  (collectively,
the "Regulatory Authorities").   (ii) Neither Alliance nor any of its
Subsidiaries has  been advised by any Regulatory Authority that such
Regulatory  Authority is contemplating issuing or requesting (or is 
considering the appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any  such order,
decree, agreement, memorandum of understanding,  commitment letter,
supervisory letter or similar submission.   (iii) As of the date hereof,
Liberty Federal has a  Community Reinvestment Act rating of "satisfactory" or
better.   (j) Compliance with Laws. Each of Alliance and each Alliance 
Subsidiary:   (i) is in substantial compliance with all applicable 
federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, regulations,  ordinances,
rules, judgments, orders or decrees applicable to  it, its properties, assets
and deposits, its business, its  conduct of business and its employees,
including, without  limitation, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair
Housing  Act, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, the Home Mortgage 
Disclosure Act and all other applicable fair lending laws and  other laws
relating to discriminatory business practices;   (ii) has all material
permits, licenses,  authorizations, orders and approvals of, and has made
all  filings, applications and registrations with, all Governmental 
Authorities that are required in order to permit it to own or  lease its
properties and to conduct its business as presently  conducted; all such
permits, licenses, certificates of  authority, orders and approvals are in
full force and effect  and, to the best knowledge of Alliance, no suspension
or  cancellation of any such permit, license, certificate, order  or
approval is threatened or will result from the consummation  of the
Transactions; and   (iii) has not received, since December 31, 1998, any 
notification or communication from any Governmental Authority  (A) asserting
that it is not in compliance in any material  respect with any of the
statutes, regulations, or ordinances  which such Governmental Authority
enforces or (B) threatening  to revoke any material license, franchise,
permit, or  governmental authorization (nor, to the best knowledge of 
Alliance, do any grounds for any of the foregoing exist).     
24       (k) Material Contracts; Real Estate Leases; Defaults. As of 
the date hereof, except for this Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement  and
those agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to  Alliance\'s SEC
Documents, neither Alliance nor any of its Subsidiaries  is a party to, bound
by or subject to any agreement, contract,  arrangement, commitment or
understanding (whether written or oral) (i)  that is a "material contract"
within the meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of  the SEC\'s Regulation S-K or (ii)
that restricts or limits in any  material way the conduct of business by
Alliance or any of its  Subsidiaries (it being understood that any non-
compete or similar  provision shall be deemed material). Each real estate
lease that may  require the consent of the lessor or its agent resulting from
the  Company Merger or the Bank Merger by virtue of a prohibition or 
restriction relating to assignment, by operation of law or otherwise,  or
change in control, is listed in the Alliance Disclosure Schedule  identifying
the section of the lease that contains such prohibition or  restriction.
Neither Alliance nor any Alliance Subsidiary is in default  in any material
respect under any material contract, agreement,  commitment, arrangement,
lease, insurance policy or other instrument to  which it is a party, by which
its assets, business, or operations may  be bound or affected, or under which
it or its assets, business, or  operations receive benefits, and there has
not occurred any event that,  with the lapse of time or the giving of notice
or both, would  constitute such a default.   (l) Brokers. No action has
been taken by Alliance or any of  its Subsidiaries that would give rise to
any valid claim for a  brokerage commission, finder\'s fee or other like
payment with respect  to the Transactions, except the Previously Disclosed
fee to be paid by  Alliance to Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, Inc.   (m) Employee
Benefit Plans. (i) Alliance has Previously  Disclosed a descriptive list of
and copies of all existing bonus,  incentive, deferred compensation, pension,
retirement, profit-sharing,  thrift, savings, employee stock ownership, stock
bonus, stock purchase,  restricted stock, stock option, stock appreciation,
phantom stock,  severance, welfare and fringe benefit plans, employment,
severance and  change in control agreements and all other benefit practices,
policies  and arrangements maintained by Alliance or any of its Subsidiaries
in  which any employee or former employee, consultant or former consultant 
or director or former director of Alliance or any of its Subsidiaries 
participates or to which any such employee, consultant or director is a 
party or is otherwise entitled to receive benefits other than plans and 
programs involving immaterial obligations (the "Compensation and  Benefit
Plans"). Neither Alliance nor any of its Subsidiaries has any  commitment to
create any additional Compensation and Benefit Plan or to  modify, change or
renew any existing Compensation and Benefit Plan.   (ii) Each Compensation
and Benefit Plan has been  operated and administered in all material respects
in  accordance with its terms and with applicable law, including,  but not
limited to, ERISA, the Code, the Securities Act, the  Exchange Act, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, and  any regulations or rules promulgated
thereunder, and all  material filings, disclosures and notices required by
ERISA,  the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act and any other applicable law  have been
timely made. Each     25       Compensation and Benefit Plan which
is an "employee pension  benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
ERISA (a  "Pension Plan") and which is intended to be qualified under 
Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable  determination letter
from the IRS, and Alliance is not aware  of any circumstances which are
reasonably likely to result in  revocation of any such favorable
determination letter. There  is no material pending or, to the best knowledge
of Alliance,  threatened action, suit or claim relating to any of the 
Compensation and Benefit Plans (other than routine claims for  benefits).
Neither Alliance nor any of its Subsidiaries has  engaged in a transaction,
or omitted to take any action, with  respect to any Compensation and Benefit
Plan that would  reasonably be expected to subject Alliance or any of its 
Subsidiaries to a tax or penalty imposed by either Section  4975 of the Code
or Section 502 of ERISA, assuming for  purposes of Section 4975 of the Code
that the taxable period  of any such transaction expired as of the date
hereof and  subsequently expires as of the day next preceding the  Effective
Date.   (iii) Neither Alliance, nor any Alliance Subsidiary  or any entity
which is considered one employer with Alliance  under Section 4001(a)(14) of
ERISA or Section 414(b) or (c) of  the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate") is a
sponsor of or maintains a  defined benefit Pension Plan or any Compensation
and Benefit  Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, or has any liability under 
any such plan that was previously sponsored or maintained by  it. No notice
of a "reportable event", within the meaning of  Section 4043 of ERISA for
which the 30-day reporting  requirement has not been waived, has been
required to be filed  for any Compensation and Benefit Plan or by any
single  employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate (an "ERISA Affiliate  Plan")
within the 12-month period ending on the date hereof.  To the best knowledge
of Alliance, there is no pending  investigation or enforcement action by any
Governmental  Authority with respect to any Compensation and Benefit Plan
or  any ERISA Affiliate Plan.   (iv) All material contributions required to
be made  under the terms of any Compensation and Benefit Plan or ERISA 
Affiliate Plan or any employee benefit arrangements to which  Alliance or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or a sponsor  have been timely made, and all
anticipated contributions and  funding obligations are accrued monthly on
Alliance\'s  consolidated financial statements. Alliance and its 
Subsidiaries have expensed and accrued as a liability the  present value of
future benefits under each applicable  Compensation and Benefit Plan for
financial reporting purposes  as required by generally accepted accounting
principles.  Neither any Pension Plan nor any ERISA Affiliate Plan has an 
"accumulated funding deficiency" (whether or not waived)  within the meaning
of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302  of ERISA. None of Alliance, any of
its Subsidiaries or any  ERISA Affiliate (x) has provided, or would
reasonably be  expected to be required to provide, security to any Pension 
Plan or to any ERISA Affiliate Plan pursuant to Section  401(a)(29) of the
Code, or (y) has taken any action, or  omitted to take any action, that has
resulted, or would  reasonably be expected to result, in the imposition of a
Lien  under Section 412(n) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA.    
26       (v) Neither Alliance nor any of its Subsidiaries has  any
obligations to provide retiree health, life insurance,  disability insurance,
or other retiree death benefits under  any Compensation and Benefit Plan,
other than benefits  mandated by Section 4980B of the Code. There has been
no  communication to employees by Alliance or any of its  Subsidiaries that
would reasonably be expected to promise or  guarantee such employees retiree
health, life insurance,  disability insurance, or other retiree death
benefits.   (vi) Alliance and its Subsidiaries do not maintain  any
Compensation and Benefit Plans covering foreign employees.   (vii) With
respect to each Compensation and Benefit  Plan, if applicable, Alliance has
provided or made available  to COFI copies of the: (A) trust instruments and
insurance  contracts; (B) two most recent Forms 5500 filed with the IRS; 
(C) most recent actuarial report and financial statement; (D)  the most
recent summary plan description; (E) most recent  determination letter issued
by the IRS; (F) any Form 5310 or  Form 5330 filed with the IRS; (G) most
recent  nondiscrimination tests performed under ERISA and the Code 
(including 401(k) and 401(m) tests); and (H) the determination  letter for
termination of Alliance\'s terminated employee stock  ownership plan.  
(viii) The consummation of the Transactions or either  of them will not,
directly or indirectly (including, without  limitation, as a result of any
termination of employment or  service at any time prior to or following the
Effective Time),  (A) entitle any employee, consultant or director to any 
payment or benefit (including severance pay, change in control  benefit, or
similar compensation) or any increase in  compensation, (B) result in the
vesting or acceleration of any  benefits under any Compensation and Benefit
Plan or (C) result  in any material increase in benefits payable under any 
Compensation and Benefit Plan.   (ix) Neither Alliance nor any of its
Subsidiaries  maintains any compensation plans, programs or arrangements 
under which any payment is reasonably likely to become  non-deductible, in
whole or in part, for tax reporting  purposes as a result of the limitations
under Section 162(m)  of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder.  
(x) To the best knowledge of Alliance, the  consummation of the Transactions
or either of them will not,  directly or indirectly (including without
limitation, as a  result of any termination of employment or service at any
time  prior to or following the Effective Time), entitle any current  or
former employee, director or independent contractor of  Alliance or any
Alliance Subsidiary to any actual or deemed  payment (or benefit) which would
constitute a "parachute  payment" (as such term is defined in Section 280G of
the  Code), without regard to whether such payment is reasonable 
compensation for personal services performed or to be  performed in the
future.     27       (xi) There are no stock appreciation or
similar  rights, earned dividends or dividend equivalents, or shares of 
restricted stock, outstanding under any of the Alliance Stock  Plans or
otherwise as of the date hereof and none will be  granted, awarded, or
credited after the date hereof.   (n) Labor Matters. Neither Alliance nor
any of its  Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any collective
bargaining  agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding with a
labor  union or labor organization, nor is Alliance or any of its
Subsidiaries  the subject of a proceeding asserting that it or any such
Subsidiary  has committed an unfair labor practice (within the meaning of
the  National Labor Relations Act) or seeking to compel Alliance or any
such  Subsidiary to bargain with any labor organization as to wages or 
conditions of employment, nor is there any strike or other labor  dispute
involving it or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the best  knowledge of
Alliance, threatened, nor is Alliance aware of any  activity involving its or
any of its Subsidiaries\' employees seeking to  certify a collective
bargaining unit or engaging in other  organizational activity. There are no
claims, investigations or  proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of
Alliance threatened,  against Alliance or any Alliance Subsidiary relating to
discriminatory  employment practices or sexual harassment.   (o) Takeover
Laws; Dissenters Rights. This Agreement, the  Stock Option Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and  thereby are not subject to the
requirements of any "moratorium,"  "control share", "fair price", "affiliate
transactions", "business  combination" or other antitakeover laws and
regulations of any state,  including the provisions of Section 203 of the
DGCL ("Takeover Laws")  applicable to Alliance or any Alliance
Subsidiary.   (p) Environmental Matters. (i) Neither the conduct nor 
operation of business by Alliance or any of its Subsidiaries nor any 
condition of any property currently or previously owned, operated or 
controlled by any of them (including, without limitation, in a  fiduciary or
agency capacity), or to the best knowledge of Alliance, on  which any of them
holds a Lien, results or resulted in a violation of  any Environmental Laws,
and to the best knowledge of Alliance, no  condition has existed or event has
occurred with respect to any of them  or any such property that, with notice
or the passage of time, or both,  is reasonably likely to result in any
liability to Alliance or any  Alliance Subsidiary under or by reason of any
Environmental Laws or  Materials of Environmental Concern. Except for notices
for which there  is no reasonable basis for the assertion of liability or a
remediation  obligation on the part of Alliance or any Alliance Subsidiary
under any  Environmental Laws or relating to Materials of Environmental
Concern,  neither Alliance nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice  from any Person that Alliance or its Subsidiaries or the operation
or  condition of any property ever owned, operated, controlled, or held as 
collateral or in a fiduciary capacity by any of them are or were in 
violation of or otherwise are alleged to have liability under any 
Environmental Laws or relating to Materials of Environmental Concern, 
including, but not limited to, responsibility (or potential  responsibility)
for the cleanup or other remediation of Materials of  Environmental Concern
at, on, beneath, or originating from any such  property.    
28       (ii) There are no underground storage tanks located  on, in or
under any real property currently owned, operated or  controlled by Alliance
or any Alliance Subsidiary. Neither  Alliance nor any Alliance Subsidiary
owns or operates any  underground storage tank at any real property leased by
it.   (q) Tax Matters. (i) (a) All Tax Returns that are required to  be
filed by or with respect to Alliance or its Subsidiaries have been  duly
filed, or requests for extensions have been timely filed (or an  extension is
automatic) and any such extension has been granted and has  not been
rescinded, (b) all Taxes shown to be due on Tax Returns  referred to in
clause (a), as filed, and all Taxes required to be shown  on the Tax Returns
for which extensions have been granted have been  paid in full or adequate
provision has been made for such Taxes on  Alliance\'s most recent balance
sheet provided to COFI, (c) the Tax  Returns referred to in clause (a) that
have been filed have been  examined by the IRS or the appropriate state,
local or foreign taxing  authority or the period for assessment of the Taxes
in respect of which  such Tax Returns were required to be filed has expired,
(d) all  deficiencies asserted or assessments made as a result of such 
examinations have been paid in full or non-material amounts are being 
contested in good faith, (e) no material issues that have been raised  by the
relevant taxing authority in connection with the examination of  any of the
Tax Returns referred to in clause (a) are currently pending,  and (f) no
waivers of statutes of limitation have been given by or  requested with
respect to any Taxes of Alliance or its Subsidiaries.  Alliance has made
available to COFI true and correct copies of the  United States federal
income Tax Returns filed by Alliance and its  Subsidiaries for each of the
three most recent fiscal years ended on or  before December 31, 1999. Neither
Alliance nor any of its Subsidiaries  has any material liability with respect
to any Taxes that accrued on or  before the end of the most recent period
covered by Alliance\'s SEC  Documents filed prior to the date hereof in
excess of the amounts  accrued with respect thereto that are reflected in the
financial  statements included in Alliance\'s SEC Documents filed on or prior
to  the date hereof. As of the date hereof, neither Alliance nor any of its 
Subsidiaries has any reason to believe that any condition exists that  might
prevent or impede the Company Merger or the Bank Merger from  qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of  the Code.   (ii) No
Tax is required to be withheld pursuant to  Section 1445 of the Code as a
result of the transfer  contemplated by this Agreement.   (iii) Alliance
and its Subsidiaries will not be liable  for any Taxes as a result of either
of the Transactions.   (r) Risk Management Instruments. All material
interest rate  swaps, caps, floors, option agreements, futures and forward
contracts  and other similar risk management arrangements, whether entered
into  for Alliance\'s own account, or for the account of one or more of 
Alliance\'s Subsidiaries or their customers (all of which are Previously 
Disclosed), were entered into (iv) in accordance with prudent business 
practices and in all material respects in compliance with all  applicable
laws, rules, regulations and regulatory policies and  (v) with counterparties
believed to be financially responsible at the  time; and each of them
constitutes the valid and legally binding  obligation of Alliance or one of
its Subsidiaries,     29       enforceable in accordance with its
terms (except as enforceability may  be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws
of general  applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general  equity principles), and is in full force and effect. Neither
Alliance  nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the best knowledge of Alliance
any  other party thereto, is in breach of any of its obligations under any 
such agreement or arrangement in any material respect.   (s) Loans. (i) The
Alliance Disclosure Schedule sets forth a  listing, as of the last business
day prior to the date of this  Agreement, by account, of: (A) all loans
(including loan  participations) of Alliance or any of the Alliance
Subsidiaries that  have been accelerated during the past twelve months; (B)
all loan  commitments or lines of credit of Alliance or any of the Alliance 
Subsidiaries which have been terminated by Alliance or any of the  Alliance
Subsidiaries during the past twelve months by reason of a  default or adverse
developments in the condition of the borrower or  other events or
circumstances affecting the credit of the borrower  (including the
termination of the $24 million commitment relating to  the 330 W. Grand
Avenue project); (C) all loans, lines of credit and  loan commitments as to
which Alliance or any of the Alliance  Subsidiaries has given written notice
of its intent to terminate during  the past twelve months; (D) with respect
to all commercial loans  (including commercial real estate loans), all
notification letters and  other written communications from Alliance or any
of the Alliance  Subsidiaries to any of their respective borrowers, customers
or other  parties during the past twelve months wherein Alliance or any of
the  Alliance Subsidiaries has requested or demanded that actions be taken 
to correct existing defaults or facts or circumstances which may become 
defaults; (E) each borrower, customer or other party which has notified 
Alliance or any of the Alliance Subsidiaries during the past twelve  months
of, or has asserted against Alliance or any of the Alliance  Subsidiaries, in
each case in writing, any "lender liability" or  similar claim, and, to the
best knowledge of Alliance, each borrower,  customer or other party which has
given Alliance or any of the Alliance  Subsidiaries any oral notification of,
or orally asserted to or against  Alliance or any of the Alliance
Subsidiaries, any such claim; (F) all  loans, (1) that are contractually past
due 90 days or more in the  payment of principal and/or interest, (2) that
are on non-accrual  status, (3) that have been classified "doubtful," "loss"
or the  equivalent thereof by any Regulatory Authority, (4) where a
reasonable  doubt exists as to the timely future collectibility of principal
and/or  interest, whether or not interest is still accruing or the loans
are  less than 90 days past due, (5) where the interest rate terms have
been  reduced and/or the maturity dates have been extended subsequent to
the  agreement under which the loan was originally created due to concerns 
regarding the borrower\'s ability to pay in accordance with such initial 
terms, or (6) where a specific reserve allocation exists in connection 
therewith, and (G) all assets classified by Alliance or any Alliance 
Subsidiary as real estate acquired through foreclosure or in lieu of 
foreclosure, including in-substance foreclosures, and all other assets 
currently held that were acquired through foreclosure or in lieu of 
foreclosure. The $24 million outstanding loan commitment relating the  330
West Grand Avenue project has been terminated by Liberty Federal in 
accordance with the terms of such loan commitment and such termination  shall
not result in any liability to Alliance or any Subsidiary of 
Alliance.      30       (ii) All loans receivable (including
discounts) and  accrued interest entered on the books of Alliance and the 
Alliance Subsidiaries arose out of bona fide arm\'s- length  transactions,
were made for good and valuable consideration in  the ordinary course of
Alliance\'s or the appropriate Alliance  Subsidiary\'s respective business,
and the notes or other  evidences of indebtedness with respect to such
loans  (including discounts) are true and genuine and are what they  purport
to be. To the best knowledge of Alliance, the loans,  discounts and the
accrued interest reflected on the books of  Alliance and the Alliance
Subsidiaries are subject to no  defenses, set-offs or counterclaims
(including, without  limitation, those afforded by usury or truth-in-
lending  laws), except as may be provided by bankruptcy, insolvency or 
similar laws affecting creditors\' rights generally or by  general principles
of equity. All such loans are owned by  Alliance or the appropriate Alliance
Subsidiary free and clear  of any Liens.   (iii) The notes and other
evidences of indebtedness  evidencing the loans described in clause (ii)
above, and all  pledges, mortgages, deeds of trust and other collateral 
documents or security instruments relating thereto are, in all  material
respects, valid, true and genuine, and what they  purport to be.   (iv) The
Alliance Disclosure Schedule sets forth a  schedule prepared by Alliance and
delivered to COFI, listing  by account, 31 new major residential construction
loan  projects, the original loan amount of each project, the number  of
presold units relating to each such project and various  other information.
The information set forth on the foregoing  schedule with respect to the 15
accounts identified with a  check mark thereon is accurate and complete and
all cash  deposits required pursuant to the sales contracts relating to  the
presold units have been received and are being held in  accordance with the
terms of the respective sales contracts.   (t) Material Interests of Certain
Persons. To the best  knowledge of Alliance, no officer or director of
Alliance or any of the  Alliance Subsidiaries, or any "associate" (as such
term is defined in  Rule 14a-1 under the Exchange Act) of any such officer or
director, has  any interest in any contract or property (real or personal,
tangible or  intangible), used in, or pertaining to the business of, Alliance
or any  of the Alliance Subsidiaries, which in the case of Alliance and each
of  the Alliance Subsidiaries would be required to be disclosed by Item 404 
of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.   (u) Registration Obligations.
Neither Alliance nor any  Alliance Subsidiary is under any obligation,
contingent or otherwise,  which will survive the Effective Time by reason of
any agreement to  register any transaction involving any of its securities
under the  Securities Act.   (v) Insurance. Alliance has Previously
Disclosed all of the  material insurance policies, binders, or bonds
maintained by Alliance  or any of its Subsidiaries. Alliance and its
Subsidiaries are insured  with reputable insurers against such risks and in
such amounts     31       as the management of Alliance reasonably
has determined to be prudent  in accordance with industry practices and in
accordance with all  contractual obligations. All such insurance policies are
in full force  and effect; Alliance and its Subsidiaries are not in material
default  thereunder; and all material claims thereunder have been filed in
due  and timely fashion.   (w) Governmental Reviews. No investigation or
review by any  Governmental Authority with respect to Alliance or any
Alliance  Subsidiary is pending or, to the best knowledge of Alliance, 
threatened, nor has any Governmental Authority indicated to Alliance or  any
Alliance Subsidiary an intention to conduct the same, other than  normal or
routine regulatory examinations.   (x) Fairness Opinion. On the date of this
Agreement, Keefe,  Bruyette and Woods,Inc. has provided to the Alliance Board a
written  fairness opinion to the effect that the Merger Consideration is fair
to  the shareholders of Alliance from a financial point of view.    (y)
Compliance with Servicing Obligations. Alliance and the  Alliance
Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with  all contract,
agency and investor requirements and guidelines, and all  applicable laws,
rules and regulations of Governmental Authorities,  relating to the servicing
and administration of loans by them, or any  of them, including but not
limited to, properly and timely making  interest rate adjustments to
adjustable rate loans.   5.04 Representations and Warranties of COFI.
Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02 and except as Previously Disclosed (which
exception shall not apply to Sections 5.04(f)(ii)(A)-(C) and 5.04(g)(ii)) in
its Disclosure Schedule corresponding to the relevant paragraph below, COFI
and Charter Michigan hereby, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to
Alliance as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. COFI and
Charter  Michigan are corporations duly organized, validly existing and in
good  standing under the laws of the States of Delaware and Michigan, 
respectively. COFI and Charter Michigan are duly qualified to do  business
and are in good standing in the states of the United States  and foreign
jurisdictions where their respective ownership or leasing  of property or
assets or the conduct of their businesses requires them  to be so
qualified.   (b) COFI Stock. (i) As of the last business day prior to the 
date hereof, the authorized capital stock of COFI consisted solely of  (A)
360,000,000 shares of COFI Common Stock, of which no more than  208,507,882
shares were outstanding, and no more than 4,176,816 shares  were held in
treasury, and (B) 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock,  $0.01 par value per
share, of which none were issued and outstanding.  As of the date hereof,
COFI does not have any Rights issued or  outstanding with respect to COFI
Common Stock and COFI does not have  any commitment to authorize, issue or
sell any COFI Common Stock or  Rights, other than pursuant to (A) this
Agreement, (B) outstanding  stock options (and any mandatory future awards
under stock option  plans) that have been Previously Disclosed, (C) its
dividend  reinvestment plan on terms Previously Disclosed, and (D)
the     32       COFI Rights Agreement. The outstanding shares of
COFI Common Stock have  been duly authorized and are validly issued and
outstanding, fully paid  and nonassessable, subject to no preemptive rights
(and were not issued  in violation of any preemptive rights).   (ii) The
shares of COFI Common Stock to be issued as  Stock Consideration in the
Company Merger, when issued in  accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
will be duly  authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and 
subject to no preemptive rights.   (c) Subsidiaries. Each of COFI\'s
Subsidiaries has been duly  organized and is validly existing in good
standing under the laws of  the jurisdiction of its organization, and is duly
qualified to do  business and is in good standing in the jurisdictions where
its  ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business 
requires it to be so qualified and COFI owns, directly or indirectly,  all
the issued and outstanding equity securities of each of its 
Subsidiaries.   (d) Corporate Power. Each of COFI and its Subsidiaries has
the  corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now 
being conducted and to own all its properties and assets; and each of  COFI
and Charter Michigan has the corporate power and authority to  execute,
deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and,  in the case of
COFI, the Stock Option Agreement, and to consummate the  transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.   (e) Corporate Authority. This Agreement,
the Stock Option  Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby have  been authorized, deemed advisable and approved by all
necessary  corporate action of COFI and Charter Michigan (as to this
Agreement and  the Company Merger only) and the COFI Board and the Charter
Michigan  Board (as to this Agreement and the Company Merger only) on or
prior to  the date hereof. This Agreement is a valid and legally binding 
agreement of COFI and Charter Michigan, enforceable against them in 
accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,  fraudulent
transfer and similar laws of general applicability relating  to or affecting
creditors\' rights or by general equity principles).   (f) Regulatory
Filings; No Defaults. (i) No consents or  approvals of, or filings or
registrations with, any Governmental  Authority or any third party are
required to be made or obtained by  COFI or any of its Subsidiaries in
connection with the execution,  delivery or performance by COFI or Charter
Michigan of this Agreement  or the consummation of the Transactions except in
the case of the  consummation of the Transactions for (A) the filings
referred to in  Section 5.03(f)(i); (B) such filings as are required to be
made or  approvals as are required to be obtained under the securities or
"Blue  Sky" laws of various states in connection with the issuance of COFI 
Common Stock in the Company Merger; and (C) receipt of the approvals  set
forth in Section 7.01(b). As of the date hereof, neither COFI nor  Charter
Michigan is aware of any reason why the approvals set forth in  Section
7.01(b) will not be received in a timely manner without  the imposition of a
condition, restriction or requirement of the type  described in Section
7.01(b).     33         (ii) Subject to the satisfaction of the
requirements  referred to in the preceding paragraph, and expiration of the 
related waiting periods, and required filings under federal  and state
securities laws relating to the consummation of, and  the issuance of COFI
Common Stock in, the Company Merger, the  execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the  consummation of the Transactions do not and will
not (A)  constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under, or  give
rise to any Lien, any acceleration of remedies or any  right of termination
under, any law, rule or regulation or any  judgment, decree, order,
governmental permit or license, or  material agreement, license, indenture or
instrument to which  COFI or of any of its Subsidiaries is a party or to
which COFI  or any of its Subsidiaries or properties is subject or bound, 
(B) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under,  the certificate
of incorporation or by-laws (or similar  governing documents) of COFI or any
of its Subsidiaries, or  (C) require any consent or approval under any such
law, rule,  regulation, judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or 
license, agreement, license, indenture or instrument or (D)  result in any
penalty payment relating to borrowed funds,  advances or financial
instruments of COFI or any COFI  Subsidiary.   (g) Financial Reports, SEC
Documents; Material Adverse Effect.  (i) COFI\'s SEC Documents, as of the
date filed, (A) complied and will  comply in all material respects with the
applicable requirements under  the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the
case may be, and (B) did  not and will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or  omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or  necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, not misleading; and each of the balance  sheets
or statements of condition contained in or incorporated by  reference into
any such SEC Document (including the related notes and  schedules thereto)
fairly presents, or will fairly present, the  financial position of COFI and
its Subsidiaries as of its date, and  each of the statements of income or
results of operations and changes  in shareholders\' equity and cash flows or
equivalent statements in  COFI\'s SEC Documents (including any related notes
and schedules  thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly present, in all
material  respects, the results of operations, changes in shareholders\'
equity  and cash flows, as the case may be, of COFI and its Subsidiaries
for  the periods to which they relate, in each case in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied during  the
periods involved, except in each case as may be noted therein,  subject to
non-material, normal year- end audit adjustments and the  absence of
footnotes in the case of unaudited financial statements.   (ii) Since
December 31, 1999 to the date hereof, (A)  COFI and its Subsidiaries have
conducted their respective  businesses and incurred their respective material
liabilities  in the ordinary and usual course consistent with past practice 
(excluding matters outside the ordinary course that are not in  the aggregate
material to the consolidated financial condition  of COFI and matters related
to this Agreement     34       and the transactions contemplated
hereby) and (B) there has  not occurred any fact, event or circumstance
that,  individually or taken together with all other facts, events  and
circumstances (described in any paragraph of Section 5.04  or otherwise),
would constitute, or is reasonably likely to  result in, a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to COFI.   (h) Litigation; Regulatory Action. (i) No
litigation, claim or  other proceeding before any Governmental Authority is
pending against  COFI or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the best knowledge
of COFI and  Charter Michigan, no such litigation, claim or other proceeding
has  been threatened, which individually or in the aggregate would be 
material to the consolidated financial condition or the consolidated  results
of operations of COFI.   (ii) Neither COFI nor any of its Subsidiaries or 
properties is a party to or is subject to any order, decree,  agreement,
memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement  with, or a commitment
letter or similar submission to, or  extraordinary supervisory letter from a
Regulatory Authority,  nor has COFI or any of its Subsidiaries been advised
by a  Regulatory Authority that such agency is contemplating issuing  or
requesting (or is considering the appropriateness of  issuing or requesting)
any such order, decree, agreement,  memorandum of understanding, commitment
letter, extraordinary  supervisory letter or similar submission.   (iii) As
of the date hereof, each financial  institution Subsidiary of COFI has a
Community Reinvestment  Act rating of "satisfactory" or better.   (i)
Compliance with Laws. Each of COFI and each COFI  Subsidiary:   (i) is in
substantial compliance with all applicable  federal, state, local and foreign
statutes, laws, regulations,  ordinances, rules, judgments, orders or decrees
applicable to  it, its properties, assets and deposits, its business, its 
conduct of business, and its employees, including, without  limitation, the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing  Act, the Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977, the Home Mortgage  Disclosure Act and all other
applicable fair lending laws and  other laws relating to discriminatory
business practices; and   (ii) has all material permits, licenses, 
authorizations, orders and approvals of, and has made all  filings,
applications and registrations with, all Governmental  Authorities that are
required in order to permit it to conduct  its business as presently
conducted; all such permits,  licenses, certificates of authority, orders and
approvals are  in full force and effect and, to the best knowledge of COFI 
and Charter Michigan, no suspension or cancellation of any  such permit,
license, certificate, order or approval is  threatened or will result from
the consummation of the  Transactions; and   . (iii) has not received,
since December 31, 1998, any  notification or communication from any
Governmental Authority  (A) asserting that it is not in compliance in any
material  respect with any of the statutes, regulations, or
ordinances     35       which such Governmental Authority enforces
or (B) threatening  to revoke any material license, franchise, permit, or 
governmental authorization (nor, to the best knowledge of COFI  and Charter
Michigan, do any grounds for any of the foregoing  exist).   (j) Brokers.
No action has been taken by COFI or any COFI  Subsidiary that would give rise
to any valid claim for a brokerage  commission, finder\'s fee or other like
payment with respect to the  Transactions, except for a fee to be paid by
COFI to Lehman Brothers.   (k) Takeover Laws. COFI has taken all action
required to be  taken by it in order to exempt this Agreement, the Stock
Option  Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
from,  and this Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby are exempt from, the requirements of  any
Takeover Laws applicable to COFI or its Subsidiaries.   (l) Tax Matters. (i)
All Tax Returns that are required to be  filed by or with respect to COFI or
its Subsidiaries have been duly  filed, or requests for extensions have been
timely filed (or an  extension is automatic) and any such extension has been
granted and has  not been rescinded, (ii) all Taxes shown to be due on Tax
Returns  referred to in clause (i) , as filed, and all Taxes required to be 
shown on the Tax Returns for which extensions have been granted have  been
paid in full or adequate provision has been made for such Taxes on  COFI\'s
most recent balance sheet, (iii) the Tax Returns referred to in  clause (i)
that have been filed have been examined by the IRS or the  appropriate state,
local or foreign taxing authority or the period for  assessment of the Taxes
in respect of which such Tax Returns were  required to be filed has expired,
(iv) all deficiencies asserted or  assessments made as a result of such
examinations have been paid in  full, or non-material amounts are being
contested in good faith, (v) no  material issues that have been raised by the
relevant taxing authority  in connection with the examination of any of the
Tax Returns referred  to in clause (i) are currently pending, and (vi) no
waivers of statutes  of limitation have been given by or requested with
respect to any Taxes  of COFI or its Subsidiaries. Neither COFI nor any of
its Subsidiaries  has any material liability with respect to any Taxes that
accrued on or  before the end of the most recent period covered by COFI\'s
SEC  Documents filed prior to the date hereof in excess of the amounts 
accrued with respect thereto that are reflected in the financial  statements
included in COFI\'s SEC Documents filed on or prior to the  date hereof. As
of the date hereof, neither COFI nor any of its  Subsidiaries has any reason
to believe that any conditions exist that  might prevent or impede the
Company Merger or the Bank Merger from  qualifying as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of  the Code.   (m) COFI Ownership of
Alliance Stock. As of the date of this  Agreement, COFI and its Subsidiaries
do not beneficially own more than  1% of the outstanding Alliance Common
Stock or, other than as  contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option
Agreement, do not  have any option, warrant or right of any kind to acquire
beneficial  ownership of any shares of Alliance Common Stock.     
36       (n) Governmental Reviews. No investigation or review by any 
Governmental Authority with respect to COFI or any of its Subsidiary is 
pending or, to the best knowledge of COFI and Charter Michigan,  threatened,
nor has any Governmental Authority indicated to COFI or any  of its
Subsidiary an intention to conduct the same, other than normal  or routine
regulatory examinations.   (o) Risk Management Instruments. All material
interest rate  swaps, caps, floors, option agreements, futures and forward
contracts  and other similar risk management arrangements, whether entered
into  for COFI\'s own account, or for the account of one or more of COFI\'s 
Subsidiaries or their customers, were entered into (i) in accordance  with
prudent business practices and in all material respects in  compliance with
all applicable laws, rules, regulations and regulatory  policies and (ii)
with counterparties believed to be financially  responsible at the time; and
each of them constitutes the valid and  legally binding obligation of COFI or
one of its Subsidiaries,  enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as
enforceability may  be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization,  moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of
general  applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general  equity principles), and is in full force and effect. Neither COFI
nor  its Subsidiaries, nor to the best knowledge of COFI and Charter 
Michigan any other party thereto, is in breach of any of its  obligations
under any such agreement or arrangement in any material  respect.   (p)
Employee Benefit Plans. Each employee benefit plan,  program, policy or
arrangement (including, but not limited to each  employee benefit plan (as
defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) which COFI  or any of its Subsidiaries
maintains or contributes to for the benefit  of its current or former
employees complies, and has been administered  in form and in operation, in
all material respects with all applicable  requirements of law and no notice
has been issued by any Governmental  Authority questioning or challenging
such compliance.   (q) Environmental Matters. To the best knowledge of
COFI,  neither the conduct nor operation of business by COFI or any of its 
Subsidiaries nor any condition of any property currently or previously  owned
or operated by any of them (including, without limitation, in a  fiduciary or
agency capacity), or on which any of them holds a Lien,  results or resulted
in a violation of any Environmental Laws that is  reasonably likely to impose
a material liability (including a material  remediation obligation) upon COFI
or any of its Subsidiaries. To the  best knowledge of COFI, no condition has
existed or event has occurred  with respect to any of them or any such
property that, with notice or  the passage of time, or both, is reasonably
likely to result in any  material liability to COFI or any COFI Subsidiary by
reason of any  Environmental Laws or Materials of Environmental Concern. To
the best  knowledge of COFI, except for any notice for which there is no 
reasonable basis for the assertion of a material liability or material 
remediation obligation on the part of COFI or any COFI Subsidiary under  any
Environmental Laws or relating to Materials of Environmental  Concern,
neither COFI nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any  notice from any
Person that COFI or its Subsidiaries or the operation  or condition of any
property ever owned, operated, or held as  collateral or in a fiduciary
capacity by any of them are currently in  violation of or otherwise are
alleged to have financial exposure under  any Environmental    
37       Laws or relating to Materials of Environmental Concern
(including, but  not limited to, responsibility (or potential responsibility)
for the  cleanup or other remediation of any Materials of Environmental
Concern  at, on, beneath, or originating from any such property) for which
a  material liability is reasonably likely to be imposed upon COFI or any 
of its Subsidiaries.   (r) Labor Matters. Neither COFI nor any of its
Subsidiaries is  a party to or is bound by any collective bargaining
agreement, contract  or other agreement or understanding with a labor union
or labor  organization, nor is COFI or any of its Subsidiaries the subject of
any  proceeding material to its business, financial condition or results of 
operations asserting that it or any such Subsidiary has committed an  unfair
labor practice (within the meaning of the National Labor  Relations Act) or
any proceeding seeking to compel COFI or any such  Subsidiary to bargain with
any labor organization as to wages or  conditions of employment, nor is there
any strike or other labor  dispute involving it or any of its Subsidiaries
pending or, to the best  knowledge of COFI, threatened, nor is COFI aware of
any activity  involving its or any of its Subsidiaries\' employees seeking to
certify  a collective bargaining unit or engaging in other organizational 
activity. There are no claims, investigations or proceedings pending  or, to
the best knowledge of COFI threatened, against COFI or any COFI  Subsidiary
relating to discriminatory employment practices or sexual  harassment
material to its business, financial condition or results of  operations.  
ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS   6.01 Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Alliance and COFI agrees to
use, and shall cause each of its applicable Subsidiaries to use, its
reasonable best efforts in good faith to take, or cause to be taken, all
actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
desirable, or advisable under applicable laws, so as to permit consummation
of the Transactions as promptly as practicable (but not earlier than July 1,
2001 without the prior written consent of COFI) and otherwise to enable
consummation of the Transactions and shall cooperate fully with each other to
that end. Such reasonable best efforts shall include, without limitation,
using reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary consents, approvals or
waivers from Regulatory Authorities necessary for the consummation of the
Transactions and opposing vigorously any litigation or
administrative proceeding or directive relating to this Agreement or the
Transactions, including, promptly appealing any adverse court or agency
order.   6.02 Alliance Shareholder Approval. Alliance agrees to take,
in accordance with applicable law, the Alliance Certificate and the
Alliance By-Laws, all action necessary to convene an appropriate meeting of
its shareholders to consider and vote upon the adoption of this Agreement and
any other matter required to be approved by such shareholders for
consummation of the Company Merger (including any adjournment or postponement
thereof, the "Alliance Meeting") as promptly as practicable after the
Registration Statement is declared effective. The Alliance Board shall
unanimously recommend such adoption by the Alliance shareholders, and
Alliance and the Alliance Board (unanimously) shall take all reasonable,
lawful action to solicit such adoption by the     38      Alliance
shareholders; provided if the Alliance Board concludes by at least a majority
vote of its entire membership that the making of such recommendation would
result in a violation of its fiduciary duties to the Alliance
shareholders under Delaware law (as determined in good faith after the
receipt of advice from outside counsel), then the Alliance Board may
withdraw, modify or change such recommendation.   6.03 Registration
Statement; and Proxy Statement.   (a) COFI agrees to promptly prepare a
registration statement  on Form S-4 (the "Registration Statement") which,
subject to compliance  by Alliance with Sections 6.03(b) and (c), will comply
in all material  respects with applicable federal securities laws. The
Registration  Statement is to be filed by COFI with the SEC in connection
with the  issuance of COFI Common Stock in the Company Merger (including
the  proxy statement and prospectus and other proxy solicitation materials 
of Alliance constituting a part thereof (the "Proxy Statement") and all 
related documents). Alliance agrees to cooperate, and to cause its 
Subsidiaries, its counsel and its accountants to cooperate, with COFI,  its
counsel and its accountants, in preparation of the Registration  Statement
and the Proxy Statement; and provided that Alliance and its  Subsidiaries
have cooperated as required above, COFI agrees to file the  Registration
Statement (or the form of the Proxy Statement) in  preliminary form with the
SEC as promptly as reasonably practicable and  shall use reasonable best
efforts to cause such filing to occur within  60 days after execution of this
Agreement. If COFI files the Proxy  Statement in preliminary form, it agrees
to file the Registration  Statement with the SEC as soon as reasonably
practicable after any SEC  comments with respect to the preliminary Proxy
Statement are resolved.  Each of Alliance and COFI agrees to use all
reasonable efforts to cause  the Registration Statement to be declared
effective under the  Securities Act as promptly as reasonably practicable
after filing  thereof. COFI also agrees to use all reasonable efforts to
obtain,  prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement, all 
necessary state securities law or "Blue Sky" permits and approvals  required
for the issuance of COFI Common Stock in the Company Merger.  Alliance agrees
to furnish to COFI all information concerning Alliance,  its Subsidiaries,
officers, directors and shareholders as may be  reasonably requested in
connection with the foregoing.   (b) Each of Alliance and COFI agrees, as to
itself and its  Subsidiaries, that none of the information supplied or to be
supplied  by it for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the 
Registration Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement and  each
amendment or supplement thereto, if any, becomes effective under  the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or  omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, and (ii) the  Proxy Statement and any
amendment or supplement thereto will, at the  date of mailing to Alliance
shareholders and at the time of the  Alliance Meeting, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or  omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or  necessary to make the statements therein not misleading
or any  statement which, in the light of the circumstances under which such 
statement is made, will be false or misleading with respect to any  material
fact, or which will omit to state any material fact necessary  in order to
make the statements therein not false or misleading or  necessary to correct
any statement in any     39       earlier statement in the Proxy
Statement or any amendment or supplement  thereto. Each of Alliance and COFI
further agrees that if it shall  become aware prior to the Effective Date of
any information furnished  by it that would cause any of the statements in
the Proxy Statement to  be false or misleading with respect to any material
fact, or to omit to  state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein not  false or misleading, to promptly inform the other party thereof
and to  take the necessary steps to correct the Proxy Statement.   (c) COFI
agrees to advise Alliance, promptly after COFI  receives notice thereof, of
the time when the Registration Statement  has become effective or any
supplement or amendment has been filed, of  the issuance of any stop order or
the suspension of the qualification  of COFI Common Stock for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction, of the  initiation or threat of any proceeding for
any such purpose, or of any  request by the SEC for the amendment or
supplement of the Registration  Statement or for additional information.  
(d) At the request of COFI, Alliance shall employ a  professional proxy
solicitor to assist it in contacting shareholders in  connection with
soliciting votes for the adoption of this Agreement at  the Alliance
Meeting.   6.04 Press Releases. Each of Alliance and COFI agrees that it
will not, without the prior approval of the other party, issue any press
release or written statement for general circulation relating to the
Transactions, except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulation or
NASDAQ or NYSE rules, whichever is applicable, and then only after making
reasonable efforts to first consult with the other party. Charter Michigan
shall not issue any press release or written statement for general
circulation relating to the Transactions.   6.05 Access; Information.  
(a) Each of Alliance and COFI agrees that upon reasonable  notice and subject
to applicable laws relating to the exchange of  information, it shall afford
the other party and the other party\'s  Representatives, such access during
normal business hours throughout  the period prior to the Effective Time to
its and its Subsidiaries  books, records (including, without limitation, Tax
Returns and work  papers of independent auditors), properties, personnel and
to such  other information as the other party may reasonably request and,
during  such period, it shall furnish promptly to such other party (i) a
copy  of each material report, schedule and other document filed by it or
any  of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the requirements of federal or state 
securities, thrift, or banking laws, and (ii) all other information 
concerning the business, properties and personnel of it and its  Subsidiaries
as the other party may reasonably request. Alliance shall  also permit COFI
or its environmental consultant, at the sole expense  of COFI, to conduct
environmental audits, studies and tests on real  property currently owned,
controlled, leased or used by Alliance or any  of its Subsidiaries or upon
which any of them have a Lien; provided  however COFI shall not conduct any
subsurface or phase II environmental  assessments on any such property unless
the phase I environmental  assessment (or in the absence thereof based upon
the advise of COFI\'s  environmental consultant) indicates a reasonable basis
for conducting  further assessments, studies or testing. In the event any
subsurface or  phase II site assessments are     40       conducted
(which assessments shall be at COFI\'s sole expense), COFI  shall indemnify
Alliance for all costs and expenses associated with  returning the property
to its previous condition. Alliance shall  provide copies to COFI of any
phase I site assessments or other  environmental reports in its or its
Subsidiaries\' possession or control  with respect to any real property
previously or currently owned,  controlled, leased or used by Alliance or any
of its Subsidiaries or  upon which any of them has a Lien.   (b) Each of
Alliance and COFI agrees that it will not, and  will cause its
Representatives not to, use any information obtained  pursuant to this
Section 6.05 (as well as any other information  obtained prior to the date
hereof in connection with the entering into  of this Agreement) for any
purpose unrelated to the consummation of the  Transactions. Subject to the
requirements of law, each party will keep  confidential, and will cause its
Representatives to keep confidential,  all information and documents obtained
pursuant to this Section 6.05  (as well as any other information obtained
prior to the date hereof in  connection with the entering into of this
Agreement) unless such  information (i) was already known to such party, (ii)
becomes available  to such party from other sources not known by such party
to be bound by  a confidentiality obligation, (iii) is disclosed with the
prior written  approval of the party to which such information pertains or
(iv) is or  becomes readily ascertainable from published information or
trade  sources. In the event that this Agreement is terminated or the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall otherwise fail to be 
consummated, each party shall promptly cause all copies of documents, 
extracts thereof or notes, analyses, compilations, studies or other 
documents containing information and data as to another party hereto to  be
returned to the party which furnished the same. No investigation by  any
party of the business and affairs of the other shall affect or be  deemed to
modify or waive any representation, warranty, covenant or  agreement in this
Agreement, or the conditions to any party\'s  obligation to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this  Agreement.   (c) During the period from
the date of this Agreement to the  Effective Time, each of Alliance and COFI
shall promptly furnish each  other with copies of all monthly and other
interim financial statements  produced by it or any of its Subsidiaries in
the ordinary course of  business as the same shall become available.   6.06
Acquisition Proposal. Alliance agrees that it shall not, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries and its and its Subsidiaries\' officers, directors, agents,
advisors and affiliates not to, solicit or encourage inquiries with respect
to, or engage in any negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential
information to, or have any discussions with, or cooperate with, any Person
relating to, any Acquisition Proposal. Alliance shall immediately cease and
cause to be terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations conducted
prior to the date of this Agreement with any Person other than COFI with
respect to an Acquisition Proposal and shall use its reasonable best efforts
to enforce any confidentiality or similar agreement relating to
an Acquisition Proposal in existence on the date hereof. Alliance shall
promptly advise COFI of any Acquisition Proposal and the substance thereof
(including the identity of the Person making such Acquisition Proposal)
within 24 hours after Alliance becomes aware of such Acquisition Proposal,
and advise COFI of any material developments with respect to such Acquisition
Proposal immediately upon the occurrence thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, after receipt of an Acquisition Proposal and during the period
prior     41      to the Alliance Meeting, Alliance may provide
information at the request of or enter into negotiations or cooperate with a
third party with respect thereto, if the Alliance Board determines in good
faith, by at least a majority of its entire membership, after considering the
advice of its outside counsel, that the failure to do so would result in
violation of its fiduciary duties to the Alliance shareholders under Delaware
law.   6.07 Affiliate Agreements.   (a) Not later than the 15th day prior
to the mailing of the  Proxy Statement, Alliance shall deliver to COFI a
schedule of each  Person that, to the best of its knowledge, is or is
reasonably likely  to be, as of the date of the Alliance Meeting, deemed to
be an  "affiliate" of Alliance (each, a "Alliance Affiliate") as that term
is  used in Rule 145 under the Securities Act or SEC, which schedule shall 
be updated at least monthly thereafter until the Effective Time.   (b)
Alliance shall use its best efforts to cause each Person  who may be deemed
to be a Alliance Affiliate to execute and deliver to  COFI on or before the
date of mailing of the Proxy Statement (or in the  case of a Person who is
not deemed to be an Alliance Affiliate until a  later date, then as soon as
practicable after the date such Person is  deemed to be an Alliance
Affiliate) an agreement in the form attached  hereto as Exhibit D.   6.08
Takeover Laws. No party hereto shall take any action that would cause the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement to
be subject to requirements imposed by any Takeover Law and each of them shall
take all necessary steps within its control to exempt (or ensure
the continued exemption of) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Stock Option Agreement from, or if necessary challenge the validity
or applicability of, any applicable Takeover Law, as now or hereafter in
effect.   6.09 Conforming Entries   (a) Alliance recognizes that COFI and
its Subsidiaries may  have adopted different loan, accrual and reserve
policies (including  loan classifications and levels of reserves for possible
loan losses).  Subject to applicable law, from and after the date hereof
Alliance  shall consult and cooperate with COFI with respect to conforming
the  loan, accrual and reserve policies of Alliance and its Subsidiaries to 
those policies of COFI and its Subsidiaries, as specified in each case  in
writing from COFI to Alliance, based upon such consultation and  subject to
the conditions in Section 6.09(c).   (b) Subject to applicable law, Alliance
shall consult and  cooperate with COFI with respect to determining, as
specified in a  written notice from COFI to Alliance, based upon such
consultation and  subject to the conditions in Section 6.09(c), the amount
and the timing  for recognizing for financial accounting purposes of
Alliance\'s  expenses of the Transactions and the restructuring charges
relating to  or to be incurred in connection with the Transactions.     
42       (c) Subject to applicable law, Alliance and its Subsidiaries 
shall (i) establish and take such reserves and accruals to conform the  loan,
accrual and reserve policies of Alliance and its Subsidiaries to  the
policies of COFI and its Subsidiaries and (ii) establish and take  such
accruals, reserves and charges in order to implement such policies  and to
recognize for financial accounting purposes such expenses of the 
Transactions and restructuring charges related to or to be incurred in 
connection with the Transactions, in each case at such times as are 
reasonably requested by COFI, but in no event prior to five days before  the
Effective Date; provided, however, that on the date such reserves,  accruals
and charges are to be taken, COFI shall certify to Alliance  that all
conditions to COFI\'s and Charter Michigan\'s obligation to  consummate the
Company Merger set forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.03  hereof (subject to the
receipt of Alliance\'s officer certificate  pursuant to Section 7.03(e)) have
been satisfied or waived; and  provided, further, that Alliance and its
Subsidiaries shall not be  required to take any such action that is not
permitted under generally  accepted accounting principles.   (d) No
reserves, accruals or charges taken at the written  request of COFI in
accordance with this Section 6.09 may be a basis to  assert a violation or a
breach of a representation, warranty or  covenant of Alliance herein.  
6.10 Systems Integration. From and after the date hereof , Alliance shall
cause its and Liberty Federal\'s directors, officers and employees to,
and shall make all reasonable efforts to cause Liberty Federal\'s data
processing service providers to, cooperate and assist Charter One Bank in
connection with an electronic and systematic conversion of all applicable
data regarding Liberty Federal to Charter One Bank\'s system of electronic
data processing. In furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the foregoing,
Alliance shall cause Liberty Federal to make reasonable arrangements during
normal business hours to permit Representatives of Charter One Bank to train
Liberty Federal employees in Charter One Bank\'s system of electronic data
processing.   6.11 Listing. COFI agrees to use its best efforts to list,
prior to the Effective Time, on the NYSE, subject to official notice of
issuance, the shares of COFI Common Stock to be issued to the holders of
Alliance Common Stock in the Company Merger.   6.12 Regulatory
Applications.   (a) COFI and Alliance shall, and shall cause their
respective  Subsidiaries to, cooperate and use reasonable best efforts to
promptly  prepare all documentation, to effect all filings and to obtain
all  permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties 
and Governmental Authorities necessary to consummate the Transactions  and
shall use reasonable best efforts to file within 45 days of the  date hereof,
the applications necessary to obtain the permits,  consents, approvals and
authorizations of all Regulatory Authorities  necessary to consummate the
Transactions. Each of COFI and Alliance  shall have the right to review in
advance, and to the extent  practicable each will consult with the other, in
each case subject to  applicable laws relating to the exchange of
information, with respect  to, all material written information submitted to
any third party or  any Governmental Authority in connection with the
Transactions. In  exercising the foregoing right, each of the parties hereto
agrees to  act reasonably and as promptly as practicable. Each party hereto
agrees  that it will     43       consult with the other party
hereto with respect to the obtaining of  all material permits, consents,
approvals and authorizations of all  third parties and Governmental
Authorities necessary or advisable to  consummate the Transactions and each
party will keep the other party  apprised of the status of material matters
relating to completion of  the transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) Each
party agrees, upon request, to furnish the other  party with all information
concerning itself, its Subsidiaries,  directors, officers and shareholders
and such other matters as may be  reasonably necessary or advisable in
connection with any filing, notice  or application made by or on behalf of
such other party or any of its  Subsidiaries to any third party or
Governmental Authority.   6.13 Officers\' and Directors\' Insurance;
Indemnification.   (a) For six years from and after the Effective Time,
COFI  shall maintain officers\' and directors\' liability insurance
covering  the Persons who are presently covered by Alliance\'s current
officers\'  and directors\' liability insurance policy with respect to
actions,  omissions, events, matters or circumstances occurring prior to
the  Effective Time, on terms which are at least as favorable as the terms 
of said current policy, provided that it shall not be required to  expend in
the aggregate during the coverage period more than an amount  equal to 200%
of the annual premium most recently paid by Alliance (the  "Insurance
Amount") to maintain or procure insurance coverage pursuant  hereto, and
further provided that if COFI is unable to maintain or  obtain the insurance
called for by this Section 6.13(a), COFI shall use  its reasonable best
efforts to obtain as much comparable insurance as  is available for the
Insurance Amount which may be in the form of tail  coverage, or may request
Alliance to obtain such tail coverage at  Alliance\'s expense prior to the
Effective Time; provided, further, that  officers and directors of Alliance
or its Subsidiaries may be required  to make application and provide
customary representations and  warranties to COFI\'s insurance carrier for
the purpose of obtaining  such insurance.   (b) For a period of six years
from after the Effective Time,  COFI shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries
to, maintain and preserve  the rights to indemnification of officers and
directors provided for in  the certificate of incorporation or other charter
document (a  "Charter") and By-Laws of Alliance and each of its Subsidiaries
as in  effect on the date hereof with respect to indemnification for 
liabilities and claims arising out of acts, omissions, events, matters  or
circumstances occurring or existing prior to the Effective Time,  including,
without limitation, the Transactions, to the extent such  rights to
indemnification are not in excess of that permitted by  applicable state or
federal laws or Regulatory Authorities.   (c) In addition to and without
limitation of the rights set  forth in Section 6.13(b), for a period of six
years from after the  Effective Time, COFI shall to the fullest extent
permitted under  applicable law indemnify and hold harmless each present and
former  director and officer of Alliance (collectively, the "Indemnified 
Parties") against any and all costs, expenses (including attorneys\'  fees),
judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and  amounts paid in
settlement in connection with any pending, threatened  or    
44       completed claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation,
whether  civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of
or  pertaining to any act, omission, event, matter or circumstance 
occurring or existing prior to the Effective Time (including, without 
limitation, any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation  arising out
of or pertaining to the Transactions), and in the event of  any such claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether  arising before or after
the Effective Time) (i) COFI shall advance  expenses to each such Indemnified
Party to the fullest extent permitted  by law, including the payment of the
fees and expenses of one counsel  with respect to a matter, and one local
counsel in each applicable  jurisdiction, if necessary or appropriate,
selected by such Indemnified  Party or multiple Indemnified Parties, it being
understood that they  collectively shall only be entitled to one counsel and
one local  counsel in each applicable jurisdiction where necessary or
appropriate  (unless a conflict shall exist between Indemnified Parties in
which  case they may retain separate counsel), all such counsel shall be 
reasonably satisfactory to COFI, promptly after statements therefor are 
received and (ii) COFI will cooperate in the defense of any such  matter.  
(d) Any determination required to be made with respect to  whether an
Indemnified Party\'s conduct complies with the standards for  or
prerequisites to indemnification set forth under the DGCL, or the  Charter
and By-Law provisions referred to in Section 6.13(b), shall be  made by
independent counsel selected by COFI (which shall not be  counsel that
provides any services to COFI or any of its Subsidiaries)  and reasonably
acceptable to the Indemnified Party, and COFI shall pay  such counsel\'s fees
and expenses.   (e) This Section 6.13 shall survive the Effective Time, is 
intended to benefit each of the Indemnified Parties (each of whom shall  be
entitled to enforce this Section against COFI), and shall be binding  on all
successors and assigns of COFI.   (f) In the event COFI or any of its
successors or assigns (i)  consolidates with or merges into any other person
and shall not be the  continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or  merger, or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its
properties  and assets to one or more other Persons, then, and in each such
case,  proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of 
COFI assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.13.   (g) COFI shall
pay all expenses (including attorneys\' fees)  that may be reasonably
incurred by any Indemnified Party in enforcing  the indemnity and other
obligations provided for in this Section 6.13  if the Indemnified Party is
successful in whole or any material part or  if any dispute relating thereto
is settled or compromised.   6.14 Benefit Plans.   (a) Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, at the  Effective Time, COFI or one of its
Subsidiaries shall be substituted  for Alliance or an Alliance Subsidiary as
the sponsoring employer under  those employee benefit and welfare plans with
respect to which Alliance  or any of its Subsidiaries is a sponsoring
employer, and any other  employee benefit     45       programs,
policies, and arrangements (other than the Alliance Stock  Plans) in each
case as Previously Disclosed and in effect immediately  prior to the
Effective Time (collectively, the "Alliance  Arrangements"), and COFI or one
of its Subsidiaries shall assume and be  vested with all of the powers,
rights, duties, obligations and  liabilities previously vested in Alliance or
the applicable Alliance  Subsidiary with respect to each such Alliance
Arrangement. Each such  Alliance Arrangement shall be continued in effect by
COFI or any  applicable COFI Subsidiary after the Effective Time without a 
termination or discontinuance thereof as a result of the Transactions, 
subject to the power reserved to COFI or any applicable COFI Subsidiary 
under each such Alliance Arrangement to subsequently amend or terminate  the
Alliance Arrangement, which amendments or terminations shall comply  with
applicable law. COFI will use reasonable efforts (i) to effect  said
substitutions and assumption and (ii) to amend such Alliance  Arrangements as
to the extent necessary to provide for said  substitutions and
assumptions.   (b) Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 6.14(a)
to  the contrary, at the written request of COFI, and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, Alliance shall cause its 401(k) Pension  Plan to
be terminated or merged into a Pension Plan of COFI, as of the  Effective
Time.   (c) At or as promptly as practicable after the Effective Time  as
COFI shall reasonably determine, COFI shall provide, or cause an  COFI
Subsidiary to provide, to each continuing full time employee of  Alliance and
its wholly-owned Subsidiaries (the "Continuing Employees")  the opportunity
to participate in each employee benefit and welfare  plan maintained by COFI
or an COFI Subsidiary, whichever is applicable,  which is generally available
to its full time employees on a uniform  and non-discriminatory basis,
provided that with respect to such plans  maintained by COFI or an COFI
Subsidiary, whichever is applicable,  Continuing Employees shall be given
credit for their past service with  Alliance or an Alliance Subsidiary in
determining eligibility for  participation and vesting in benefits
thereunder, and only with respect  to vacation plans, accrual of benefits.
Continuing Employees shall not  be subject to any waiting periods under the
group health plan of COFI  or any applicable COFI Subsidiary to the extent
that such periods are  longer than the periods imposed under the applicable
Alliance group  health plan and COFI shall use its reasonable efforts to
cause its  health insurance carrier to cover pre-existing conditions that
were  previously covered for a Continuing Employee under the Alliance
health  plan. To the extent that the initial period of coverage for
Continuing  Employees under any plan of COFI or an COFI Subsidiary, whichever
is  applicable, that is an "employee welfare benefit plan" as defined in 
Section 3(1) of ERISA is not a full 12-month period of coverage,  Continuing
Employees shall be given credit under the applicable welfare  plan for any
deductibles and co-insurance payments made by such  Continuing Employees
under the corresponding Alliance welfare plan  during the balance of such
12-month period of coverage. Nothing  contained herein shall obligate COFI or
any COFI Subsidiary to provide  or cause to be provided any benefits
duplicative to those provided  under any benefit or welfare plan continued
pursuant to Section  6.14(a), including, but not limited to, extending
participation in any  plan which is a Pension Plan relative to any period of
time with  respect to which allocations are made to Continuing Employees
under any  Pension Plan maintained or     46       sponsored by
Alliance or an Alliance Subsidiary. Nothing herein shall  alter the power of
COFI or any COFI Subsidiary to amend or terminate  any benefit or welfare
plans of COFI, Alliance or their respective  Subsidiaries. Moreover, this
subsection 6.14(c) shall not confer upon  any Continuing Employee any rights
or remedies hereunder and shall not  constitute a contract of employment or
create any rights, to be  retained or otherwise, in employment at COFI or any
COFI Subsidiary.   6.15 Senior Officer Employment and Senior Officer
Executive Agreements; Change in Control Agreements; SERP; Deferred
Compensation Plans; Grantor Trust.   (a) Alliance Senior Officer Employment
Agreements, Alliance  Senior Officer Executive Agreements and New COFI
Employment Agreements.  Alliance shall cause the Alliance Senior Officer
Employment Agreements  to be canceled and terminated immediately prior to the
Effective Time  in exchange for a cash payment by Alliance, immediately prior
to the  Effective Time, of $1,005,893 to Kenne P. Bristol and $621,706 to 
Fredric G. Novy, subject in each case to the reduction of such payment  to
the extent that such payment, together with any other payments (or  deemed
payments), would constitute a "parachute payment". At the time  payment is
made to the employee pursuant to the preceding sentence,  Alliance shall
obtain a written release from the employee in form and  substance reasonably
satisfactory to COFI. COFI shall, or shall cause  Charter One Bank to, assume
and honor the Alliance Senior Officer  Executive Agreements. COFI shall, at
the Effective Time, enter into an  employment agreement with each of Fredric
G. Novy and Kenne P. Bristol  in the form of Exhibits E and F,
respectively.   (b) Liberty Federal Change in Control Agreements, Etc.
COFI  shall, or shall cause Charter One Bank to, assume and honor the
Liberty  Federal Change in Control Agreements, and any other employment and 
consulting agreement (but excluding the Alliance Senior Officer  Employment
Agreements) that are in effect on the date hereof and are  Previously
Disclosed, including, without limitation, the Burns  Employment Agreement and
the Webber Consultant Agreement. If COFI makes  a determination prior to the
Effective Time not to continue the  employment of an Liberty Federal employee
who is a party to an Liberty  Federal Change in Control Agreement and
provides a written request to  Alliance prior to the Effective Time for
Liberty Federal to terminate  the employment of such employee as of the
Effective Time, then Alliance  shall cause Liberty Federal to (a) effect such
employment termination  as of the Effective Time, (b) pay such employee his
or her change in  control payment under such employee\'s Liberty Federal
Change in Control  Agreement immediately prior to the Effective Time, subject
to the  written approval of COFI to the payment amount (which approval
shall  not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and (c) obtain a written 
release from such employee relating to all employment and compensation 
matters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to COFI, against  the
tender of payment pursuant to clause (b) above.   (c) Alliance SERP.
Alliance shall cause the Alliance SERP to  be terminated by the mutual
consent of Alliance, Liberty Federal and  the participants in the Alliance
SERP immediately prior to the  Effective Time. The aggregate accrued benefit
of the participants     47       in the Alliance SERP shall be
calculated under Section 3.3 of the  Alliance SERP (as if employment
termination occurred on the date of the  termination of the Alliance SERP).
It is agreed and acknowledged that  the accrued benefit of such participants
in the Alliance SERP, if it is  terminated on June 30, 2001, will be
$1,879,947 (or such lesser amount  using a 7% annual discount rate if
termination of the Alliance SERP  occurs prior thereto). The amount of the
$1,879,947 accrued benefit  allocable to each participant in the Alliance
SERP as of June 30, 2001  is set forth in Section 6.15(c) of Alliance\'s
Disclosure Schedule. At  the time of the termination of the Alliance SERP,
Alliance shall  expense and accrue as a liability for financial reporting
purposes the  full amount of the accrued benefit of the participants in the
Alliance  SERP less amounts previously expensed and accrued as a liability
for  financial reporting purposes. Upon termination of the Alliance SERP,
an  amount shall be invested by Alliance in a tax deferred annuity for the 
benefit of such participant and his designated beneficiaries, which tax 
deferred annuity will provide for equal monthly payments of the amount  set
forth in Section 6.15(c) of Alliance\'s Disclosure Schedule over a  period of
180 months commencing on the first day of the calendar month  after the
participant has attained the age of 65 years. In connection  with the
termination of the Alliance SERP, Alliance shall obtain a  written release
from each participant in the Alliance SERP (in form and  substance reasonably
satisfactory to COFI) releasing Alliance, Liberty  Federal, their respective
successors in interest, their respective  officers and directors, and all
fiduciaries under the Alliance SERP  from any and all liabilities and
obligations relating to the Alliance  SERP or the termination thereof, and
the agreement of such participant  to look solely to the tax- deferred
annuity product in satisfaction of  any and all obligations with respect to
his Alliance SERP benefit,  recognizing that until such tax-deferred annuity
is fully paid out to  him and/or his beneficiaries such tax deferred annuity
constitutes an  asset of Alliance (and any of its successors in interest)
subject to  the rights of the creditors of Alliance (or its successors in 
interest).   (d) Liberty Federal Deferred Compensation Plans. Alliance 
shall cause the Liberty Federal Deferred Compensation Plans to be  terminated
by the mutual consent of Alliance, Liberty Federal and the  participants in
the Liberty Federal Deferred Compensation Plans  immediately prior to the
Effective Time. Upon termination of the  Liberty Federal Deferred
Compensation Plans, the "Elective Contribution  Account" (as such term is
defined in the Liberty Federal Deferred  Compensation Plans) of each
participant, as of the date of termination  of the Liberty Federal Deferred
Compensation Plans, shall be annuitized  (using the then current prime
interest rate as published in the Wall  Street Journal) over a five year
period certain and shall be payable  quarterly commencing on October 1, 2001.
Upon such termination, an  amount shall be invested by Liberty Federal in a
tax deferred annuity  for the benefit of such participant and his designated
beneficiaries,  which tax deferred annuity will provide for substantially
equal  quarterly payments of the amount determined above, over a period of
5  years commencing on October 1, 2001. In connection with the termination 
of the Liberty Federal Deferred Compensation Plans, Alliance shall  obtain a
written release from each participant in the Liberty Federal  Deferred
Compensation Plans (in form and substance reasonably  satisfactory to COFI)
releasing Alliance, Liberty Federal, their  respective successors in
interest, their respective officers and  directors, and all fiduciaries under
the Liberty Federal Deferred  Compensation Plans from any and all liabilities
and obligations     48       relating to the Liberty Federal
Deferred Compensation Plans or the  termination thereof, and the agreement of
such participant to look  solely to the tax-deferred annuity product
purchased with his Elective  Contribution Account in satisfaction of any and
all obligations with  respect to his benefit under the Liberty Federal
Deferred Compensation  Plans, recognizing that until such tax-deferred
annuity is fully paid  out to him and/or his beneficiaries such tax deferred
annuity  constitutes an asset of Liberty Federal (and any of its successors
in  interest) subject to the rights of the creditors of Liberty Federal (or 
its successors in interest).   (e) Grantor Trust. Alliance shall cause the
Alliance Grantor  Trust to be terminated by the mutual consent of Liberty
Federal and the  participants in each "Benefit Plan" (as such term is defined
in the  Grantor Trust) immediately prior to the Effective Time. Alliance 
acknowledges that the only assets, if any, that will be in the Grantor  Trust
at the time of termination thereof will be cash equal to the  Elective
Contribution Accounts of participants in the Liberty Federal  Deferred
Compensation Plans, which amounts are to be remitted to  Liberty Federal by
the Trustee of the Alliance Grantor Trust and  invested by Liberty Federal in
the tax-deferred annuities referred to  in Section 6.15(d) above.   6.16
Alliance General Severance Plan. The parties agree that notwithstanding
anything contained to the contrary in this Agreement, Alliance and Liberty
Federal shall be permitted to adopt prior to the Effective Time a general
severance plan for the full time employees of Alliance and Liberty Federal
who are not covered by any employment, severance, change in control
or similar agreement or arrangement, in the form of Exhibit G, and at the
Effective Time, COFI shall assume and honor the obligations of Alliance
thereunder and COFI shall cause Charter One Bank to assume and honor the
obligations of Liberty Federal thereunder.   6.17 Advisory Board
Membership. At the Effective Time, each member of the Alliance Board shall be
offered the opportunity to become a member of the Alliance Bancorp Advisory
Board to be established by COFI for a three year term, which advisory board
shall advise COFI with respect to the geographic areas in which Liberty
Federal operates as of the date hereof. Each advisory board member shall
receive a quarterly fee, in arrears, in the amount of $6,250.00 during
his service as an advisory director. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
Person serving on such advisory board who subsequently becomes a director of
COFI or any COFI Subsidiary shall cease to be a member of such advisory board
on the date that he or she commences serving as a director of COFI or any
COFI Subsidiary.   6.18 COFI Liquidated Damages.   (a) If (i) the
Alliance Board shall have failed to unanimously  recommend adoption of this
Agreement to the Alliance shareholders,  withdrawn such recommendation or
modified or changed such  recommendation in a manner adverse in any respect
to the interests of  COFI, (ii) Alliance shall be in material and willful
breach of any of  its covenants contained in this Agreement such that COFI
shall be  entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(b)
after  the occurrence of any Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) the
shareholders  of Alliance do not adopt this Agreement at the Alliance Meeting
after  the occurrence of any Acquisition Proposal, then in any such event 
(except as provided in     49       Section 6.18(b)), upon
termination of this Agreement Alliance shall pay  COFI $9 million as agreed
upon liquidated damages. In addition, the $9  million liquidated damages
shall be payable by Alliance to COFI upon a  termination of this Agreement by
Alliance pursuant to Section 8.01(f).  No liquidated damages shall be payable
pursuant to this Section 6.18(a)  if either (x) COFI has acquired any shares
pursuant to the exercise of  its Option (as defined in the Stock Option
Agreement), Alliance has  repurchased the Option pursuant to the Stock Option
Agreement or  Alliance has paid COFI the Surrender Price (as defined in the
Stock  Option Agreement) pursuant to the Stock Option Agreement or (y) COFI 
refuses to execute and deliver a written release of all of COFI\'s  rights
under the Stock Option Agreement against delivery and payment of  the $9
million set forth above. Any payment made pursuant to this  Section 6.18(a)
shall be made in immediately available funds upon  demand.   (b) The
liquidated damages provided for in Section 6.18(a)  shall not be payable if
Alliance properly terminates this Agreement  pursuant to Section 8.01(b) or
8.01(d)(i).   6.19 Notification of Certain Matters. Each of Alliance and
COFI shall give prompt written notice to the other of any fact, event or
circumstance known to it that (a) is reasonably likely, individually or taken
together with all other facts, events and circumstances known to it, to
result in any Material Adverse Effect with respect to it, (b) would cause or
constitute a breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements contained herein as of the date of this Agreement or (c) would
cause or constitute a material breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained herein arising from facts,
events or circumstances after the date of this Agreement. Provided however,
any notice by Alliance to COFI pursuant to Section 6.19(c) relating to
Section 5.03(p) shall be accompanied by a report from an environmental
consultant stating either (i) there is no potential liability under the
Environmental Laws or relating to Materials of Environmental Concern and no
remediation action is necessary or (ii) the estimated maximum
potential liability (inclusive of remediation obligations) under the
Environmental Laws or relating to Materials of Environmental Concern.  
ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE COMPANY MERGER   7.01
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Company Merger. The
respective obligation of each of COFI, Charter Michigan and Alliance to
consummate the Company Merger is subject to the fulfillment or written
waiver by COFI (on behalf of itself and Charter Michigan) and Alliance prior
to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   (a) Alliance
Shareholder Approval. This Agreement shall  have been duly adopted by the
requisite vote of the shareholders of  Alliance under the DGCL and the
Alliance Certificate.   (b) Regulatory Approvals. All regulatory approvals 
required to consummate the Company Merger shall have been obtained and  shall
remain in full force and effect and all     50       statutory
waiting periods in respect thereof shall have expired and no  such approvals
shall contain (i) any conditions, restrictions or  requirements which the
COFI Board reasonably determines would either  before or after the Effective
Time have a Material Adverse Effect on  COFI or (ii) any conditions,
restrictions or requirements that are not  customary and usual for approvals
of such type and which the COFI Board  reasonably determines would either
before or after the Effective Time  be unduly burdensome.   (c) No
Injunction. No Governmental Authority of competent  jurisdiction shall have
enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or  entered any statute, rule,
regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or  other order (whether temporary,
preliminary or permanent) which is in  effect and prohibits consummation of
the Company Merger.   (d) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement
shall  have become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order 
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have  been
issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been  initiated or
threatened by the SEC.   (e) Blue Sky Approvals. All permits and other
authorizations  under state securities laws necessary to consummate the
Company Merger  and to issue the shares of COFI Common Stock in the Company
Merger  shall have been received and shall be in full force and effect.  
(f) Listing. The shares of COFI Common Stock to be issued in  the Company
Merger shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE,  subject to official
notice of issuance.   (g) Permits, Authorizations. Each of COFI, Charter
Michigan  and Alliance shall have obtained all permits, authorizations,
waivers,  approvals and consents required for the lawful consummation of
the  Company Merger, unless the failure to obtain the foregoing is not 
reasonably likely to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a  Material
Adverse Effect on Alliance or COFI.   7.02 Conditions to Obligation of
Alliance. The obligation of Alliance to consummate the Company Merger is also
subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by Alliance prior to the
Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   (a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and  warranties of COFI and Charter
Michigan set forth in this Agreement  shall be true and correct in all
material respects, subject in the case  of Specified Representations to the
standard set forth in Section 5.02,  as of the date of this Agreement and as
of the Effective Time as though  made anew on and as of the Effective Time
(except that (i)  representations and warranties that by their terms speak as
of the date  of this Agreement or some other date shall be true and correct
as of  such date and (ii) and no information provided by COFI pursuant to 
Section 6.19(c) shall cause any of the representations and warranties  in
Section 5.04 to be untrue or incorrect as of the     51      
Effective Time unless such information individually, or taken together  with
other facts, events and circumstances, is material, or is  reasonably likely
to become material, to the consolidated financial  condition or the
consolidated results of operations of COFI).   (b) Performance of
Obligations of COFI. COFI and its  Subsidiaries shall have performed in all
material respects all  obligations required to be performed by them under
this Agreement at or  prior to the Effective Time.   (c) No Material
Adverse Effect. No fact, event or circumstance  (inclusive of material
litigation which has a reasonable likelihood of  being adversely determined)
has occurred individually, or taken  together with other facts, events and
circumstances, that has resulted  in, or is reasonably likely to result in, a
Material Adverse Effect on  COFI.   (d) Officer\'s Certificate. Alliance
shall have received a  certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on
behalf of COFI by its  Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer to
the effect that  the conditions set forth in Sections 7.02(a) - (c) have been
satisfied.   (e) Opinion of Alliance\'s Counsel. Alliance shall have 
received an opinion of Luse Lehman Gorman Pomerenk and Schick, P.C.,  special
counsel to Alliance, dated the date of or shortly prior to the  first mailing
of the Proxy Statement and the Effective Date, to the  effect that, on the
basis of facts, representations and customary  assumptions set forth in such
opinion, the Company Merger constitutes a  "reorganization" within the
meaning of Section 368 of the Code. In  rendering its opinion, Luse Lehman
Gorman Pomerenk and Schick, P.C. may  require and rely upon representations
contained in letters from  Alliance, COFI and others.   7.03 Conditions to
Obligation of COFI and Charter Michigan. The obligation of COFI and Charter
Michigan to consummate the Company Merger is also subject to the fulfillment
or written waiver by COFI (on behalf of itself and Charter Michigan) prior to
the Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and  warranties of
Alliance set forth in this Agreement shall be true and  correct in all
material respects, subject in the case of Specified  Representations to the
standard set forth in Section 5.02, as of the  date of this Agreement and as
of the Effective Time as though made anew  on and as of the Effective Time
(except that (i) representations and  warranties that by their terms speak as
of the date of this Agreement  or some other date shall be true and correct
as of such date, and (ii)  no information with respect to Section 5.03(h),
(p), (q), (r) and (y)  provided by Alliance pursuant to Section 6.19(c), or
discovered by COFI  pursuant to any environmental investigation undertaken by
it pursuant  to Section 6.05(a), shall cause any such representations and
warranties  of Alliance to be untrue or incorrect as of the Effective Time,
unless  such information individually, or taken together with other facts, 
events and circumstances, is material, or is reasonably likely to  become
material, to the consolidated financial condition or the  consolidated
results of operations of Alliance.     52       (b) Performance of
Obligations of Alliance. Alliance and its  Subsidiaries shall have performed
in all material respects all  obligations required to be performed by them
under this Agreement at or  prior to the Effective Time   (c) No Material
Adverse Effect. No fact, event or circumstance  (inclusive of material
litigation which has a reasonable likelihood of  being adversely determined)
has occurred individually, or taken  together with other facts, events and
circumstances, that has resulted  in, or is reasonably likely to result in, a
Material Adverse Effect on  Alliance.   (d) Dissenters Rights. The holders
of not more than 7% of the  outstanding Alliance Common Stock have dissented
from the Company  Merger and preserved, as of the Effective Time, the right
to pursue  their right of appraisal for the fair value of their shares under
the  DGCL.   (e) Officer\'s Certificate. COFI shall have received a 
certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Alliance by  its
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer to the effect  that the
conditions set forth in Sections 7.03(a) - (d) have been  satisfied.   (f)
Opinion of COFI\'s Counsel. COFI shall have received an  opinion of Silver,
Freedman and Taff, L.L.P., special counsel to COFI,  dated the date of or
shortly prior to the first mailing of the Proxy  Statement and the Effective
Date, to the effect that, on the basis of  facts, representations and
customary assumptions set forth in such  opinion, the Company Merger
constitutes a "reorganization" under  Section 368 of the Code. In rendering
its opinion, Silver, Freedman and  Taff, L.L.P. may require and rely upon
representations contained in  letters from COFI, Alliance and others.  
ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION   8.01 Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated, and the Transactions may be abandoned:   (a) Mutual Consent. At
any time prior to the Effective Time,  by the mutual consent of COFI and
Alliance, if the Board of Directors  of each so determines by vote of a
majority of the members of its  entire Board.   (b) Breach. At any time
prior to the Effective Time, by COFI  or Alliance, if its Board of Directors
so determines by vote of a  majority of the members of its entire Board, in
the event of either:  (i) a breach by the other party of any representation
or warranty  contained herein, which breach would cause the condition in
Section  7.02(a) or 7.03(a), as applicable, to not be satisfied and which
breach  cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of 
written notice to the breaching party of such breach; or (ii) a breach  by
the other party in any material respect of any of the covenants    
53       or agreements contained herein, which breach cannot be or has
not been  cured within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the 
breaching party of such breach.   (c) Delay. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, by COFI or  Alliance, if its Board of Directors so determines
by vote of a majority  of the members of its entire Board, in the event that
the Company  Merger is not consummated by October 31, 2001, except to the
extent  that the failure of the Company Merger to be consummated arises out
of  or results from the knowing action or inaction of the party seeking to 
terminate pursuant to this Section 8.01(c).   (d) No Approval. By Alliance
or COFI, if its Board of  Directors so determines by a vote of a majority of
the members of its  entire Board, in the event (i) the approval of any
Governmental  Authority required for consummation of the Company Merger shall
have  been denied by final nonappealable action of such Governmental 
Authority or (ii) the Alliance shareholder approval required by Section 
7.01(a) is not obtained at the Alliance Meeting.   (e) Failure to Recommend,
Etc. By COFI, if its Board of  Directors so determines by a vote of a
majority of the members of its  entire Board, at any time prior to the
adoption of this Agreement by  the Alliance shareholders, if the Alliance
Board shall have failed to  unanimously recommend adoption of this Agreement
to the Alliance  shareholders, withdrawn such recommendation or modified or
changed such  recommendation in a manner adverse in any respect to the
interests of  COFI.   (f) Acquisition Proposal. By Alliance, if its Board
of  Directors so determines by vote of a majority of the members of its 
entire Board, for the sole purpose of permitting Alliance to enter into  an
agreement in respect of an Acquisition Proposal which provides more 
favorable consideration to Alliance\'s shareholders from a financial  point
of view than the consideration to be received by such  shareholders in the
Company Merger; provided however, Alliance\'s right  of termination hereon
shall only apply if it and the Alliance Board  have complied with the
obligations set forth in Sections 6.02 and 6.06.   8.02 Effect of
Termination and Abandonment. In the event of termination of this Agreement
and the abandonment of the Company Merger pursuant to this Article VIII, no
party to this Agreement shall have any liability or further obligation to any
other party hereunder except (i) under Section 6.18 or as otherwise set forth
in Section 9.01 and (ii) that termination will not relieve a breaching party
from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement giving rise to such
termination. Provided, however, if COFI pursues its rights under Section
6.18, and is paid liquidated damages by Alliance as provided in Section 6.18,
then neither COFI nor Charter Michigan shall be entitled to any other relief.
Nothing contained herein shall diminish the rights of COFI under the Stock
Option Agreement which may be separately exercised and enforced pursuant to
the terms and provisions thereof.      54       ARTICLE IX  
MISCELLANEOUS   9.01 Survival. No representations, warranties, agreements
and covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time
(other than the agreements and covenants contained in Article III, and
Sections 6.13, 6.14, 6.15, 6.16, 6.17 and this Article IX which shall survive
the Effective Time) or the termination of this Agreement if this Agreement is
terminated prior to the Effective Time (other than Sections 6.05(b), 6.18 and
8.02 and this Article IX which shall survive such termination).   9.02
Waiver; Amendment. Prior to the Effective Time, any provision of this
Agreement may be (i) waived by the Board of Directors of the party benefitted
by the provision, or (ii) amended or modified at any time, by action of the
Boards of Directors of the parties pursuant to an agreement in
writing between the parties executed in the same manner as this Agreement,
except that after the Alliance Meeting no such action shall be taken to
change or alter the form and the amount of the Merger Consideration.   9.03
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to constitute an original.   9.04 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with,
the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be
performed entirely within such State (except to the extent that mandatory
provisions of Federal law or of the MBCA are applicable).   9.05 Expenses.
Each party hereto will bear all expenses incurred by it in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Printing and mailing
expenses of the Proxy Statement shall be paid by Alliance and fees payable to
the SEC in connection with the Registration Statement shall be paid by
COFI.   9.06 Notices. All notices, requests and other communications
hereunder to a party shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
personally delivered, telecopied (with confirmation) or mailed by registered
or certified mail (return receipt requested) to such party at its address set
forth below or such other address as such party may specify by notice to the
parties hereto.      55      If to Alliance, to:   Alliance
Bancorp  One Grant Square  Hinsdale, Illinois 60521   Attention: Fredric
G. Novy, Chairman of the Board  and  Kenne P. Bristol, Chief Executive
Officer  With a copy to:   Luse Lehman Gorman Pomerenk and Schick, P.C. 
5335 Wisconsin Avenue, N.W., Suite 400  Washington, D.C. 20015   Attention:
John Gorman   If to COFI or Charter Michigan, to:   Charter One Financial,
Inc.  1215 Superior Avenue  Cleveland, Ohio 44114   Attention: Charles J.
Koch, Chief Executive Officer  and  Robert J. Vana, Chief Corporate
Counsel  With a copy to:   Silver, Freedman and Taff LLP  1100 New York
Avenue, N.W.  7th Floor East  Washington, D.C. 20005   Attention: Barry
Taff   9.07 Entire Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement , the Stock Option Agreement, and the Confidentiality Agreement
between COFI and Alliance dated November 20, 2000 represent the entire
understanding of the parties hereto with reference to the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and this Agreement supersedes any and all
other oral or written agreements heretofore made (other than the Stock Option
Agreement and the aforesaid Confidentiality Agreement). However, in the event
of any conflict between any of the terms of the aforesaid Confidentiality
Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this
Agreement     56      shall be controlling. Except with respect to
Sections 6.13, 6.14, 6.15, 6.16 and 6.17, nothing in this Agreement is
intended to confer upon any Person, other than the parties hereto or their
respective successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under
or by reason of this Agreement.   9.08 Interpretation; Effect. When a
reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such
reference shall be to a Section of, or Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation."     57       * * *    The parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be executed in counterparts by their duly authorized
officers, all as of the day and year first above written.    CHARTER ONE
FINANCIAL, INC.    By \\\s\\\Robert J. Vana 
------------------------------------  Name: Robert J. Vana  Title: Senior
Vice President,  Chief Corporate Counsel and  Corporate Secretary  
CHARTER MICHIGAN BANCORP, INC.    By \\\s\\\Robert J. Vana 
------------------------------------  Name: Robert J. Vana  Title: Senior
Vice President,  Chief Corporate Counsel and  Corporate Secretary  
ALLIANCE BANCORP    By \\\s\\\Kenne P. Bristol 
-----------------------------------  Name: Kenne P. Bristol  Title: Chief
Executive Officer and  President                58   '

