NT AND PLAN OF MERGER    EXHIBIT
2.1   ================================================================================   
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   among   BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION,  
CHARGER ACQUISITION CORP.,   INTERVENTIONAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   and  
Robert Reiss, Howard Palefsky and Douglas Rimer,  each as a member of the 
MERGER COMMITTEE   Dated as of February 15,
2001   ================================================================================    
TABLE OF CONTENTS  -----------------    Page  ----   ARTICLE I  THE
MERGER  SECTION 1.01. The
Merger......................................................2 SECTION 1.02.
Effective Time; Closing.........................................2 SECTION
1.03. Effect of the
Merger............................................2 SECTION 1.04. Articles of
Incorporation; By-laws..............................2 SECTION 1.05. Directors
and Officers..........................................3   ARTICLE II 
MERGER CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES  SECTION 2.01. Merger
Consideration............................................3 SECTION 2.02.
Payment of Merger Consideration.................................9 SECTION
2.03. Additional
Payments............................................11 SECTION 2.04. Company
Stock Options..........................................18 SECTION 2.05.
Dissenting Shares..............................................18   ARTICLE
III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY  SECTION 3.01.
Organization and Qualification; Company Subsidiaries...........19 SECTION
3.02. Articles of Incorporation and By-
laws..........................20 SECTION 3.03.
Capitalization.................................................20 SECTION
3.04. Authority Relative to this
Agreement...........................21 SECTION 3.05. No Conflict; Required
Filings and Consents.....................21 SECTION 3.06. Permits;
Compliance............................................22 SECTION 3.07.
Financial Statements...........................................23 SECTION
3.08. Absence of Certain Changes or
Events...........................23 SECTION 3.09. Absence of
Litigation..........................................24 SECTION 3.10. Employee
Benefit Plans; Labor Matters..........................24 SECTION 3.11.
Contracts......................................................27 SECTION
3.12. Environmental
Matters..........................................30 SECTION 3.13.
Intellectual Property..........................................30 SECTION
3.14.
Taxes..........................................................33 SECTION
3.15.
Assets.........................................................34 SECTION
3.16. Certain
Interests..............................................34 SECTION 3.17.
Insurance Policies.............................................35 SECTION
3.18.
Brokers........................................................35 SECTION
3.19. No
Misstatements...............................................36 SECTION 3.20.
Vote Required..................................................36  
i     ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER
SUB  SECTION 4.01. Organization and
Qualification.................................36 SECTION 4.02. Authority
Relative to this Agreement...........................37 SECTION 4.03. No
Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.....................37 SECTION 4.04.
Financing......................................................38 SECTION
4.05. Ownership of Merger Sub; No Prior
Activities...................38 SECTION 4.06.
Brokers........................................................38   ARTICLE
V  CONDUCT OF BUSINESSES PENDING THE MERGER  SECTION 5.01. Conduct of
Business by the Company Pending the Merger..........38 SECTION 5.02. Conduct
of Business by Parent Pending the Merger...............40 SECTION 5.03.
Notification of Certain Matters................................41   ARTICLE
VI  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  SECTION 6.01. Company Shareholders\'
Meeting..................................42 SECTION 6.02. Access to
Information; Confidentiality.........................42 SECTION 6.03. No
Solicitation of Transactions................................42 SECTION 6.04.
Employee Benefits Matters......................................43 SECTION
6.05. Further Action; Consents;
Filings..............................46 SECTION 6.06. Public
Announcements...........................................46 SECTION 6.07.
Expenses.......................................................46 SECTION
6.08. Company
Loans..................................................47 SECTION 6.09.
Director and Officer Indemnification...........................48 SECTION
6.10. French Valley
Contract.........................................49 SECTION 6.11. Foreign
Governmental Approvals.................................49   ARTICLE VII 
CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER  SECTION 7.01. Conditions to the Obligations of
Each Party....................49 SECTION 7.02. Conditions to the Obligations
of Parent and Merger Sub.........50 SECTION 7.03. Conditions to the
Obligations of the Company...................51   ARTICLE VIII 
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  SECTION 8.01.
Termination....................................................51 SECTION
8.02. Notice of Termination; Effect of
Termination...................52 SECTION 8.03.
Amendment......................................................52 SECTION
8.04. Extension; Waiver..............................................53  
ii     ARTICLE IX  INDEMNIFICATION  SECTION 9.01. Survival of
Representations and Warranties.....................53 SECTION 9.02.
Indemnification by the Company Shareholders....................53 SECTION
9.03. Indemnification by
Parent......................................55 SECTION 9.04. Indemnification
Procedures.....................................55 SECTION 9.05. Merger
Committee...............................................56   ARTICLE X 
POST-MERGER OPERATIONS  SECTION 10.01. Operation of
Business.........................................57   ARTICLE XI  GENERAL
PROVISIONS  SECTION 11.01.
Notices.......................................................58 SECTION
11.02. Certain
Definitions...........................................59 SECTION 11.03.
Severability..................................................65 SECTION
11.04. Assignment; Binding Effect;
Benefit...........................65 SECTION 11.05. Incorporation of
Exhibits.....................................66 SECTION 11.06. Specific
Performance..........................................66 SECTION 11.07.
Governing Law; Forum..........................................66 SECTION
11.08.
Headings......................................................66 SECTION
11.09.
Counterparts..................................................66 SECTION
11.10. Entire
Agreement..............................................66   Exhibit A Form
of Voting Agreement Exhibit B Form of Employment Agreement Exhibit C Form of
IP License Exhibit D Form of Opinion of Counsel to the Company Exhibit E
Form of Opinion of Counsel to Parent  Schedule 1.01 Principal
Shareholders Schedule 2.03(k)(i) List of Patents relating to Company Covered
Products Schedule 2.03(k)(iv) Sales Price of Company Covered Products to
Goodman  under the Goodman Agreement    iii     Agreement And Plan Of
Merger, dated as of February 15, 2001 (this "Agreement"), among BOSTON
SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), CHARGER
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent ("Merger Sub"), INTERVENTIONAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a California
corporation (the "Company"), and, for the purposes of Section 2.03, Article
IX and Article XI only, Robert Reiss, Howard Palesfky and Douglas Rimer, each
as a member of the MERGER COMMITTEE (as defined in Section 2.03(k)).   W I T
N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
this Agreement and in accordance with the General Corporations Law of the
State of Delaware (the "DGCL") and the California Corporations Code
("California Law"), Parent and the Company will enter into a business
combination transaction pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into
the Company (the "Merger");   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the
Company (i) has determined that the Merger is in the best interests of the
Company and its shareholders and has approved this Agreement, the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) will recommend
the approval of this Agreement by the shareholders of the Company;  
WHEREAS, certain shareholders of the Company own such number of shares of
common stock, no par value, of the Company (the "Company Common Stock"), such
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, no par value, of the Company
(the "Company Series A Stock"), such number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, no par value, of the Company (the "Company Series B Stock"), such
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, no par value, of the
Company (the "Company Series C Stock"), such number of shares of Series E
Preferred Stock, no par value, of the Company (the "Company Series E Stock"),
such number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock, no par value, of the
Company (the "Company Series F Stock"), such number of shares of Series G
Preferred Stock, no par value, of the Company (the "Company Series G Stock"),
and such number of shares of Series H Preferred Stock, no par value, of the
Company (the "Company Series H Stock", and together with the Company Series A
Stock, the Company Series B Stock, the Company Series C Stock, the Company
Series E Stock, the Company Series F Stock and the Company Series G Stock,
the "Company Preferred Stock"; and the Company Preferred Stock and the
Company Common Stock is referred to herein collectively as the "Company
Stock"), as is set forth in Schedule 1.01 hereto (such shareholders being
referred to herein as the "Principal Shareholders");   WHEREAS, as a
condition and inducement to Parent\'s and Merger Sub\'s entering into this
Agreement and incurring the obligations set forth herein, concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Parent is entering into a
voting agreement with each of the Principal Shareholders, dated the date
hereof (a "Voting Agreement") and substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A;   WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger, certain employees
of the Company will enter into employment agreements with the Company
(the "Employment Agreements"), substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B; and    WHEREAS, certain capitalized terms used in this
Agreement are defined in Section 11.02 of this Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements
herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   SECTION 1.01.
The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Article
VII, and in accordance with the DGCL and California Law, at the Effective
Time (as defined in Section 1.02), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into
the Company. As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation").   SECTION 1.02.
Effective Time; Closing. As promptly as practicable following the
satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article VII (or such other date as may be agreed upon by each of the parties
hereto), the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by
filing (i) a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and (ii) an agreement of merger
(the "Agreement of Merger") with the Secretary of State of the State
of California, in each case, in such form as is required by, and executed
in accordance with, the relevant provisions of the DGCL or California
Law, respectively. The term "Effective Time" means the date and time of (a)
the later of (i) the filing of the Agreement of Merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of California and (ii) the filing of the Certificate of
Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or (b) such later
time as may be agreed upon by each of the parties hereto and specified in the
Certificate of Merger and the Agreement of Merger. Immediately prior to the
filing of the Agreement of Merger, a closing (the "Closing") will be held at
the offices of Shearman and Sterling, 555 California Street, San Francisco,
California 94104 (or such other place as the parties may agree). The date on
which the Closing shall occur is referred to herein as the "Closing
Date".   SECTION 1.03. Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time,
the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in the applicable provisions
of California Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
subject thereto, at the Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of each of the Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions,
disabilities and duties of each of the Company and Merger Sub shall become
the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of
the Surviving Corporation.   SECTION 1.04. Articles of Incorporation; By-
laws. (a) At the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation shall be amended to contain only the provisions of the
Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to
the   2   Effective Time, and such amended Articles of Incorporation
shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended as provided by law and such Articles of Incorporation;
provided, however, that such Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation shall contain provisions with respect to exculpation and
indemnification which are at least as favorable to the Company Indemnified
Parties (as defined in Section 6.09 hereof) as the Articles of Incorporation
of the Company in effect on the date hereof, and provided further that such
Articles of Incorporation may only be amended in accordance with the terms of
Section 6.09 hereof.   (b) At the Effective Time, the By-laws of Merger Sub,
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the By-laws of
the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by law, the
Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such By-laws;
provided, however, that such By-laws of the Surviving Corporation shall
contain provisions with respect to exculpation and indemnification which are
at least as favorable to the Company Indemnified Parties (as defined in
Section 6.09 hereof) as the By-laws of the Company in effect on the date
hereof, and provided further that such By-laws may only be amended in
accordance with the terms of Section 6.09 hereof.   SECTION 1.05. Directors
and Officers. The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to
hold office in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation and By-laws of
the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving
Corporation, in each case until their respective successors are duly elected
or appointed and qualified.   ARTICLE II   MERGER CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE
OF CERTIFICATES   SECTION 2.01. Merger Consideration. (a) At the Effective
Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent,
Merger Sub, the Company, the Merger Committee or the holders of any of the
following securities, pursuant to this Agreement, the Agreement of Merger,
California Law and the DGCL:   (i) each share of Company Common Stock
issued and outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
any shares of  Company Common Stock to be cancelled pursuant to Section
2.01(a)(ix)  and any Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.05)) shall
be  converted into the right to receive the Common Stock Merger 
Consideration (as defined in Section 2.01(b)) payable, without  interest,
except as provided by Section 2.03(d)(ii) and Section  9.02(c), to the holder
of such share of Company Common Stock, upon  surrender, in the manner
provided in Section 2.02, of the certificate  that formerly evidenced such
share;   (ii) each share of Company Series A Stock issued and  outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any  share of Company
Series A Stock to be cancelled pursuant to Section  2.01(a)(ix) and any
Dissenting Shares) shall be   3    converted into the right to receive
the Series A Merger Consideration  (as defined in Section 2.01(b)), payable,
without interest, except as  provided by Section 2.03(d)(ii) and Section
9.02(c), to the holder of  such share of Company Series A Stock, upon
surrender, in the manner  provided in Section 2.02, of the certificate that
formerly evidenced  such share;   (iii) each share of Company Series B
Stock issued and  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
than any  share of Company Series B Stock to be cancelled pursuant to
Section  2.01(a)(ix) and any Dissenting Shares) shall be converted into the 
right to receive the Series B Merger Consideration (as defined in  Section
2.01(b)), payable, without interest, except as provided by  Section
2.03(d)(ii) and Section 9.02(c), to the holder of such share of  Company
Series B Stock, upon surrender, in the manner provided in  Section 2.02, of
the certificate that formerly evidenced such share;   (iv) each share of
Company Series C Stock issued and  outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than any  share of Company Series C Stock to be
cancelled pursuant to Section  2.01(a)(ix) and any Dissenting Shares) shall
be converted into the  right to receive the Series C Merger Consideration (as
defined in  Section 2.01(b)), payable, without interest, except as provided
by  Section 2.03(d)(ii) and Section 9.02(c), to the holder of such share of 
Company Series C Stock, upon surrender, in the manner provided in  Section
2.02, of the certificate that formerly evidenced such share;   (v) each
share of Company Series E Stock issued and  outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (other than any  share of Company Series E Stock to be
cancelled pursuant to Section  2.01(a)(ix) and any Dissenting Shares) shall
be converted into the  right to receive the Series E Merger Consideration (as
defined in  Section 2.01(b)), payable, without interest, except as provided
by  Section 2.03(d)(ii) and Section 9.02(c), to the holder of such share of 
Company Series E Stock, upon surrender, in the manner provided in  Section
2.02, of the certificate that formerly evidenced such share;   (vi) each
share of Company Series F Stock issued and  outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (other than any  share of Company Series F Stock to be
cancelled pursuant to Section  2.01(a)(ix) and any Dissenting Shares) shall
be converted into the  right to receive the Series F Merger Consideration (as
defined in  Section 2.01(b)), payable, without interest, except as provided
by  Section 2.03(d)(ii) and Section 9.02(c), to the holder of such share of 
Company Series F Stock, upon surrender, in the manner provided in  Section
2.02, of the certificate that formerly evidenced such share;   (vii) each
share of Company Series G Stock issued and  outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (other than any  share of Company Series G Stock to be
cancelled pursuant to Section  2.01(a)(ix) and any Dissenting Shares) shall
be converted into the  right to receive the Series G Merger Consideration (as
defined in  Section 2.01(b)), payable, without interest, except as provided
by  Section 2.03(d)(ii) and   4    Section 9.02(c), to the holder of
such share of Company Series G Stock,  upon surrender, in the manner provided
in Section 2.02, of the  certificate that formerly evidenced such share;  
(viii) each share of Company Series H Stock issued and  outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any  share of Company
Series H Stock to be cancelled pursuant to Section  2.01(a)(ix) and any
Dissenting Shares) shall be converted into the  right to receive the Series H
Merger Consideration (as defined in  Section 2.01(b)), payable, without
interest, except as provided by  Section 2.03(d)(ii) and Section 9.02(c), to
the holder of such share of  Company Series H Stock, upon surrender, in the
manner provided in  Section 2.02, of the certificate that formerly evidenced
such share;   (ix) each share of Company Stock held in the treasury of the 
Company and each share of Company Stock owned by Parent or any direct  or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent or of the Company  immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and  extinguished without any
conversion thereof and no payment or  distribution shall be made with respect
thereto; and   (x) each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of  Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective 
Time shall be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued,  fully
paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per  share, of
the Surviving Corporation.   (b) As used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:   (i) "Actual Performance Stock
Amount" means the number of  shares of Company Common Stock subject to the
Performance-Based Options  (as defined in Section 2.04) which would have
actually vested (assuming  that the Performance Option Plan (as defined in
Section 2.04) had not  been cancelled pursuant to Section 2.04 and that the
Performance-Based  Options had not been exchanged pursuant to Section 2.04)
under the  terms of such Performance-Based Options as of October 31,
2001.   (ii) "Aggregate Merger Consideration" means the Initial Merger 
Consideration plus the Contingent Payments (as defined in Section  2.03(a)),
if earned pursuant to Section 2.03 and subject to setoff  pursuant to Section
9.02(c).   (iii) "Common Stock Merger Consideration" means the amount 
equal to the quotient of the Aggregate Merger Consideration divided by  the
Fully Diluted Company Stock Amount.   (iv) "Contingent Per Share Payment"
means, with respect to  each Contingent Payment, (A) with respect to the
Company Common Stock,  an amount equal to the applicable Contingent Payment
amount divided by  the Fully Diluted Company Stock Amount (the "Base
Contingent Amount");  (B) with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to  the Series A Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base
Contingent Amount,  (C) with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to   5    the Series B Conversion Ratio multiplied by the
Base Contingent Amount,  (D) with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to  the Series C Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base
Contingent Amount,  (E) with respect to the Series E Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to  the Series E Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base
Contingent Amount,  (F) with respect to the Series F Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to  the Series F Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base
Contingent Amount,  (G) with respect to the Series G Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to  the Series G Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base
Contingent Amount,  and (H) with respect to the Series H Preferred Stock, an
amount equal  to the Series H Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base
Contingent  Amount.   (v) "Fully Diluted Company Stock Amount" means the
number of  shares of Company Common Stock equal to the sum of (A) the number
of  shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior 
to the Effective Time and (B) the number of shares of Company Common  Stock
issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of all securities  issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are  exercisable,
convertible or exchangeable for shares of Company Common  Stock, including,
without limitation, the Company Stock Options (as  defined in Section 2.04),
whether or not exercisable and whether or not  vested, subject to Section
6.04(e)(ii), but excluding, however,(i) the  Company Loans (as defined in
Section 6.08(d)), and (ii) 104,100 shares  of Company Common Stock which
would have been issuable upon the  exercise of outstanding Performance-Based
Options (representing the  number of duplicative shares granted to more than
one Company  Optionholder pursuant to Performance-Based Options (as defined
in  Section 2.04 below) that can only vest, by their terms, for one such 
Company Optionholder (the "Duplicative Options")).   (vi) "Initial Merger
Consideration" means $330 million in  cash, less any deductions pursuant to
Section 6.07 and any adjustments  made pursuant to Section 6.04(e)(iii), plus
an additional cash amount  equal to sum of the aggregate exercise price (A)
paid or payable by the  holders of Company Stock Options to the Company
pursuant to Section  2.04 upon the exercise of all the Time-Vested Stock
Options (as defined  in Section 2.04) outstanding on the date of this
Agreement or granted  after the date of this Agreement but before the
Effective Time  (assuming the exercise in full of all such Time-Vested Stock
Options,  but excluding any such Time-Vested Stock Options which are
cancelled  between the date hereof and the Effective Time) and (B) that would
have  been payable by the Performance Optionees (as defined in Section 
6.04(d)) to the Company pursuant to Section 6.04(d) upon the exercise  of all
the Performance-Based Options other than the Duplicative Options  (assuming
the exercise in full of all such Performance-Based Options),  provided,
however, that Parent shall not be required to transfer more  than $330
million to the Paying Agent (as defined in Section 2.02(a))  to satisfy its
obligations hereunder to pay the Initial Merger  Consideration.   (vii)
"Initial Per Share Common Payment" means an amount equal  to the Initial
Merger Consideration divided by the Fully Diluted Common  Stock Amount.  
(viii) "Initial Per Share Payment" shall mean: (A) with  respect to the
Company Common Stock, an amount equal to the Initial Per  Share Common
Payment, (B) with   6    respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to the Series  A Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Initial Per
Share Common Payment,  (C) with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to  the Series B Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Initial Per
Share  Common Payment, (D) with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, an 
amount equal to the Series C Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Initial  Per
Share Common Payment, (E) with respect to the Series E Preferred  Stock, an
amount equal to the Series E Conversion Ratio multiplied by  the Initial Per
Share Common Payment, (F) with respect to the Series F  Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to the Series F Conversion Ratio  multiplied by the Initial Per
Share Common Payment, (G) with respect to  the Series G Preferred Stock, an
amount equal to the Series G  Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Initial Per
Share Common Payment,  and (H) with respect to the Series H Preferred Stock,
an amount equal  to the Series H Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Initial
Per Share  Common Payment.   (ix) "Maximum Performance Stock Amount" means
(assuming that  the Performance Option Plan (as defined in Section 2.04) had
not been  cancelled pursuant to Section 2.04 and that the Performance-Based 
Options had not been exchanged pursuant to Section 2.04) the maximum  number
of shares of Company Common Stock which would have been issuable  upon
exercise of all Performance-Based Options (excluding all  Duplicative
Options) pursuant to the Performance Option Plan had the  performance targets
set forth in such Performance-Based Options been  met as of the Effective
Time.   (x) "Per Share Merger Consideration" means, as applicable, the 
Common Stock Merger Consideration, the Series A Merger Consideration,  the
Series B Merger Consideration, the Series C Merger Consideration,  the Series
E Merger Consideration, the Series F Merger Consideration,  the Series G
Merger Consideration or the Series H Merger Consideration.   (xi)
"Performance Remainder Per Share Payment" shall mean,  with respect to the
Initial Performance Bonus Remainder (as defined in  Section 6.04(d)) or a
Subsequent Performance Bonus Remainder (as  defined in Section 6.04(d)), as
the case may be (each of the Initial  Performance Bonus Remainder and the
Subsequent Performance Bonus  Remainders being hereinafter referred to as a
"Performance Bonus  Remainder"), (A) with respect to the Company Common
Stock, an amount,  in cash, equal to (x) the Performance Bonus Remainder
divided by (y)  the Fully Diluted Company Stock Amount minus the Unearned
Performance  Stock Amount (such cash amount, the "Base Remainder Amount");
(B) with  respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, an amount, in cash, equal
to  the Series A Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base Remainder Amount; 
(C) with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, an amount, in cash,  equal
to the Series B Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base Remainder  Amount;
(D) with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, an amount, in  cash, equal
to the Series C Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base  Remainder Amount;
(E) with respect to the Series E Preferred Stock, an  amount, in cash, equal
to the Series E Conversion Ratio multiplied by  the Base Remainder Amount;
(F) with respect to the Series F Preferred  Stock, an amount, in cash, equal
to the Series F Conversion Ratio  multiplied by the Base Remainder Amount;
(G) with respect to the Series  G Preferred Stock, an amount, in cash, equal
to the Series G Conversion  Ratio multiplied by the Base Remainder Amount;
and (H) with respect to  the   7    Series H Preferred Stock, an amount,
in cash, equal to the Series H  Conversion Ratio multiplied by the Base
Remainder Amount.   (xii) "Series A Conversion Ratio" means the number of
shares  of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of
Company  Series A Stock pursuant to the terms of the Company\'s Articles of 
Incorporation, which as of the date hereof is 0.2500 and which is  subject to
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of the Company\'s  Articles of
Incorporation.   (xiii) "Series B Conversion Ratio" means the number of
shares  of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of
Company  Series B Stock pursuant to the terms of the Company\'s Articles of 
Incorporation, which as of the date hereof is 0.4638 and which is  subject to
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of the Company\'s  Articles of
Incorporation.   (xiv) "Series C Conversion Ratio" means the number of
shares  of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of
Company  Series C Stock pursuant to the terms of the Company\'s Articles of 
Incorporation, which as of the date hereof is 0.6046 and which is  subject to
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of the Company\'s  Articles of
Incorporation.   (xv) "Series E Conversion Ratio" means the number of shares
of  Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Company 
Series E Stock pursuant to the terms of the Company\'s Articles of 
Incorporation, which as of the date hereof is 0.2500 and which is  subject to
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of the Company\'s  Articles of
Incorporation.   (xvi) "Series F Conversion Ratio" means the number of
shares  of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of
Company  Series F Stock pursuant to the terms of the Company\'s Articles of 
Incorporation, which as of the date hereof is 1.0000 and which is  subject to
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of the Company\'s  Articles of
Incorporation.   (xvii) "Series G Conversion Ratio" means the number of
shares  of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of
Company  Series G Stock pursuant to the terms of the Company\'s Articles of 
Incorporation, which as of the date hereof is 1.176 and which is  subject to
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of the Company\'s  Articles of
Incorporation.   (xviii) "Series H Conversion Ratio" means the number of
shares  of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of
Company  Series H Stock pursuant to the terms of the Company\'s Articles of 
Incorporation, which as of the date hereof is 1.0000 and which is  subject to
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of the Company\'s  Articles of
Incorporation.   (xix) "Series A Merger Consideration" means the amount
equal  to the Common Stock Merger Consideration multiplied by the Series A 
Conversion Ratio.   8    (xx) "Series B Merger Consideration" means the
amount equal to  the Common Stock Merger Consideration multiplied by the
Series B  Conversion Ratio.   (xxi) "Series C Merger Consideration" means
the amount equal  to the Common Stock Merger Consideration multiplied by the
Series C  Conversion Ratio.   (xxii) "Series E Merger Consideration" means
the amount equal  to the Common Stock Merger Consideration multiplied by the
Series E  Conversion Ratio.   (xxiii) "Series F Merger Consideration" means
the amount equal  to the Common Stock Merger Consideration multiplied by the
Series F  Conversion Ratio.   (xxiv) "Series G Merger Consideration" means
the amount equal  to the Common Stock Merger Consideration multiplied by the
Series G  Conversion Ratio.   (xxv) "Series H Merger Consideration" means
the amount equal  to the Common Stock Merger Consideration multiplied by the
Series H  Conversion Ratio.   (xxvi) "Unearned Performance Stock Amount"
means the number of  shares determined by subtracting the Actual Performance
Stock Amount  from the Maximum Performance Stock Amount.   SECTION 2.02.
Payment of Merger Consideration. (a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent
shall designate a bank or trust company to act as agent (the "Paying Agent")
for the holders of shares of Company Stock to receive the funds to which
holders of Company Stock shall become entitled hereunder. Promptly after the
Closing Date (but in any event within five days thereof), Parent shall
transfer to the Paying Agent the cash, subject to Section 2.02(f), necessary
to pay the Initial Merger Consideration. Parent shall transfer to the Paying
Agent the cash (subject to Section 2.02(f)) necessary to pay (i)
the Contingent Payments, if earned, in accordance with Section 2.03(b) or
(d), as the case may be (a portion of which may be subject to offset pursuant
to the terms of Section 9.02(c) and a portion of which may be used to fund
the Performance Bonus Plan in accordance with Section 6.04(d) and the 280G
Plan in accordance with Section 6.04(e)(iv)); (ii) the Initial Performance
Bonus Remainder (as defined in Section 6.04(d)), if any, owing to Company
Shareholders pursuant to Section 6.04(d) on the earlier to occur of (A) the
date Parent is obligated to transfer to the Paying Agent the next Contingent
Payment pursuant to Section 2.03(b) or (d) after October 31, 2001 or (B) the
first anniversary of the Closing Date; and (iii) the Subsequent Performance
Bonus Remainders (as defined in Section 6.04(d)), if any, owing to Company
Shareholders pursuant to Section 6.04(d) on the later to occur of (A) October
31, 2001 or (B) the date on which the Contingent Payment to which such
Subsequent Performance Bonus Remainder relates is due pursuant to Section
2.03(b) or (d), as the case may be. Such funds shall be invested by the
Paying Agent as directed by Parent. Parent shall pay the fees and expenses of
the Paying Agent.   (b) Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall
cause to be mailed to each person who was, at the Effective Time, a holder of
record of shares of Company Stock entitled to receive the applicable Per
Share Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.01(a) a form of letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title   9   to the certificates evidencing such shares of
Company Stock (the "Certificates") shall pass, only upon proper delivery of
the Certificates to the Paying Agent) and instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the Certificates pursuant to such letter of transmittal.
Upon surrender to the Paying Agent of a Certificate, together with such
letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with
the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may be required
pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor the applicable Per Share Merger
Consideration and any Performance Remainder Per Share Payments (of which (i)
the Initial Per Share Payment shall be due and payable promptly following
surrender of such Certificate pursuant to this Section 2.02(b), (ii) each
Contingent Per Share Payment, if earned, shall be due and payable
promptly following receipt by the Paying Agent of such Contingent Payments
from Parent in accordance with Section 2.03(b) or (d), as the case may be,
and (iii) the Performance Remainder Per Share Payment, if any, shall be due
and payable promptly following receipt by the Paying Agent of such
Performance Remainder Per Share Payment) for each share of Company Stock
formerly evidenced by such Certificate, and such Certificate shall then be
cancelled. No interest, except as provided by Section 2.03(d)(ii) and Section
9.02(c), shall accrue or be paid on the applicable Per Share Merger
Consideration or any Performance Remainder Per Share Payment. If the payment
equal to the applicable Per Share Merger Consideration or any Performance
Remainder Per Share Payment is to be made to a person other than the person
in whose name the surrendered Certificate formerly evidencing shares of
Company Stock is registered on the stock transfer books of the Company, it
shall be a condition of payment that the Certificate so surrendered shall be
endorsed properly or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and that the
person requesting such payment shall have paid all transfer and other taxes
required by reason of the payment of the applicable Per Share Merger
Consideration or any Performance Remainder Per Share Payment to a person
other than the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or
shall have established to the satisfaction of Parent that such taxes either
have been paid or are not applicable.   (c) At any time following the sixth
month after the Initial Merger Consideration, a Contingent Payment or any
portion of a Performance Bonus Remainder, as the case may be, has been
transferred to the Paying Agent, the Parent shall be entitled to require the
Paying Agent to deliver to it any funds which had been made available to the
Paying Agent and not disbursed to holders of shares of Company Stock
(including, without limitation, all interest and other income received by the
Paying Agent in respect of all funds made available to it). Thereafter, such
holders shall be entitled to look to Parent (subject to abandoned property,
escheat and other similar laws) only as general creditors thereof with
respect to any applicable Per Share Merger Consideration or any Performance
Remainder Per Share Payment that may be payable upon due surrender of the
Certificates held by them; provided, however, that in no event shall
the amount paid to such holders exceed the amount returned to Parent pursuant
to the first sentence of this Section 2.02(c). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither the Surviving Corporation nor the Paying Agent shall be liable to any
holder of a share of Company Stock for any applicable Per Share Merger
Consideration or any Performance Remainder Per Share Payment delivered in
respect of such share of Company Stock to a public official pursuant to any
abandoned property, escheat or other similar law.   (d) At the close of
business on the day of the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the
Company shall be closed and thereafter there shall be no further
registration   10   of transfers of shares of Company Stock on the
records of the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of
shares of Company Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall cease to have any rights with respect to such shares of Company Stock,
except as otherwise provided herein or by applicable law, and shall be deemed
to represent only the right to receive upon surrender of the applicable Per
Share Merger Consideration or any Performance Remainder Per Share Payment.
After the Effective Time, no dividends, interest or other distributions shall
be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered shares of Company Stock. The
applicable Per Share Merger Consideration or any Performance Remainder Per
Share Payment paid pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been
paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the surrendered Company
Stock.   (e) Each of the Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be entitled
to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to
this Agreement to any Company Shareholder (as defined in Section 3.03(d))
such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the
making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To
the extent that amounts are so withheld by the Surviving Corporation or
Parent, as the case may be, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Company Shareholder in
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving
Corporation or Parent, as the case may be.   (f) All cash amounts,
including the Contingent Per Share Payments, if earned, and the Performance
Remainder Per Share Payments, if any, payable to a holder of Certificates
shall be rounded upward to the nearest whole cent and shall be paid to the
Company Shareholders by the Paying Agent by check or wire transfer in
immediately available funds (in accordance with the Paying Agent\'s customary
practice) pursuant to the written payment instructions delivered by each
Company Shareholder to the Paying Agent upon surrender of such Company
Shareholder\'s Certificate.   (g) In the event any Certificate shall have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Paying Agent, subject to such other
conditions as the Paying Agent may reasonably impose (including the posting
of an indemnity bond or other surety in favor of Parent with respect to the
Certificate alleged to be lost, stolen or destroyed, provided, however, that
the cost to a Company Shareholder of such indemnity bond shall not exceed 2%
of the value of the shares represented by such Certificate), shall be
authorized to accept an affidavit from the record holder of such Certificate
in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Paying Agent and upon receipt of
such affidavit issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificates, the applicable Per Share Merger Consideration and any
Performance Remainder Per Share Payments in respect thereof pursuant to this
Agreement.   SECTION 2.03. Additional Payments. (a) Contingent
Payments. Parent shall pay to the Company Shareholders (as defined in Section
3.03(d)) as additional consideration for the shares of Company Stock
(collectively, the "Contingent Payments", and each, a "Contingent Payment")
additional amounts, if earned, in accordance with the following terms (a
portion of which may be subject to offset pursuant to the terms of Section
9.02(c)):   11    (i) an additional payment of $68 million (the
"License  Contingent Payment") in the event that (A) within 12 months from
the  Closing Date the parties thereto, other than Parent or any affiliate
of  Parent, execute, or indicate in writing their willingness to execute 
(conditioned only on the similar execution by Parent or an affiliate of 
Parent), a license with respect to certain Intellectual Property 
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the "IP  License"),
or (B) following the 12 month anniversary of the Closing  Date, Parent or any
affiliate of Parent executes the IP License;   (ii) at the end of the first
consecutive six-month period  during the Earn-Out Period in which Six-Month
Net Sales exceeds $50  million (the "Six-Month Target Amount"), an additional
amount equal to  $70 million (the "Six-Month Contingent Payment"); and  
(iii) at the end of the first consecutive 12-month period  during the Earn-
Out Period in which Twelve-Month Net Sales exceeds $150  million (the
"Twelve-Month Target Amount"), an additional amount equal  to $150 million
(the "Twelve-Month Contingent Payment", and together  with the Six-Month
Contingent Payment, the "Net Sales Contingent  Payments").   (b) License
Contingent Payment. Upon receipt of the IP License by the Company in the form
contemplated by Section 2.03(a)(i), the Merger Committee shall deliver a
written notice (the "License Notice") to Parent stating that the IP License
has been received by the Company and providing a copy of such license for
Parent\'s review. Within 30 days after the License Notice has been received
by Parent, Parent shall pay the License Contingent Payment by transferring to
the Paying Agent the cash (subject to Section 2.02(f)) necessary to pay the
License Contingent Payment.   (c) Net Sales Statements. (i) From the Closing
Date through the end of the Earn-Out Period (as defined in Section 2.03(k)),
for each calendar month Parent shall deliver to the Merger Committee a
statement setting forth for each of the Company Covered Products the Net
Sales (as defined in Section 2.03(k)) (which statement shall also list unit
quantities and the Net Sales amount of Company Covered Products shipped by
Parent and its affiliates by product family in the United States, Japan and
Europe, assuming standard foreign exchange rates and with a weighted average
exchange rate for such currencies during such calendar month) for the
preceding calendar month (each, a "Net Sales Statement") within thirty
calendar days following the end of the preceding calendar month. Each party
hereto agrees to, and (if applicable) shall use its reasonable efforts to
cause its agents, representatives, affiliates, shareholders, employees,
officers and directors, to treat and hold as confidential (and not disclose
or provide access to any person except to the arbitrator, if necessary
pursuant to Section 2.03(f) or the accounting firm, if any, retained by the
Merger Committee pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii)) all information contained
and relating to the Net Sales Statements.   (ii) After receipt of each Net
Sales Statement, the Merger  Committee shall have 20 days to review such Net
Sales Statement and  request a copy of any materials that are reasonably
necessary to verify  the Net Sales Statement (the later of the date such 20
day period  expires and the date when the Merger Committee receives all
such  requested additional materials, if any, being the "Net Sales Review 
Date"). If the Merger   12    Committee deems it necessary, it shall
further consult with a  nationally recognized accounting firm (which shall
enter into a  customary confidentiality agreement with Parent) selected by
the Merger  Committee and which shall be reasonably acceptable to Parent.
The  reasonable fees and expenses of the accounting firm retained by the 
Merger Committee in conducting its review pursuant to this Section 
2.03(c)(ii) shall be paid in accordance with Section 2.03(j) below. The 
Merger Committee shall make such further investigations as it deems 
appropriate.   (iii) The Merger Committee may dispute any amounts
reflected  on any Net Sales Statement, but only on the basis that (A) the
amounts  reflected on such Net Sales Statement were not arrived at in
accordance  with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the preparation of 
Parent\'s consolidated financial statements or (B) such amounts do not 
properly reflect the gross revenue from sales, credits, refunds,  allowances,
discounts, rebates, charges, taxes or duties attributable  to the Company
Covered Products; provided, however, that the Merger  Committee must notify
Parent in writing of each disputed item,  specifying the amount in dispute
and setting forth, in reasonable  detail, the basis of such dispute. Parent
and the Merger Committee  shall in good faith, within 15 days (or such longer
period as the  parties may agree) following such notice (the "Net Sales
Resolution  Period"), attempt to resolve their differences.   (iv) Any
amount remaining in dispute at the conclusion of the  Net Sales Resolution
Period (the "Unresolved Net Sales Items") shall be  immediately submitted to
the dispute resolution and arbitration process  set forth in Section 2.03(f).
Any such amount submitted by Parent shall  be deemed the "Final Parent
Amount" and any such amount submitted by  the Merger Committee shall be
deemed the "Final Merger Committee  Amount," provided, however, that, after
all discovery and not less than  five days prior to any arbitration hearing,
Parent shall be entitled to  adjust the Final Parent Amount and the Merger
Committee shall be  entitled to adjust the Final Merger Committee Amount in
the event that  subsequent events come to light which would show greater or
lesser Net  Sales than originally considered by Parent or the Merger
Committee in  their original calculations. The term "Final Net Sales
Calculations",  as used in this Agreement, shall mean the definitive Net
Sales agreed  to (or deemed agreed to) by Parent and the Merger Committee
under  Section 2.03(c)(iii) or, if Unresolved Net Sales Items are submitted
to  arbitration, such definitive Net Sales as adjusted to reflect the 
determination of the dispute resolution and arbitration process set  forth in
Section 2.03(f).   (v) During the calculation of the monthly Net Sales and
the  period of any review or dispute within the contemplation of this 
Agreement, (A) each party hereto shall provide, or cause to be  provided, to
the other parties and their authorized representatives,  access to all
relevant books, records, workpapers and employees of  Parent and the Merger
Committee, as the case may be, to the extent such  materials or persons are
within their possession or control and (B)  Parent and the Merger Committee
shall cooperate fully with each other  and their authorized representatives,
including the provision, on a  timely basis, of all information necessary or
useful.   (d) Net Sales Contingent Payment.   13    (i) Parent shall be
obligated to pay a Net Sales Contingent  Payment within 40 days following any
calendar month in which the  Six-Month Target Amount or the Twelve-Month
Target Amount, as the case  may be, was earned in accordance with Section
2.03(a)(ii) or (iii)  (such payment date being a "Net Sales Contingent
Payment Date"), by  transferring to the Paying Agent the cash (subject to
Section 2.02(f)),  without interest, necessary to pay the applicable Net
Sales Contingent  Payment.   (ii) In the event that (A) Parent has
delivered a Net Sales  Statement to the Merger Committee in accordance with
Section 2.03(c)(i)  and such Net Sales Statement indicates Net Sales during
the month  covered by such Net Sales Statement that, together with the
aggregate  Net Sales in the preceding five-month or eleven-month period, as
the  case may be, are less than the Six-Month Target Amount or the  Twelve-
Month Target Amount, as the case may be, and (B) the Merger  Committee has
successfully disputed such Net Sales Statement in  accordance with Section
2.03(c)(iii) or Section 2.03(f) resulting in  the determination of a Final
Net Sales Calculation for such month (such  determination date being a
"Determination Date") which, when aggregated  with the Net Sales for the
preceding five-month or eleven-month period,  as the case may be, equals or
exceeds the Six-Month Target Amount or  the Twelve-Month Target Amount, as
the case may be, then in such event  Parent shall pay, within ten days after
such Determination Date, the  Six-Month Contingent Payment or Twelve-Month
Contingent Payment, as the  case may be, by transferring to the Paying Agent
the cash (subject to  Section 2.02(f) and Section 2.03(j)) necessary to pay
the applicable  Net Sales Contingent Payment, together with interest on such
Net Sales  Contingent Payment calculated from the Net Sales Contingent
Payment  Date at the rate announced by J.P. Morgan Chase and Co. at its
principal  office as its prime commercial lending rate as of the first of
January  of the year in which the interest accrues.   (iii) In the event a
Net Sales Contingent Payment is paid, a  letter from Parent shall accompany
the applicable payments to the  Company Shareholders indicating all amounts,
if any, withheld pursuant  to Section 9.02(c) below. In the event that Parent
determines according  to this Section 2.03 that a Net Sales Contingent
Payment is not to be  paid during the Earn-Out Period, Parent shall as
promptly as  practicable notify the Merger Committee in writing of such fact,
which  notice shall describe the basis of Parent\'s determination, and
Parent  and the Merger Committee shall issue a joint letter to the Company 
Shareholders notifying them of such fact.   (e) Assignability. The right of
each Company Shareholder to receive payments pursuant to this Article II may
be assigned (i) to such Company Shareholder\'s spouse, parents or parents-in-
law, siblings or sibling\'s in law, or such Company Shareholder\'s or such
Company Shareholder\'s spouse\'s ancestors, lineal descendants or descendants
by virtue of adoption, (ii) to a trust for the benefit of the Company
Shareholder or any person named in the preceding clause (i), (iii) to another
person, if, on the Effective Date, such other person was the beneficial owner
of the shares of Company Stock held of record by the Company Shareholder, or
(iv) by operation of law or by will.   (f) Dispute Resolution; Arbitration.
In the event that any dispute, controversy or claim that arises in connection
with this Section 2.03 or the actions, determinations or  
14   calculations contemplated hereby has not been resolved by the
conclusion of the Net Sales Resolution Period in accordance with Section
2.03(c)(iii), such dispute, controversy or claim shall be settled by
arbitration by a single arbitrator, who shall be experienced in the sales and
marketing of medical devices, to be appointed pursuant to the rules of the
American Arbitration Association and said arbitration shall be conducted in
accordance with the rules of such association. The arbitration shall be held
in San Francisco, California. The arbitrator will be instructed that his or
her determination cannot be lower than the Final Parent Amount (as adjusted,
if at all) or higher than the Final Merger Committee Amount (as adjusted, if
at all) and the determination of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on
the parties. The expense of the arbitration and any expenses incurred by the
Merger Committee shall be paid in accordance with Section 2.03(j) below.
Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction. Approval of this Agreement shall constitute the
appointment of the Merger Committee and its duly appointed designees as the
authorized representatives of the Company Shareholders in any arbitration
conducted pursuant to this Section 2.03(f).   (g) Termination Payment.
Parent may at any time propose to the Merger Committee that a payment (the
"Termination Payment") be made to the Company Shareholders which, upon
payment thereof, shall fully release and discharge Parent, its successors and
assigns from any further liability or obligation pursuant to Section 2.03 and
Article X hereof and shall fully release and discharge the Company
Shareholders, their successors and assigns from any further liability or
obligation pursuant to Section 9.02 hereof. If a majority of the members of
the Merger Committee determines that the proposed Termination Payment is fair
and reasonable, taking into account the risk that the Contingent Payments may
not be earned and the present value of the Contingent Payments which have not
been paid at such time, then subject to approval thereof by the Company
Shareholders to the extent required by law, the Merger Committee shall so
notify Parent in writing, and, within 30 days of receipt of such
notice, Parent shall make the Termination Payment to the Company Shareholders
in accordance with the payment provisions of Section 2.02 hereof. Parent and
the Company Shareholders may similarly be released from any such liabilities
or obligations at any time after the Effective Date if Parent shall elect to
make a Termination Payment to the Company Shareholders in an amount equal to
the maximum aggregate amount that could thereafter become payable as
Contingent Payments if all performance criteria were fully met.   (h)
Interpretation; Amendment. Any ambiguities or inconsistencies in the
provisions of Section 2.03 or Article X may be resolved by written agreement
of Parent and a majority of the Merger Committee. Also, subject to approval
of the Company Shareholders to the extent required by law, any or all of the
provisions of Section 2.03 or Article X hereof may be amended, modified or
supplemented after the Effective Date with the written approval of Parent and
a majority of the Merger Committee.   (i) Contingent Payments Not Royalties.
The Contingent Payments provided for pursuant to Section 2.03 are provided as
a result of bona fide difficulties in determining the value of the Company.
The Contingent Payments represent additional consideration for the Company
Stock and are not intended to be royalty payments.   (j) Fees and Expenses.
Except as set forth in Section 9.05, any reasonable fees and expenses
incurred by any party in connection with resolving any dispute under this  
15   Section 2.03, including, without limitation, any fees and expenses
incurred by any accounting firm retained by the Merger Committee pursuant to
Section 2.03(c)(ii) or in connection with any arbitration proceeding held
pursuant to Section 2.03(f), shall be borne by the Company Shareholders;
provided, however, if the dispute by the Merger Committee in accordance with
Section 2.03(c)(iii) or Section 2.03(f) results in the determination that a
Net Sales Contingent Payment is due, Parent shall bear such fees and
expenses.   (k) Certain Terms. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings:   (i) "Company Covered
Products" means the following products,  components, methods or technologies
or the manufacture, use, import or  sale (including offers for sale) thereof:
(A) the Cutting Balloon(TM)  atherotomy catheter; the TrackWire(R)guidewire;
the Infiltrator(R)drug  delivery catheter; the LP Stent(R) stent; the
TEC(R)atherectomy  catheter; and the Crossfinder angioplasty catheter
produced, sold, or  licensed by the Company; and any modifications,
improvements or  derivatives of any of the foregoing; (B) the Company\'s 
photo-mask-and-etch-on-a-tube technology, enhanced x-ray opacity metals 
technology, 70/30 gold/platinum alloy technology, fine-grain-size  stent-tube
material technology, urethane balloon technology, and the  ultrasonic probe
tip technology, as those technologies are described  and specified in
Schedule 2.03(k)(i), together with any modifications,  improvements or
derivatives thereof and any product or component  employing any of the
foregoing items set forth in this subsection (B);  (C) any trade secrets and
know-how reflected in the Company\'s  manufacturing documentation as it
exists as of the date hereof that is  maintained in the ordinary course of
business and any modifications,  improvements or derivatives thereof; (D) any
product, component, method  or technology that would infringe any valid and
enforceable claim or  any claim that is reasonably expected to issue from (i)
any Owned  Intellectual Property or Licensed Intellectual Property listed
in  either Schedule 2.03(k)(i) or Sections 3.13(a)(i) or 3.13(a)(ii) of the 
Company Disclosure Schedule, (ii) any patent applications filed between  the
date hereof and the Closing Date, (iii) any continuation,  substitution,
divisional, continuation-in-part, or foreign counterpart  applications of (i)
or (ii) filed after the Closing Date where, for  this subsection (D), the
product, component, method or technology is  combined with the products,
components, methods or technologies set  forth in (A), (B) or (C) above, and
(iv) patents issuing on any of the  preceding applications described in (i),
(ii) or (iii) (including  extensions, reissues and re-examinations); and (E)
copyrights in any of  the items set forth in (A), (B) or (C) above.   (ii)
"Earn-Out Period" means the period commencing on the  Closing Date and ending
on the third anniversary of the Closing Date.   (iii) "Merger Committee"
shall be a committee having the  duties set forth in this Article II and in
Article IX hereof and  consisting of three members who are Company
Shareholders or general  partners, officers, directors or employees of
Company Shareholders (the  "Merger Committee Members"). The initial Merger
Committee Members shall  be Robert Reiss, Howard Palefsky and Douglas Rimer.
Any vacancy in the  Merger Committee caused by the death, resignation or
incapacity of a  Merger Committee Member shall be filled by the affirmative
vote or  written consent of the   16    remaining Merger Committee
Members or, if no such Members remain, by  the affirmative vote or written
consent of a majority in interest of  the Company Shareholders, voting in
accordance with the terms of the  Company\'s Articles of Incorporation in
effect prior to the Effective  Time. Any person elected to fill a vacancy
shall be a Company  Shareholder or a general partner, officer, director or
employee of a  Company Shareholder, but, if no such person is willing or
qualified to  serve, then any other person may be elected and serve as a
Merger  Committee Member. Any action required or permitted to be taken by
the  Merger Committee may be taken upon approval by a majority of the 
members of the Merger Committee.   (iv) "Net Sales" means net sales, as
determined in accordance  with generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP"), applied on a  basis consistent with the preparation of Parent\'s
consolidated  financial statements, derived from the sale of Company Covered
Products  by Parent, or its affiliates (including, without limitation, the 
Surviving Corporation and the Company Subsidiary (as defined in Section 
3.01(a))), directly or indirectly, to unaffiliated third parties;  provided,
however, that in the event that the Second Amended  International
Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 25, 1997  (the "Goodman
Agreement"), among the Company, Interventional  Technologies Europe Ltd., a
corporation organized under the laws of  Ireland and a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company ("Charger  Europe"), and Goodman Co. Ltd., a
corporation organized under the laws  of Japan ("Goodman"), is terminated
prior to the termination of the  Earn-Out Period, the Net Sales of the
Company Covered Products sold in  the territory covered by the Goodman
Agreement shall be adjusted to  reflect the sales price of the Company
Covered Products to Goodman as  in effect on the date hereof and as
referenced in Schedule 2.03(k)(iv)  attached hereto and not Parent\'s direct
price of the Company Covered  Products to end users in the territory covered
by the Goodman Agreement  subsequent to such termination; and, provided
further that Net Sales  shall be based on (A) 100% of the gross revenue from
the sale or  license of Company Covered Products other than those set forth
in (B)  or (C) below, (B) 100% of the gross revenue from the sale or license
of  any modified version of the Cutting Balloon(TM)atherotomy catheter or 
the Infiltrator(R)drug delivery catheter made, conceived and reduced to 
practice after the Closing Date, including without limitation  improvements
or derivatives of the Cutting Balloon(TM)atherotomy  catheter or the
Infiltrator(R)drug delivery catheter or any product,  component, or
technology which combines the Cutting Balloon(TM)  atherotomy catheter or the
Infiltrator(R)drug delivery catheter with  any other product, component, or
technology, and (C) 50% of the gross  revenue from the sale or license of any
modified version of a Company  Covered Product made, conceived and reduced to
practice after the  Closing Date or any product, component, or technology
which combines a  Company Covered Product (other than the Cutting Balloon(TM)
atherotomy  catheter or the Infiltrator(R)drug delivery catheter) with any
other  product, component or technology that is not a Company Covered
Product.   (v) "Six-Month Net Sales" means Net Sales during any 
consecutive six-calendar-month period.   (l) "Twelve-Month Net Sales" means
Net Sales during any consecutive 12-calendar-month period.   17   
SECTION 2.04. Company Stock Options. Subject to the consummation of the
Merger, prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all necessary
action, including obtaining the consent of the individual option holders
(each, a "Company Optionholder") (i) to terminate the Company\'s
1992 Incentive Stock Plan and any other plan, program, agreement or
arrangement providing for the issuance, grant or purchase of any other
interest in respect of the capital stock of the Company (collectively, the
"Company Stock Plans"), (ii) to provide that all shares subject to
outstanding options to purchase Company Stock granted under the Company Stock
Plans (each, a "Time-Vested Stock Option"), other than shares subject to
outstanding options to purchase Company Stock granted to the Company\'s sales
personnel under the Company Stock Plans that vest based on Company
performance targets and which are not vested by their own terms as of the
Effective Time (each, a "Performance-Based Option", and together with a Time-
Vested Stock Option, a "Company Stock Option"; and the program pursuant to
which the Performance-Based Options were granted, being referred to herein as
the "Performance Option Plan"), shall become fully vested and exercisable,
whether or not previously vested and exercisable prior to the Effective Time,
(iii) to exchange all Performance-Based Options prior to the Effective Time
for the opportunity to participate in the Performance Bonus Plan (as defined
in Section 6.04(d)), and (iv) to permit each Company Optionholder to exercise
all of his Company Stock Options which are vested prior to the Effective Time
and to take all action necessary, including, without limitation, obtaining
consents of the Company Optionholder to the extent necessary, to provide that
all vested Company Stock Options not so exercised shall be cancelled and that
no Company Stock Options will be outstanding after the Effective Time. Prior
to the Effective Time, the Company shall cause the administrator of the
Company Stock Plan to permit the Company Optionholder to pay the exercise
price in respect of his Time-Vested Stock Option by borrowing such amount
against the Company Optionholder\'s respective Initial Merger Consideration
as is necessary to pay the exercise price such that the Initial Merger
Consideration to be received by the Company Optionholder shall be reduced by
the amount borrowed to pay the exercise price.   SECTION 2.05. Dissenting
Shares. (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary,
shares of Company Stock that are outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time and that are held by Company Shareholders who have exercised
and perfected appraisal rights for such shares of Company Stock in accordance
with California Law and who, as of the Effective Time, have neither
effectively withdrawn nor lost their right to such appraisal (collectively,
the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into or represent the right
to receive the consideration provided by Section 2.01. Such
Company Shareholders shall be entitled to receive payment of the appraised
value of such shares of Company Stock held by them in accordance with
California Law, except that all Dissenting Shares held by Company
Shareholders who shall have failed to perfect or who effectively shall have
withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal of such shares of Company Stock
under California Law shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted into,
and to have become exchangeable for, as of the Effective Time, the right to
receive the consideration provided by Section 2.01, without any interest
thereon, upon surrender, in the manner provided in Section 2.02, of the
Certificates that formerly evidenced such shares of Company Stock.   (b)
The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any demands for appraisal
received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any other related
instruments served pursuant to California Law and received by the Company and
(ii) the   18   opportunity to participate in all negotiations and
proceedings with respect to demands for appraisal under California Law. The
Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Parent,
voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal or
offer to settle or settle any such demands. Holders of Dissenting Shares
shall not be entitled to receive their Per Share Merger Consideration and
such Per Share Merger Consideration shall be retained by Parent.   ARTICLE
III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   Except as set forth
in the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure
Schedule") and which provides an exception to or otherwise qualifies in
reasonable detail and with specific Section references, the representations
or warranties of the Company specifically referred to therein, except where
readily apparent from the language in the Company Disclosure Schedule that
such disclosure also applies to another Section, the Company hereby
represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that:   SECTION 3.01.
Organization and Qualification; Company Subsidiaries. (a) Each of the Company
and each subsidiary of the Company (each, a "Company Subsidiary") is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to be so
organized, existing or in good standing or to have such power and authority
would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the
"Transactions"), and would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and each Company
Subsidiary is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do
business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction in which
the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
of its business makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for
such failures to be so qualified or licensed and in good standing that have
not had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. The term "Company Material Adverse Effect" means any
circumstance, change or effect that is, or is reasonably likely to be,
materially adverse to the business, operations, financial condition and
results of operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a
whole; provided, however, that none of the following shall be deemed, singly
or in the aggregate, to constitute, or be considered in determining whether
there exists, a Company Material Adverse Effect: any circumstance, change or
effect (i) resulting from the announcement or pendency of the Transactions or
(ii) resulting from any change in the healthcare or cardiovascular disease
treatment industry, or in general economic conditions, in each case that are
not specifically related to the Company, any Company Subsidiary or its
business.   (b) A true and complete list of all the Company
Subsidiaries, together with the jurisdiction of incorporation of each Company
Subsidiary and the percentage of the outstanding capital stock of each
Company Subsidiary owned by the Company and each other Company  
19   Subsidiary, is set forth in Section 3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule. Except as disclosed in Section 3.01(b) of the Disclosure Schedule,
the Company does not directly or indirectly own any equity or similar
interest in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for any equity or similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint
venture or other business association or entity.   SECTION 3.02. Articles
of Incorporation and By-laws. The Company has heretofore furnished to Parent
a complete and correct copy of the Articles of Incorporation and the By-laws,
or equivalent organizational documents, each as amended to date, of the
Company and each Company Subsidiary. Such Articles of Incorporation, By-laws,
or equivalent organizational documents are in full force and effect. Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in violation of any of the
provisions of its Articles of Incorporation, By-laws, or equivalent
organizational documents.   SECTION 3.03. Capitalization. (a) The authorized
capital stock of the Company consists of (a) 40,000,000 shares of Company
Common Stock, (b) 1,853,750 shares of Company Series A Stock, (c) 1,600,000
shares of Company Series B Stock, (d) 540,000 shares of Company Series C
Stock, (e) 14,000,000 shares of Company Series E Stock, (f) 1,250,000 shares
of Company Series F Stock, (g) 600,000 shares of Company Series G Stock, and
(h) 3,500,000 shares of Company Series H Stock. As of the date hereof, (i)
1,252,056 shares of Company Common Stock are issued and outstanding, all of
which are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (ii) no shares of
Company Common Stock are held in the treasury of the Company, (iii) 2,202,196
shares of Company Common Stock are reserved for future issuance upon exercise
of outstanding stock options or outstanding stock incentive rights granted
pursuant to the Company Stock Plans, and (iv) 507 shares of Company Common
Stock remain available for future grant under the Company Stock Plans.  
(b) As of the date hereof, (A) 1,853,750 shares of Company Series A Stock are
issued and outstanding, (B) 1,474,600 shares of Company Series B Stock are
issued and outstanding, (C) 470,499 shares of Company Series C Stock are
issued and outstanding, (D) 13,053,533 shares of Company Series E Stock are
issued and outstanding, (E) 1,250,000 shares of Company Series F Stock are
issued and outstanding, (F) 600,000 shares of Company Series G Stock
are issued and outstanding, and (G) 3,500,000 shares of Company Series H
Stock are issued and outstanding, all of which are validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable. There are no other shares of Company Preferred Stock
outstanding or reserved for future issuance.   (c) Except as set forth in
this Section 3.03, there are no options, warrants or other rights,
agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character relating to the
issued or unissued capital stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or
obligating the Company or any Company Subsidiary to issue or sell any shares
of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any Company
Subsidiary. All shares of Company Stock subject to issuance as aforesaid,
upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the instruments
pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable. There are no outstanding contractual
obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of Company Stock or any capital stock of  
20   any Company Subsidiary or to provide funds to, or make any investment
(in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any Company
Subsidiary or any other person.   (d) Section 3.03 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete list of the
shareholders of the Company (the "Company Shareholders") and the outstanding
shares of Company Stock owned by each Company Shareholder.   (e) Each
outstanding share of capital stock of each Company Subsidiary is duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and each such share
is owned by the Company or a Company Subsidiary, to the Company\'s knowledge
(as defined in Section 10.02), free and clear of all security interests,
liens, claims, pledges, options, rights of first refusal, agreements,
limitations on the Company\'s or any Company Subsidiary\'s voting rights,
charges and other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.   SECTION 3.04.
Authority Relative to this Agreement. (a) The Company has all necessary
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to
perform its obligations hereunder and, subject to the approval by the Company
Shareholders, to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate
action, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are
necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the Transactions
(other than, with respect to the Merger, the approval and adoption of this
Agreement by the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of each
of the Company Common Stock, voting as a separate class, and
Company Preferred Stock, voting as separate class, the filing and recordation
of appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL and California Law
and, if necessary, the HSR Act filing (as described in Section 3.05)). This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming
the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto,
constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of
any applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar
laws affecting creditors\' rights generally and subject, as to
enforceability, to the effect of general principles of equity.   (b) The
Board of Directors of the Company, by unanimous written consent or at a
meeting duly called and held, has (i) determined that the Merger is in the
best interest of the Company and the Company Shareholders, (ii) approved the
Merger and this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of California
Law, and (iii) directed that this Agreement and the Merger be submitted to
the Company Shareholders for their approval and resolved to recommend that
the Company Shareholders vote in favor of this Agreement and the Merger.  
SECTION 3.05. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. (a) The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Company do not, and the performance of
this Agreement by the Company will not, (i) conflict with or violate the
Articles of Incorporation or By-laws or equivalent organizational documents
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, (ii) assuming that all consents,
approvals, authorizations and other actions described in Section 3.05(b) have
been obtained and all filings and obligations described in Section 3.05(b)
have been made, conflict with or violate, in any respect, any foreign
or domestic statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, executive
order, injunction, judgment, decree or other order ("Law")  
21   applicable to the Company or any Company Subsidiary or by which any
property or asset of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is bound or
affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default)
under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or other encumbrance on
any property or asset of the Company or any Company Subsidiary pursuant to,
any Material Contract (as defined in Section 3.11(a)), except, with respect
to clauses (ii) and (iii), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches,
defaults or other occurrences which would not prevent or materially delay
consummation of the Transactions, or otherwise prevent or materially delay
the Company from performing its obligations under this Agreement and would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company
do not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will
not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing
with or notification to, any United States federal, state, county or local or
any foreign government, governmental, regulatory or administrative
authority, agency, instrumentality or commission or any court, tribunal, or
judicial or arbitral body (a "Governmental Authority"), except (i) for the
pre-merger notification requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), and filing and
recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL and
California Law, and (ii) where the failure to obtain such consents,
approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or
notifications, would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the
Transactions, or otherwise prevent or materially delay the Company from
performing its obligations under this Agreement and would not individually or
in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   SECTION 3.06.
Permits; Compliance. (a) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in
possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exceptions, consents, certificates, approvals and
orders of any Governmental Authority necessary for the Company or any Company
Subsidiary to own, lease and operate its properties as it is now being
operated or to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, other than
those, the absence of which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Company Material Adverse Effect (the "Company Permits"), and no suspension
or cancellation of any of the Company Permits is pending or, to the
Company\'s knowledge, threatened.   (b) The Company and the Company
Subsidiaries are not in conflict with, or in default, breach or violation of,
in each case, in any respect, (i) any Law applicable to the Company, to any
Company Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is bound or affected, (ii) any Material Contract to which
the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company, any
Company Subsidiary or any property or asset of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) any Company Permits, except for any
such conflicts, defaults, breaches or violations that would not (A) prevent
or materially delay consummation of the Transactions, (B) prevent or
materially delay the Company from performing its obligations under this
Agreement or (C) individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   22    SECTION 3.07. Financial Statements. (a)True and
complete copies of (i) the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries as of August 1, 1998, July 31, 1999 and July 29,
2000, and the related audited statements of income, changes in shareholders\'
equity and cash flows for the fiscal years ended August 1, 1998, July 31,
1999 and July 29, 2000, together with all related notes and schedules thereto
(collectively referred to herein as the "Audited Financial Statements"), and
(ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December
31, 2000 (the "Reference Balance Sheet"), and the related statements of
income and cash flows of the Company for the month ended December 31, 2000
(collectively referred to herein as the "Interim Financial Statements"), have
been delivered to Parent. Except as set forth in the notes to the Audited
Financial Statements or the Interim Financial Statements, the Audited
Financial Statements and the Interim Financial Statements (including, in each
case, any notes thereto) were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a
consistent basis throughout the periods indicated (except as may be indicated
in the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by
GAAP) and each present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Company as at the respective dates thereof and for
the respective periods indicated therein, except as otherwise noted therein
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year-
end adjustments which were not and are not expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to be material).   (b) There are no debts, liabilities or
obligations, whether accrued or fixed, absolute or contingent, matured or
unmatured or determined or determinable ("Liabilities") of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary that are not fully reflected or reserved against on the
Reference Balance Sheet and that would be required under GAAP to be reflected
or reserved thereon, except Liabilities incurred since the date of the
Reference Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of the business, consistent
with the past practice of the Company, which have not had, and would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
There are no outstanding warranty claims against the Company.   SECTION
3.08. Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since July 30, 2000, except as
contemplated by or as disclosed in this Agreement, the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries have conducted their business only in the ordinary
course and in a manner consistent with past practice, and since such date (a)
there has not been any Company Material Adverse Effect and (b) the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries have not taken any of the actions
specified below:   (a) amended or otherwise changed its organizational
documents;   (b) issued, sold, pledged, disposed of, granted,
encumbered, or authorized the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant or
encumbrance of any shares of its capital stock of any class, or any options,
warrants, convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any
shares of such capital stock, or any other ownership interest (including,
without limitation, any phantom interest), of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, except pursuant to shares reserved for issuance under the Company
Stock Plans;   (c) declared, set aside, made or paid any dividend or
other distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with
respect to any of its capital stock;   23    (d) reclassified, combined,
split, subdivided or redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or
indirectly, any of its capital stock, except that the Company may have
repurchased, at cost, any shares of its capital stock that were subject to a
right of repurchase;   (e) acquired (including, without limitation, by
merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any interest in
any corporation, partnership, other business organization or any division
thereof or, except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice, any assets in excess of $50,000 individually, or $250,000 in
the aggregate;   (f) incurred any indebtedness for borrowed money or issued
any debt securities or assumed, guaranteed or endorsed, or otherwise as
an accommodation become responsible for, the obligations of any person, or
made any loans or advances, except in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice;   (g) taken any action, other than
reasonable and usual actions in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice, with respect to accounting policies or
procedures; or   (h) increased the compensation payable or to become payable
to its officers or employees, granted any severance or termination pay, or
right thereto, to, or entered into any employment or severance agreement
with, any director, officer or other employee of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, entered into any employment or consulting arrangements with any
person who provides services to the Company or any Company Subsidiary, in
either case, that provide for compensation amounts that are not in accordance
with past practice or established, adopted, entered into or amended any
collective bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock
option, restricted stock, pension, retirement, deferred compensation,
employment, termination, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund,
policy or arrangement for the benefit of any director, officer or
employee.   SECTION 3.09. Absence of Litigation. There is no
litigation, suit, claim, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, or any property or asset of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, before any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority, which
could reasonably be expected, if resolved adversely to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, to (i) result in losses to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary in excess of $100,000, (ii) prevent the consummation of the
Transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (iii) result in a Company
Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any
material property or assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, is
subject to any continuing order of, consent decree, settlement agreement or
other similar written agreement with, or, to the knowledge of the Company,
continuing investigation by, any Governmental Authority, or any order, writ,
judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any court, arbitrator
or Governmental Authority.   SECTION 3.10. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor
Matters. (a) Section 3.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists (i) all
employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) and all   24   bonus,
stock option, stock purchase, restricted stock, incentive,
deferred compensation, retiree medical, disability or life insurance,
supplemental retirement, severance or other benefit plans, programs or
arrangements, and all employment, termination, severance or other contracts
or agreements pursuant to which services are provided to the Company, whether
legally enforceable or not, to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is
a party, with respect to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary has any
obligation or which are maintained, contributed to or sponsored by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary for the benefit of any current or former
employee, officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, (ii)
each employee benefit plan for which the Company or any Company Subsidiary
could incur liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has
been or were to be terminated, and (iii) any plan in respect of which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary could incur liability under Section 4212(c)
of ERISA (collectively, the "Company Benefit Plans").   (b) Each Company
Benefit Plan is in writing, the Company has furnished Parent with a true and
complete copy of each Company Benefit Plan and a true and complete copy of
each material document, if any, prepared in connection with each such Company
Benefit Plan, including, without limitation, (i) a copy of each trust or
other funding arrangement, (ii) each summary plan description and summary of
material modifications, (iii) the most recently filed Internal Revenue
Service ("IRS") Form 5500, (iv) the most recently received IRS determination
letter for each such Company Benefit Plan, (v) the most recently prepared
actuarial report and financial statement in connection with each such Company
Benefit Plan, and (vi) any material correspondence with the IRS or
the Department of Labor with respect to each such Company Benefit Plan.  
(c) None of the Company Benefit Plans is a multiemployer plan (within the
meaning of Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) (a "Multiemployer Plan") or
a single employer pension plan (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of
ERISA) for which the Company or any Company Subsidiary could incur liability
under Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (a "Multiple Employer Plan"). None of the
Company Benefit Plans provides for or promises retiree medical, disability or
life insurance benefits to any current or former employee, officer or
director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary.   (d) None of the Company
Benefit Plans provides for the payment of separation, severance, termination
or similar-type benefits to any person or obligates the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to pay separation, severance, termination or similar-type
benefits solely or partially as a result of any transaction contemplated by
this Agreement or as a result of a "change in control", within the meaning of
such term under any Company Benefit Plan or Section 280G of the Code. Neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, either alone or together with another
event, will (i) result in any payment (including, without limitation,
severance, unemployment compensation, golden parachute, forgiveness of
indebtedness or otherwise) becoming due under any Company Benefit Plan,
(ii) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any Company Benefit Plan
or other arrangement, (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of
payment, vesting or funding of any benefits, or (iv) affect in any respects
any Company Benefit Plan\'s current treatment under any Laws, including any
tax or social contribution law.   25    (e) Each Company Benefit Plan is
now and always has been operated in all material respects in accordance with
its terms and the requirements of all applicable laws (including the
regulations and rules promulgated thereunder), including, without limitation,
ERISA and the Code. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have performed
all material obligations required to be performed by them under, are not in
any material respect in default under or in violation of, any Company Benefit
Plan. No action, claim or proceeding is pending or, to the Company\'s
knowledge, threatened with respect to any Company Benefit Plan (other than
claims for benefits in the ordinary course) and, to the Company\'s knowledge,
no fact or event exists that could give rise to any such action, claim or
proceeding. None of the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any person that is
a member of the same controlled group as the Company, any Company Subsidiary,
or under common control with the Company or any Company Subsidiary within the
meaning of Section 414 of the Code (each, an "ERISA Affiliate") is subject to
any penalty or tax with respect to any Plan under Section 402(i) of ERISA or
Sections 4975 through 4980 of the Code.   (f) Each Company Benefit Plan that
is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) or Section 401(k) of the
Code has timely received a favorable determination letter from the IRS
covering all of the provisions applicable to the Company Benefit Plan for
which determination letters are currently available that the Company Benefit
Plan is so qualified and each trust established in connection with any
Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be exempt from federal income
taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code has received a determination letter
from the IRS that it is so exempt, and no fact or event has occurred since
the date of such determination letter or letters from the IRS to adversely
affect the qualified status of any such Company Benefit Plan or the exempt
status of any such trust.   (g) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries
have not incurred any liability under, arising out of or by operation of
Title IV of ERISA (other than liability for premiums to the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation arising in the ordinary course), including, without
limitation, any liability in connection with (i) the termination or
reorganization of any employee benefit plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or
(ii) the withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan,
and no fact or event exists which could give rise to any such liability.  
(h) All contributions, premiums or payments required to be made or accrued
with respect to any Company Benefit Plan prior to the date hereof have been
made on or before their due dates. All such contributions have been fully
deducted for income tax purposes and no such deduction has been challenged or
disallowed by any Governmental Authority and, to the Company\'s knowledge, no
fact or event exists which could give rise to any such challenge or
disallowance.   (i) The Company does not have any Company Benefit Plan that
is not subject to United States Law.   (j) The Company and the Company
Subsidiaries are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other
labor union contract applicable to persons employed by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or in the Company\'s or any Company Subsidiary\'s
business, and currently, to the Company\'s knowledge, there are no
organizational campaigns,   26   petitions or other unionization
activities seeking recognition of a collective bargaining unit which could
affect the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (ii) there are no
controversies, strikes, slowdowns or work stoppages pending or, to the
Company\'s knowledge, threatened between the Company or any
Company Subsidiary and any of their employees, and the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries have not experienced any such controversy, strike,
slowdown or work stoppage within the past three years; (iii) the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries have not breached or otherwise failed to comply with
the provisions of any collective bargaining or union contract and there are
no grievances outstanding against the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
under any such agreement or contract; (iv) there are no unfair labor practice
complaints pending against the Company and the Company Subsidiaries before
the National Labor Relations Board or any other Governmental Authority or, to
the Company\'s knowledge, any current union representation questions
involving employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (v) the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries are currently in material compliance with all
applicable laws relating to the employment of labor, including those related
to wages, hours, worker classification, collective bargaining and the payment
and withholding of taxes and other sums as required by the appropriate
Governmental Authority and have withheld and paid to the appropriate
governmental authority or are holding for payment not yet due to such
governmental authority all amounts required to be withheld from employees of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary and are not liable for any arrears of
wages, taxes, penalties or other sums for failure to comply with any of the
foregoing; (vi) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have paid in full to
all employees or adequately accrued for in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied all wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses, benefits and other
compensation due to or on behalf of such employees; (vii) there is no claim
with respect to payment of wages, salary or overtime pay that has
been asserted or is now pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened
before any Governmental Authority with respect to any persons currently or
formerly employed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (viii) the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries are not a party to, or otherwise bound
by, any consent decree with, or citation by, any governmental authority
relating to employees or employment practices; (ix) there is no charge or
proceeding with respect to a violation of any occupational safety or health
standards that has been asserted or is now pending or, to the Company\'s
knowledge, threatened with respect to the Company or any Company Subsidiary;
and (x) there is no charge of discrimination in employment or employment
practices, for any reason, including, without limitation, age, gender, race,
religion or other legally protected category, which has been asserted or is
now pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened before the United
States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other Governmental
Authority in any jurisdiction in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary
has employed or currently employs any person.   (k) Section 3.10(k) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list as of the
date hereof of (i) the names, titles, annual salaries and other compensation
of all officers of the Company and all other employees of the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries whose annual compensation exceeds $75,000 and
(ii) the compensation rights for non-exempt employees of the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries (by classification).   SECTION 3.11. Contracts.
(a) Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each of the
following written contracts and agreements of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary (such contracts and agreements being "Material Contracts"):  
27    (i) each contract and agreement which (A) involved  consideration of
more than $100,000, in the aggregate, during the  calendar year ended
December 31, 2000 that continues to be executory,  (B) is likely to involve
consideration of more than $100,000, in the  aggregate, during the calendar
year ending December 31, 2001, or (C) is  likely to involve consideration of
more than $250,000, in the  aggregate, over the remaining term of such
contract, and which, in  either case, cannot be canceled by the Company or
any Company  Subsidiary without penalty or further payment and without more
than 90  days\' notice;   (ii) all broker, distributor, dealer,
manufacturer\'s  representative, franchise, physician consulting, clinical
study, data  management, research, agency and sales promotion contracts and 
agreements to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party;  
(iii) all market research, market consulting and advertising  contracts and
agreements, management contracts (excluding contracts for  employment),
contracts with other consultants and any contracts and  agreements involving
the payment of royalties or other amounts  calculated based upon the revenues
or income of the Company or any  Company Subsidiary or income or revenues
related to any product of the  Company or any Company Subsidiary to which the
Company or any Company  Subsidiary is a party and, in each case, which is
likely to involve  consideration of more than $100,000, in the aggregate,
during the  calendar year ending December 31, 2001;   (iv) all contracts
and agreements evidencing indebtedness in  excess of $100,000;   (v) all
leases and subleases of real property;   (vi) all contracts and agreements
with any Governmental  Authority to which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is a party  other than in the ordinary course of the Company\'s
business;   (vii) all contracts and agreements that limit or purport to 
limit the ability of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to compete  in any
line of business or with any person or in any geographic area or  during any
period of time;   (viii) all contracts containing confidentiality
requirements  (including all nondisclosure agreements), which require the
Company or  any Company Subsidiary to keep confidential information belonging
to  third parties;   (ix) all non-arm\'s length contracts and agreements in
excess  of $10,000 individually between or among the Company or any Company 
Subsidiary and any shareholder or, to the Company\'s knowledge, any 
affiliate of such person;   (x) any other material agreement of the Company
or any Company  Subsidiary which is terminable upon or prohibits a change of
ownership  or control of the Company or any Company Subsidiary;   28   
(xi) all contracts and agreements for Owned Intellectual  Property or
Licenses, other than (A) any sublicense implicit as a  result of a sale or
transfer to an end-user of any Company product and  (B) any confidentiality
or nondisclosure agreements, in each case  entered into in the ordinary
course of the Company\'s business;   (xii) all material contracts and
agreements providing for  benefits under any Company Benefit Plan;   (xiii)
all material contracts or arrangements (excluding  contracts with customs
brokers or legal counsel prosecuting patents on  behalf of the Company) that,
to the Company\'s knowledge, result in any  person or entity holding a power
of attorney from the Company or any  Subsidiary that relates to the Company,
any Subsidiary or their  respective businesses;   (xiv) all contracts for
employment for persons required to be  listed in Section 3.10(k) of the
Disclosure Schedule;   (xv) all contracts and agreements with Group
Purchasing  Organizations (as defined in Section 11.02(a)) pursuant to which
the  Company or any Company Subsidiary sells products or pursuant to which 
the Company or any Company Subsidiary has agreed to utilize a  electronic
business-to-business exchange to sell its products; and   (xvi) all other
contracts and agreements, whether or not made  in the ordinary course of
business, which are material to the Company  and the Company Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or to the conduct of  their respective businesses, or the
absence of which would prevent or  materially delay consummation of the
Merger or otherwise prevent or  materially delay the Company from performing
its obligations under this  Agreement.   (b) (i) Each Material Contract is
valid and binding on the Company or any Company Subsidiary, as the case may
be, and, to the knowledge of the Company, on the other parties thereto
(subject, in each case, to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditor\'s
rights generally and subject, in each case as to enforceability, to the
effect of general principles of equity) and is in full force and effect and
represents, together with any other contracts listed on the Company
Disclosure Schedule that relate to the same subject matter, the
entire agreement between the respective parties with respect to the subject
matter of such Material Contract;   (ii) The Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have not (A)  received any notice of termination or cancellation
under any Material  Contract, (B) received any notice of breach or default
under any  Material Contract, which breach has not been cured, and (C)
granted to  any other third party any rights, adverse or otherwise, under
any  Material Contract that would constitute a breach of such Material 
Contract; and   (iii) The Company, the Company Subsidiaries, and, to the 
Company\'s knowledge, any other party to each Material Contract, are not  in
breach or default thereof in any material respect, and no event has  occurred
that, with notice or lapse of time, would constitute such a  breach or
default or permit termination, modification or acceleration  under such
Material Contract.   29    SECTION 3.12. Environmental Matters. The
Company and the Company Subsidiaries (a) are in compliance with all
Environmental Laws (as defined in Section 11.02(a)) applicable to the conduct
of the business as presently conducted or to the assets and properties owned
by the Company, except where noncompliance will not have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, (b) hold all Environmental Permits (as defined in Section
11.02(a)) material to the conduct of the Company\'s and the Company
Subsidiaries\' businesses as presently conducted, except where the failure to
have the Environmental Permit would not have a Company Material Adverse
Effect and (c) are in compliance with their respective Environmental Permits
for the conduct of their respective businesses presently conducted, except
where noncompliance would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written request for
information, or been notified that it is a potentially responsible party,
under CERCLA (as defined in Section 11.02(a)) or any similar Law of any
state, locality or any other jurisdiction. Neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has entered into or agreed in writing to any consent
decree or order or is subject to such judgment, decree or judicial
order relating to compliance by the Company or the Company Subsidiary
with Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits or the investigation,
sampling, monitoring, treatment, remediation, removal or cleanup of Hazardous
Materials (as defined in Section 11.02(a)) and no such investigation,
litigation or other proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened in writing against the Company, any Company Subsidiary,
or, with respect to matters arising out of the Company\'s operations only,
any Principal Shareholder with respect thereto.   SECTION 3.13.
Intellectual Property. (a) Section 3.13(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all U.S. and foreign patents
and patent applications, all Registered Proprietary Names and all
Unregistered Proprietary Names in all countries of the world, all copyright
registrations and applications for registration of copyrights, all domain
names and applications for registration of domain names, all Company Software
(as defined in Section 11.02(v)) included in the Owned Intellectual Property
(as defined in Section 11.02(xiv)) and Licensed Intellectual Property (as
defined in Section 11.02(xii)), and Licenses (as defined in
Section 11.02(xiii)) (other than licenses of commercial off-the-shelf or
shrink-wrap computer software) that are owned or controlled (in the sense of
having the right to license others) by the Company, the Company Subsidiaries
or any of their affiliate entities.   (b) Except as disclosed to Parent\'s
outside patent counsel in meetings with the Company\'s patent counsel on
February 6, 2001 and February 12, 2001, to the Company\'s knowledge (i) (A)
the use of the Owned Intellectual Property, the Licensed Intellectual
Property or the know-how owned or licensed by the Company in connection with
the operation of the business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary as
currently conducted, and (B) the manufacture, use, offer for sale, and sale
of the Cutting Balloon(TM) atherotomy catheter, the TrackWire(R) guidewire,
the Infiltrator(R) drug delivery catheter, the LP Stent(R) stent, the TEC(R)
atherectomy catheter, and the Crossfinder angioplasty catheter (as such
products exist as of the date hereof and, with respect to products currently
under development, when commercialized in the United States, as currently
contemplated) do not infringe or misappropriate or otherwise violate the
Intellectual Property rights of any third party, and no claim is pending or
threatened against the Company or any Company Subsidiary alleging any of the
foregoing; and (ii) for the conduct of the business of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary as presently conducted, no right, license, lease,
consent, or other agreement is or will be required with respect to any
patent,   30   invention, know-how, technology, or the like, and any
Proprietary Name, copyright, domain name, Company Software or other
Intellectual Property other than those described in the schedule to this
Section. None of the patents or patent applications listed in Section
3.13(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is involved in any
interference, reexamination, conflict or opposition proceeding, and there has
been no threat or other indication that any such proceeding will hereafter be
commenced. None of the Proprietary Names or registrations or applications to
use or register such Proprietary Names listed in the schedule to this Section
is involved in any opposition, cancellation, nullification, interference,
conflict or concurrent use proceeding, and to the Company\'s knowledge, there
has been no threat or other indication that any such proceeding will
hereafter be commenced.   (c) The Company or a Company Subsidiary is the
exclusive owner of the entire and unencumbered right, title and interest in
and to each item of the Owned Intellectual Property, and, to the Company\'s
knowledge, is entitled to use the Owned Intellectual Property and Licensed
Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of its business as presently
conducted, subject only to the terms of the Licenses.   (d) To the
Company\'s knowledge, the Owned Intellectual Property and Licensed
Intellectual Property include all of the Intellectual Property used in the
ordinary day-to-day conduct of the business of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, and there are no other items of Intellectual Property that are
material to such ordinary day-to-day conduct of such business. The Owned
Intellectual Property and, to the knowledge of the Company, the
Licensed Intellectual Property are pending and in good standing, all without
challenge of any kind, and are valid and enforceable, and have not been
adjudged invalid or unenforceable (except for challenges to validity that may
be received in the ordinary course of the prosecution of patent applications
in patent offices) in whole or part.   (e) No legal proceedings are pending
or, to the Company\'s knowledge, are threatened against the Company or any
Company Subsidiary (i) based upon or challenging or seeking to deny or
restrict the use by the Company of any of the Owned Intellectual Property or
Licensed Intellectual Property, (ii) alleging that any services provided by,
processes used by, or products manufactured or sold by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary infringe or misappropriate any Intellectual Property right
of any third party, or (iii) alleging that the Licenses being licensed are in
conflict with the terms of any third party license or other agreement.  
(f) To the Company\'s knowledge, no third party is engaging in any activity
that infringes or misappropriates the Owned Intellectual Property or Licensed
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have not
granted any license or other right to any third party with respect to
the Owned Intellectual Property or Licensed Intellectual Property. To the
Company\'s knowledge, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement will not result in the termination or impairment of any of the
Owned Intellectual Property or Licensed Intellectual Property.   (g) The
Company and the Company Subsidiaries have delivered or made available to
Parent, as requested by Parent, true and correct and complete copies of
patents, patent applications, license commitments and other agreements listed
or described in Section   31   3.13 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
and all applications and registrations for Proprietary Names and copyrights,
licenses, leases, commitments and other agreements listed or described in the
schedule to this Section, other than licenses of commercial off-the-shelf or
shrink-wrap computer software.   (h) To the Company\'s knowledge, the
Company Software is free of all viruses, worms and trojan horses, and does
not contain any bugs, errors, or problems that materially disrupt its
operation or have a material adverse impact on the operation of other
software programs or operating systems as used in the Company\'s business as
presently conducted. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have obtained
all approvals necessary for exporting and importing the Company Software into
any country in which the Company Software is now sold or licensed for use,
and all such export and import approvals in the United States and throughout
the world are valid, current, outstanding and in full force and effect. No
rights in the Company Software have been transferred to any third party,
except to the customers of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to whom the
Company or any Company Subsidiary has licensed such Company Software in the
ordinary course of business.   (i) To the Company\'s knowledge, the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries have a license to use all software development
tools, library functions, compilers and other third-party software that are
material to the business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary as
presently conducted, or that are required to operate or modify the Company
Software as used in the Company\'s business as presently conducted.   (j)
The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps in
accordance with normal industry practice to maintain the confidentiality of
their trade secrets and other confidential Intellectual Property.   (k) To
the knowledge of the Company, (i) there has been no misappropriation of any
material trade secrets or other material confidential Intellectual Property
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary by any person, (ii) no employee,
independent contractor or agent of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has
misappropriated any trade secrets of any other person in the course of such
performance as an employee, independent contractor or agent, and (iii) no
employee, independent contractor or agent of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is in default or breach of any term of any employment
agreement, nondisclosure agreement, assignment of invention agreement or
similar agreement or contract relating in any way to the protection,
ownership, development, use or transfer of Intellectual Property.   (l)
Each current director, officer, employee and consultant of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary whose annual compensation exceeds $50,000, all current
research and development personnel at the Company or any Company Subsidiary
and each person named as an inventor of the patents listed in
Section 3.13(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule has executed an
agreement with the Company regarding confidentiality and proprietary
information substantially in the form provided to Parent. The Company is not
aware that any of its employees or consultants is in violation thereof. To
the Company\'s knowledge, all consultants to or vendors of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary with access to confidential information of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary are parties to written agreements substantially in the
form provided to Parent under which, among other things, each such  
32   consultant or vendor is obligated to maintain the confidentiality
of confidential information of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. The
Company and the Company Subsidiaries are not aware that any of their
consultants or vendors are in violation thereof.   SECTION 3.14. Taxes. (a)
(i) All returns and reports in respect of Taxes required to be filed with
respect to the Company and each Company Subsidiary have been timely filed;
(ii) all Taxes required to be shown on such returns and reports or otherwise
due have been timely paid; (iii) accruals will be provided for all estimated
Taxes (based on a reasonable estimate of the Company\'s taxable income) for
periods or portions thereof ending on the Closing Date; (iv) all such returns
and reports are true, correct and complete in all material respects; (v) no
adjustment relating to such returns or reports has been proposed formally or
informally by any Tax authority and, to the best knowledge of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries, no basis exists for any such adjustment; (vi) there
are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, threatened actions or proceedings for the assessment or
collection of Taxes against the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (vii) no
claim has been made by a Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the
Company or any Company Subsidiary does not file Tax returns that the Company
or any Company Subsidiary may be subject to Tax in such jurisdiction; (viii)
no consent under Section 341(f) of the Code has been filed with respect to
the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (ix) there are no tax liens on any
assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (x) neither the Company nor
any Company Subsidiary is a party to any agreement or arrangement that would
result, separately or in the aggregate, in the actual or deemed payment by
the Company or a Company Subsidiary of any "excess parachute payments" within
the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (without regard to Section 280G(b)(4)
of the Code); (xi) except as provided in Section 2.04, no acceleration of the
vesting schedule for any property that is substantially unvested within the
meaning of the regulations under Section 83 of the Code will occur in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
(xii) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has been a member of
any affiliated group (within the meaning of Section 1504(a)(1) of the Code),
other than the affiliated group for which the Company files a consolidated
return as the common parent, for any period for which the statute of
limitations for any Tax has not expired; (xiii) none of the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries has been at any time a member of any partnership or
joint venture or the holder of a beneficial interest in any trust for any
period for which the statute of limitations for any Tax has not expired;
(xiv) none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has been a United
States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section
897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period specified in Section
897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code; (xv) none of the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries is subject to any accumulated earnings tax penalty or personal
holding company tax; (xvi) the Company has not been a party to a transaction
described in Section 355 of the Code, and (xvii) since July 31, 2000, none of
the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has made, changed or revoked any
material Tax election, changed any annual Tax accounting period, adopted or
changed any method of Tax accounting, filed any amended Tax return, entered
into any closing agreement, settled any Tax claim or assessment, surrendered
any right to claim a Tax refund, consented to any extension or waiver of the
limitation period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment or taken or
omitted to take any other action with respect to Taxes, if any such action or
omission would have the effect of materially increasing the Tax liability of
the Company, any Company Subsidiary, Parent or any affiliate of Parent.  
33    (b) (i) There are no outstanding waivers or agreements extending the
statute of limitations for any period with respect to any Tax to which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary may be subject; (ii) none of the Company or
the Company Subsidiaries (A) has or is projected to have an amount includible
in its income for the current taxable year under Section 951 of the Code, (B)
has been a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section
1296 of the Code, (C) has an unrecaptured overall foreign loss within the
meaning of Section 904(f) of the Code or (D) has participated in
or cooperated with an international boycott within the meaning of Section 999
of the Code; (iii) there are no requests for information currently
outstanding that could affect the Taxes of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary; (iv) there are no proposed reassessments of any property owned by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or other proposals that could increase
the amount of any Tax to which a Company would be subject; and (v) no power
of attorney that is currently in force has been granted with respect to any
matter relating to Taxes that could affect the Company or a Company
Subsidiary.   (c) As used in this Agreement, "Taxes" shall mean any and
all taxes, fees, levies, duties, tariffs, imposts and other charges of any
kind (together with any and all interest, penalties, additions to tax and
additional amounts imposed with respect thereto) imposed by any government or
taxing authority, including, without limitation: taxes or other charges on or
with respect to income, franchises, windfall or other profits, gross
receipts, property, sales, use, capital stock, payroll, employment, social
security, workers\' compensation, unemployment compensation or net worth;
taxes or other charges in the nature of excise, withholding, ad valorem,
stamp, transfer, value-added or gains taxes; license, registration and
documentation fees; and customs\' duties, tariffs and similar charges.  
SECTION 3.15. Assets. Except as would not individually or in the aggregate,
have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company or a Company Subsidiary
owns, leases or has the legal right to use all of the material properties and
assets, including, without limitation, real property and personal property
(other than Intellectual Property, which is covered by Section 3.13 hereof)
used, in or necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary as it is currently conducted and, with respect to contract
rights, is a party to and enjoys the right to the benefits of all material
contracts, agreements and other arrangements used or intended to be used by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary in or relating to the conduct of the
business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary (all such
properties, assets and contract rights being the "Assets"). The Company or a
Company Subsidiary has good and marketable title to, or, in the case of
leased or subleased Assets, valid and subsisting leasehold interests in, all
the Assets, free and clear of all encumbrances, except such encumbrances (i)
arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) reflected in the Audited
Financial Statements or Interim Financial Statements or (iii) which have not
had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   SECTION 3.16. Certain Interests. (a) No Company
Shareholder, or, to the Company\'s knowledge, any affiliate thereof, who
beneficially owns 5% or more of the capital stock of the Company (on an as-
converted basis) or 5% or more of the capital stock of any Company Subsidiary
and no officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary and, to
the Company\'s knowledge, no immediate relative or spouse (or immediate
relative of such spouse) who resides with, or is a dependent of, any such
officer or director has any direct or   34   indirect (excluding
interests of a venture capital fund affiliated with any director of the
Company) financial interest in any competitor, supplier or customer of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary; provided, however, that the ownership of
securities representing no more than 2% of the outstanding voting power of
any competitor, supplier or customer, and which are listed on any national
securities exchange or traded actively in the national over-the-
counter market, shall not be deemed to be a "financial interest" as long as
the person owning such securities has no other connection or relationship
with such competitor, supplier or customer.   (b) No Company Shareholder
or, to the Company\'s knowledge, their affiliates and no officer or director
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the
Company, no immediate relative or spouse (or immediate relative of such
spouse) who resides with, or is a dependent of, any such officer or
director:   (i) owns, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, or has 
any other interest in any tangible or intangible property which the  Company
or any Company Subsidiary uses in the conduct of its business  (except for
any such ownership or interest resulting from the ownership  of securities in
a public company); or   (ii) has outstanding any indebtedness to the Company
or any  Company Subsidiary.   (b) Except for the payment of employee
compensation in the ordinary course of business, the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries do not have any liability or any other obligation of any nature
whatsoever: (i) to any shareholder, or, to the Company\'s knowledge, any
affiliate thereof, who beneficially owns 5% or more of the capital stock of
the Company (on an as-converted basis) or 5% or more of the capital stock of
any Company Subsidiary; (ii) to any officer or director of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary; (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, to any immediate
relative or spouse (or immediate relative of such spouse) of any such officer
or director; or (iv) to any other shareholder of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, except, for the purposes of this clause (iv) only, for any arm\'s
length liability or obligation which does not exceed $10,000
individually.   SECTION 3.17. Insurance Policies. Section 3.17 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all
insurance policies held by the Company or any Company Subsidiary. True and
complete copies of all such policies have been provided or made available by
the Company to Parent. All premiums due to the date hereof on such policies
have been paid. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have not failed to
give any notice or present any claim under any such policy in a timely
fashion, except where such failure would not prejudice the Company\'s or a
Company Subsidiary\'s ability to make a claim. Such insurance to the date
hereof has (i) been maintained in full force and effect and (ii) not been
canceled or changed, except to extend the maturity dates thereof.   SECTION
3.18. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other than U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray ("Piper Jaffray")) is entitled to any brokerage,
finder\'s or other fee or commission in connection with the Transactions
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary. The Company has heretofore furnished to Parent a  
35   complete and correct copy of all agreements between the Company and
Piper Jaffray pursuant to which such firm would be entitled to any payment
relating to the Transactions.   SECTION 3.19. No Misstatements. No
representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or the
Company Disclosure Schedule contains any untrue statement of a material fact,
or omits, when taken as a whole, to state a material fact, necessary in order
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading.   SECTION 3.20. Vote Required. The only votes of
the holders of any classes or series of capital stock of the Company
necessary to approve this Agreement and the Transactions is (a) the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of each of the Company Common Stock, voting as a single class, and the
Company Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, in favor of the approval
of this Agreement, and (b) the affirmative vote of at least 75 percent of the
shares held by "disinterested shareholders" to satisfy the shareholder
approval requirements of Section 280G of the Code.   ARTICLE IV  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Except as set
forth in the disclosure schedule delivered by Parent and Merger Sub to the
Company concurrently with the execution of this Agreement (the "Parent
Disclosure Schedule") and which provides an exception to or otherwise
qualifies in reasonable detail with specific Section references, the
representations or warranties Parent and Merger Sub specifically referred
to therein, except where readily apparent from the language in the
Parent Disclosure Schedule that such disclosure also applies to another
Section, Parent and Merger Sub hereby jointly and severally represent and
warrant to the Company that:   SECTION 4.01. Organization and
Qualification. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and each of Parent\'s "significant
subsidiaries" (within the meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X as
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended) (collectively, the "Parent Subsidiaries")
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite
corporate power and authority and all necessary governmental approvals to
own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing or
in good standing or to have such power, authority and governmental approvals
would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Transactions, and
would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Parent Material
Adverse Effect (as defined below). Each of Parent, Merger Sub and each of
Parent Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to
do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction in each the
character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of
its business makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for such
failures to be so qualified or licensed or in good standing that have not had
or would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect. The term "Parent Material Adverse Effect" means
any circumstance, change or effect that is, or is reasonably likely to
be, materially adverse   36   to the business, operations, financial
condition and results of operations of Parent and Parent Subsidiaries taken
as a whole; provided, however, that none of the following shall be deemed,
singly or in the aggregate, to constitute, or be considered in determining
whether there exists, a Parent Material Adverse Effect: any circumstance,
change or effect (i) resulting from the announcement or pendency of the
Transactions or (ii) resulting from any change in the healthcare or
cardiovascular disease treatment industry, or in general economic conditions,
in each case that are not specifically related to the Parent, the Parent
Subsidiaries or its business. Parent has heretofore furnished to the Company
a true and correct copy of the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of
Merger Sub and such Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws are in
full force and effect.   SECTION 4.02. Authority Relative to this
Agreement. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its
obligations hereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub and the
consummation by each of Parent and Merger Sub of the Transactions have been
duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate the Transactions (other than, with
respect to the Merger, the filing and recordation of appropriate merger
documents as required by the DGCL and California Law and, if necessary, the
HSR Act filing (as described in Section 3.05)). This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Merger Sub and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties
hereto, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each of Parent
and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub
in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting
creditor\'s rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to the effect
of general principles of equity.   SECTION 4.03. No Conflict; Required
Filings and Consents. (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
each of Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the performance of this Agreement
by each of Parent and Merger Sub will not (i) conflict with or violate their
respective organizational documents, (ii) assuming that all consents,
approvals, authorizations and other actions described in Section 4.03(b) have
been obtained and all filings and obligations described in Section 4.03(b)
have been made, conflict with or violate in any material respect any Law
applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or by which any property or asset of
Parent or Merger Sub is bound or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of
or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or
both, would become a default) under, or give to others any right of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of a lien or other encumbrance on any property or asset of Parent or
Merger Sub pursuant to, any material note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other
instrument or obligation, except, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii), for
any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, or other occurrences
which would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Transactions
or otherwise prevent or materially delay Parent and Merger Sub from
performing its obligations under this Agreement and would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   37    (b)
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub
do not, and the performance of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger
Sub will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or
filing with or notification to, any Governmental Authority, except (i) for
the pre-merger notification requirements of the HSR Act and the filing and
recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL
and California Law, and (ii) where the failure to obtain such consents,
approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or
notifications, would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the
Transactions or otherwise prevent or materially delay Parent and Merger Sub
from performing its obligations under this Agreement.   SECTION 4.04.
Financing. Parent has, and shall have at the Effective Time, funds available
sufficient to permit Parent to pay the Initial Merger Consideration and the
License Contingent Payment pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 2.03,
respectively.   SECTION 4.05. Ownership of Merger Sub; No Prior
Activities. Parent owns all of the outstanding capital stock of Merger Sub.
Merger Sub was formed by Parent solely for the purpose of engaging in the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. As of the date of this Agreement
and the Effective Time, except for obligations or liabilities incurred in
connection with its incorporation or organization and this Agreement and the
Transactions, Merger Sub has not and will not have incurred, directly or
indirectly, through any subsidiary or affiliate, any obligations or
liabilities or engaged in any business activities of any type or kind
whatsoever or entered into any agreements or arrangements with any
person.   SECTION 4.06. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is
entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other fee or commission in
connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of Parent or Merger Sub.   ARTICLE V   CONDUCT OF BUSINESSES PENDING THE
MERGER   SECTION 5.01. Conduct of Business by the Company Pending
the Merger. The Company agrees that, between the date of this Agreement and
the earlier to occur of the Effective Time and the termination of this
Agreement, except as set forth in Section 5.01 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or as contemplated by any other provision of this Agreement, unless
Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed):   (i) the Company shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts  to conduct the businesses of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries  shall be conducted only in, and the Company and the
Company  Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and in a manner 
consistent with past practice; and   (ii) the Company shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts  to preserve substantially intact its
business organization and the  business organization of the Company
Subsidiaries, to keep available  the services of the current officers,
employees   38    and consultants of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries and to  preserve the current relationships of the Company and
the Company  Subsidiaries with customers, suppliers and other persons with
which the  Company or any Company Subsidiary has significant business
relations.   By way of amplification and not limitation, except
as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in Section 5.01
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
shall not, between the date of this Agreement and the earlier to occur of the
Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement, directly or indirectly,
do, or propose to do, any of the following without the prior written consent
of Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed):  
(a) amend or otherwise change its organizational documents;   (b) issue,
sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, encumber, or  authorize the issuance, sale,
pledge, disposition, grant or encumbrance  of any shares of its capital stock
of any class, or any options,  warrants, convertible securities or other
rights of any kind to acquire  any shares of such capital stock, or any other
ownership interest  (including, without limitation, any phantom interest), of
the Company  or any Company Subsidiary, including, without limitation, any
grant of  options to a "disqualified individual" within the meaning of
Section  280G of the Code, except pursuant to the terms of options, warrants
or  preferred stock outstanding on the date of this Agreement or pursuant 
to shares reserved for issuance under the Company Stock Plans as of the  date
hereof;   (c) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other 
distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with  respect to
any of its capital stock;   (d) reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or
redeem, purchase  or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its
capital stock,  except that the Company may repurchase, at cost, any shares
of its  capital stock subject to a right of repurchase;   (e) acquire
(including, without limitation, by merger,  consolidation or acquisition of
stock or assets) any interest in any  corporation, partnership, other
business organization or any division  thereof or, except in the ordinary
course of business and consistent  with past practice, any assets in excess
of $50,000 individually, or  $250,000 in the aggregate;   (f) incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any  debt securities or assume,
guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as an  accommodation become responsible
for, the obligations of any person, or  make any loans or advances, except in
the ordinary course of business  and consistent with past practice;   (g)
authorize any capital expenditure in excess of $50,000  individually or
$250,000 in the aggregate;   (h) increase the compensation payable or to
become payable to  its officers or employees, grant any severance or
termination pay, or  right thereto, to, or enter into any employment or
severance agreement  with, any director, officer or other employee of the  
39    Company or any Company Subsidiary, enter into any employment or 
consulting arrangements with any person who provides services to the  Company
or any Company Subsidiary that provides for compensation  amounts that are
not in accordance with past practice or establish,  adopt, enter into or
amend any collective bargaining, bonus, profit  sharing, thrift,
compensation, stock option, restricted stock, pension,  retirement, deferred
compensation, employment, termination, severance  or other plan, agreement,
trust, fund, policy or arrangement for the  benefit of any director, officer
or employee;   (i) enter into any contract or agreement in which the 
obligation of the Company or any Company Subsidiary exceeds $50,000,  except
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past  practice;  
(j) enter into, amend or terminate any contract, agreement,  commitment or
arrangement that, if fully performed, would not be  permitted under this
Section 5.01;   (k) other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent  with past practice, enter into any contract, agreement or
obligation  which shall not terminate or be subject to termination for
convenience,  in each case, without cost, by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary  upon notice of 30 days or less;   (l) take any action, other
than reasonable and usual actions  in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice,  with respect to accounting policies or
procedures;   (m) make, change or revoke any material Tax election, change 
any annual Tax accounting period, adopt or change any method of Tax 
accounting, file any amended Tax return, enter into any closing  agreement,
settle any Tax claim or assessment, surrender any right to  claim a Tax
refund, consent to any extension or waiver of the  limitation period
applicable to any Tax claim or assessment or take or  omit to take any other
action with respect to Taxes, if any such action  or omission would have the
effect of materially increasing the Tax  liability of the Company, any
Company Subsidiary, Parent or any  affiliate of Parent; or   (n) (i) sell,
assign, lease, terminate, abandon, transfer or  otherwise dispose of or grant
any security interest in and to any item  of the Owned Intellectual Property
or Licensed Intellectual Property,  in whole or in part, (ii) grant any
license with respect to any Owned  Intellectual Property, other than license
of Company Software to  customers of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to
whom the Company  or any Company Subsidiary licenses such Company Software in
the  ordinary course of business, (iii) develop, create or invent any 
Intellectual Property jointly with any third party not exclusively  assigned
to the Company, or (iv) disclose, or allow to be disclosed,  any confidential
Owned Intellectual Property, unless such Owned  Intellectual Property is
subject to a confidentiality or nondisclosure  covenant protecting against
disclosure thereof.   SECTION 5.02. Conduct of Business by Parent Pending
the Merger. Parent agrees that, between the date of this Agreement and the
earlier to occur of the Effective Time and   40   the termination of
this Agreement, unless Company shall otherwise consent in writing (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed):   (i) Parent shall
use all commercially reasonable efforts (A)  not to interfere with the
Company\'s efforts to keep available the  services of the current officers,
employees and consultants of the  Company and the Company Subsidiaries, and
(B) to preserve the current  relationships of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries with their  respective customers, suppliers and other persons
with which the  Company or any Company Subsidiary has significant business
relations;  and   (ii) Parent shall use all commercially reasonable efforts
to  instruct its employees or distributors not to (A) take any action which 
would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Company\'s sales of  the
Company Covered Products, and (B) make any representations about  the
Company\'s products or business, or Parent\'s intentions regarding  pricing
or distribution of the Company\'s products after the Effective  Time.   By
way of amplification and not limitation, except as otherwise contemplated by
this Agreement, Parent shall not, between the date of this Agreement and the
earlier to occur of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement,
directly or indirectly, do, or propose to do, any of the following without
the prior written consent of the Company (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed):   (a) with respect to the field of the
Cutting Balloon(TM)  atherotomy catheter only, acquire (including, without
limitation, by  merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any
interest  in any corporation, partnership, other business organization or
any  division thereof, which would prevent the Company from meeting the 
Six-Month Target Amount or Twelve-Month Target Amount; or   (b) incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any  debt securities or assume,
guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as an  accommodation become responsible
for, the obligations of any person,  which would prevent Parent from paying
the Initial Merger Consideration  or the License Contingent Payment.  
SECTION 5.03. Notification of Certain Matters. Parent shall give prompt
notice to the Company, and the Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, of
(i) the occurrence, or non-occurrence, of any event the occurrence, or non-
occurrence, of which would be likely to cause (x) any representation
or warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate or (y)
any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement not to be
complied with or satisfied, and (ii) any failure of Parent or the Company to
comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied
with or satisfied by it hereunder, and which, in either (i) or (ii), in each
case or when aggregated with any other event or failure, could reasonably be
expected to provide the notified party the right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 8.01; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice
pursuant to this Section 5.03 shall not limit or otherwise affect the
remedies available hereunder to the party receiving such notice.   41   
ARTICLE VI   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   SECTION 6.01. Company Shareholders\'
Meeting. (a) The Company shall (i) in accordance with California Law and the
Company\'s Articles of Incorporation and By-laws, duly call, give notice of,
convene and hold a meeting of the Company Shareholders (the "Company
Shareholders\' Meeting") for the purpose of voting upon the approval of the
Merger and this Agreement and (ii) recommend that the Company Shareholders
vote in favor of the approval of the Merger and this Agreement. The Company
shall use best efforts to hold the Company Shareholders\' Meeting as soon as
practicable after the date hereof, and in any event within 40 days after the
date hereof.   (b) The Company shall take all commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain a shareholder vote that satisfies the shareholder
approval requirements of Section 280G of the Code approving payments and
benefits, including, without limitation, the acceleration of the vesting
and exercisability of Company Stock Options, resulting, either alone or
together with another event, and either solely or partially, from the
consummation of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement or as a result
of a "change in control" within the meaning of such term under any Plan or
Section 280G of the Code.   (c) Not more than five business days after the
Closing Date the Company shall provide to Parent a schedule to be presented
by Parent to the Paying Agent that accurately sets forth (without rounding)
on a Fully Diluted Company Stock Amount basis for each Company Shareholder
and each Company Optionholder: (i) the name, address and social security
number of each such Company Shareholder or Company Optionholder and (ii) such
Company Shareholder\'s or Company Optionholder\'s participation interest (by
percent ownership and dollar value) in the Initial Merger Consideration and
each Contingent Payment.   SECTION 6.02. Access to Information;
Confidentiality. (a) From the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time,
the Company shall: (i) provide to Parent (and its officers, directors,
employees, accountants, consultants, legal counsel, agents and other
representatives, collectively, "Representatives") access at reasonable times
upon prior notice to the officers, employees, agents, properties, offices and
other facilities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary and to the books
and records thereof and (ii) furnish promptly such information concerning the
business, properties, contracts, assets, liabilities, personnel and other
aspects of the Company or any Company Subsidiary as Parent or its
Representatives may reasonably request.   (b) The parties shall comply with,
and shall cause their respective Representatives to comply with, all of their
respective obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of
October 27, 2000 (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), between the Company and
Parent. The Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Effective Time.   SECTION 6.03. No
Solicitation of Transactions. (a) The Company shall not, directly or
indirectly, and shall instruct its directors, officers, shareholders,
employees, agents,   42   affiliates, advisors or other representatives
(including, without limitation, any investment banker, attorney or accountant
retained by it), not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or
encourage (including by way of furnishing nonpublic information), or
knowingly take any other action to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of
any proposal or offer (including, without limitation, any proposal or offer
to its shareholders) that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead
to, any Competing Transaction (as defined below), or enter into or maintain
or continue discussions or negotiate with, or provide any information to, any
person or entity in furtherance of such inquiries or to obtain a Competing
Transaction, or agree to or endorse any Competing Transaction, or authorize
or knowingly permit any of the directors, officers, shareholders or
affiliates of the Company, or any investment banker, financial advisor,
attorney, accountant or other representative retained by the Company, to take
any such action directly or indirectly. The Company shall notify
Parent promptly, and in any event within one business day after receipt by
the Company (or any of its officers or directors, or, after the Company being
made aware of the receipt by any of its shareholders, employees, agents,
affiliates, advisors or other representatives) of any proposal for, or
inquiry respecting, any Competing Transaction, or any request for nonpublic
information in connection with such proposal or inquiry or for access to the
properties, books or records of the Company by any person or entity that
informs or has informed the Company that it is considering making or has made
such a proposal or inquiry. Such notice to Parent shall indicate in
reasonable detail the identity of the person making such proposal or inquiry
and the terms and conditions of such proposal or inquiry. The Company
immediately shall cease and cause to be terminated all existing discussions
or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with respect to a
Competing Transaction. The Company agrees not to release any third party
from, or waive any provision of, any confidentiality or standstill agreement
to which it is a party.   (b) A "Competing Transaction" means any of the
following involving the Company (other than the Transactions): (i) a
merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination or other similar
transaction after the consummation of which the Company Shareholders would
own less than 85% of the voting power in the surviving entity; (ii) any sale,
lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of a material portion of the
assets of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iii) a tender
offer or exchange offer for 15% or more of the outstanding voting securities
of such party; or (iv) the sale or license of any Intellectual Property
rights related to the Company Covered Products.   SECTION 6.04. Employee
Benefits Matters. (a) As soon as practicable after the date hereof but in any
event prior to the Effective Time, the Company will use its best efforts to
enter into the Employment Agreements with the individuals set forth in
Section 6.04(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   (b) Following the
Effective Time, Parent shall either: (i) adopt and maintain all Company
Benefit Plans (other than the Company Stock Plans), as in existence
immediately prior to the Effective Time, and, accordingly, such Company
Benefit Plans shall thereby continue in full force and effect and each such
Company Benefit Plan shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as in
effect under the Company Benefit Plans and policies as in existence
immediately prior to the Effective Time for a period of at least one year, or
(ii) arrange for each employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to
participate in any "Parent Benefit Plan" maintained for similarly
situated employees of Parent (which shall mean all plans,  
43   programs, and arrangements that are maintained by Parent from time to
time) in accordance with the eligibility criteria thereof, provided that (x)
Company employees participating in a Parent Benefit Plan shall receive full
credit for years of service with the Company or any Company Subsidiary prior
to the Effective Time (in addition to any other service otherwise credited by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary) for all purposes for which service
was recognized under the Company Benefit Plans, including, but not limited
to, eligibility to participate, vesting, and to the extent not duplicative
of benefits received under such Company Benefit Plan, the amount of benefits,
(y) Company employees participating in the Parent Benefit Plan, and
such participants\' dependents shall participate in Parent Benefit Plan (to
the extent that the terms and conditions of each Parent Benefit Plan and each
Company Benefit Plan provide for coverage and/or benefits of eligible
employees\' dependents) on terms in no way less favorable than those offered
by Parent to employees of Parent from time to time, and (z) Parent shall
cause any and all pre-existing condition limitations, eligibility waiting
periods and evidence of insurability requirements under any Parent Benefit
Plan to be waived with respect to such Company employees and their eligible
dependents (if applicable) and shall provide each such Company employees with
credit for any co-payments and deductibles owed prior to the Effective Time
for purposes of satisfying any applicable deductible, out-of-pocket, or
similar requirements under all Parent Benefit Plans in which such
participants are eligible to participate in after the Effective Time.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing to the contrary, none of the provisions
contained herein shall operate to duplicate any benefit provided to any
employee of the Company or the funding of any such benefit.   (c) Parent
shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) maintain the
Company\'s General Cash Bonus Program as modified by Section 3.10 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule (the "Cash Bonus Program"), and to pay such cash
bonus to the participating Company employees in full in February
2002; provided that the Company satisfies the performance objectives set
forth in the Cash Bonus Program, as modified by Section 3.10 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule; (ii) provide Company employees a fully-paid vacation for
the entire week beginning December 25, 2001 and ending on January 1, 2002, in
addition to all other vacations and vacation time currently provided to the
Company\'s employees; provided that the Company satisfies the performance
objectives set forth in the Cash Bonus Program; (iii) maintain the Company\'s
sales commission programs for the Clinical Team and the Sales Team for fiscal
year ended July 31, 2001, as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule (the "Sales Commissions"), and to pay such Sales
Commissions to the participating Company employees in full as they become
due, and (iv) maintain the incentive bonus program for Mr. Reiss as modified
by Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule (the "Reiss Bonus
Program"), and to pay such incentive bonus to Mr. Reiss the sooner of
February 1, 2002, or Mr. Reiss\' last day of employment with the Company;
provided that Mr. Reiss satisfies the performance objectives set forth in the
Reiss Bonus Program, as modified by Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   (d) Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to,
establish a cash bonus program (the "Performance Bonus Plan") that
is designed to replace the cancelled Performance-Based Options, as
contemplated in Section 2.04, which shall provide those Company Optionholders
who held such Performance-Based Options (the "Performance Optionees") with
the opportunity to earn a cash bonus equal to the Common Stock Merger
Consideration and any Performance Remainder Per Share Payments and payable
(after deducting   44   the exercise price that would have been payable
by any such Company Optionholder upon exercise of the applicable cancelled
Performance-Based Option) in accordance with all the terms and conditions of
the Common Stock Merger Consideration and the Performance Remainder Per Share
Payments. At the Closing, Parent shall fund the Performance Bonus Plan with
an amount, in cash, equal to (A) the Maximum Performance Stock Amount
multiplied by the Initial Per Share Common Payment less (B) the aggregate
exercise price that would have been payable by all such Company Optionholders
upon exercise of the applicable cancelled Performance-Based Option (the
"Initial Performance Plan Fund Amount"). The amount of the Initial
Performance Plan Fund Amount not earned by any Performance Optionee (the
"Initial Performance Bonus Remainder") pursuant to the terms of the
Performance Bonus Plan shall be paid to the Company Shareholders and the
other Performance Optionees in the form of a Performance Remainder Per Share
Payment pursuant to Section 2.02(b). In addition, on each date that
a Contingent Payment is due pursuant to Section 2.03, Parent shall fund
the Performance Bonus Plan with an additional amount, in cash, equal to the
Maximum Performance Stock Amount multiplied by the applicable Contingent Per
Share Payment (each, a "Subsequent Performance Plan Fund Amount"). The amount
of the Subsequent Performance Plan Fund Amount not so earned by any
Performance Optionee (each, a "Subsequent Performance Bonus Remainder")
pursuant to the terms of the Performance Bonus Plan shall be paid to the
Company Shareholders and the other Performance Optionees in the form of a
Performance Remainder Per Share Payment pursuant to Section 2.02(b).   (e)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that
the shareholder approval referenced in Section 6.01(b) is not obtained, (i)
the Company Stock Options, only to the extent the vesting and exercisability
of such Company Stock Options pursuant to Section 2.04, together with all
other payments to any "disqualified individual" within the meaning of Section
280G of the Code, would constitute "excess parachute payments" within the
meaning of Section 280G of the Code (the "Non-Accelerated Options"), (A)
shall not vest or become exercisable pursuant to Section 2.04 and (B) shall
be exchanged for the opportunity to participate in a cash bonus program (the
"280G Plan") that is no less favorable as to the amount and timing of the
payments thereunder than any payments that would have been made in respect of
the Non-Accelerated Options had such Non-Accelerated Options not been so
exchanged, (ii) the Fully Diluted Company Stock Amount shall be decreased
to exclude any Non-Accelerated Options, (iii) the Initial Merger
Consideration shall be reduced by, and Parent shall fund the 280 Plan with,
an amount equal to (A) the Non-Accelerated Options multiplied by the Initial
Per Share Common Payment (with the denominator as reduced pursuant to
subsection (ii) above) less (B) the aggregate exercise price that would have
been payable by all such holders of Non-Accelerated Options upon exercise of
the applicable exchanged Non-Accelerated Option (the "Initial 280G Plan Fund
Amount"), (iv) on each date that a Contingent Payment is due pursuant to
Section 2.03, Parent shall fund the 280G Plan with an additional amount, in
cash, equal to the Non-Accelerated Options multiplied by the applicable
Contingent Per Share Payment (each, a "Subsequent 280G Plan Fund Amount"),
and (v) the amount of the Initial 280G Plan Fund Amount not earned by any
holder of a Non-Accelerated Option (the "Initial 280G Remainder") and the
amount of any Subsequent 280G Plan Fund Amount not earned by any holder of a
Non-Accelerated Option (each, a "Subsequent 280G Remainder") pursuant to the
terms of the 280G Plan shall be paid to the Company Shareholders and the
other holders of Non-Accelerated Options in the form of a Performance
Remainder Per Share Payment pursuant to Section 2.02(b).   45    SECTION
6.05. Further Action; Consents; Filings. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof, each of the parties hereto shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to (i) take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action
and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under
applicable Law or otherwise to consummate and make effective
the Transactions, (ii) obtain from Governmental Authorities any consents,
licenses, permits, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders required to
be obtained or made by Parent or the Company or any of their subsidiaries in
connection with the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation of the Transactions, (iii) make all necessary filings,
and thereafter make any other required submissions, with respect to this
Agreement or the Transactions required under applicable Law. The parties
hereto shall cooperate with each other in connection with the making of all
such filings, including by providing copies of all such documents to the
nonfiling party and its advisors prior to filing and, if requested, by
accepting all reasonable additions, deletions or changes suggested in
connection therewith.   SECTION 6.06. Public Announcements. The initial
press release relating to this Agreement shall be a joint press release the
text of which has been agreed to by each of Parent and the Company.
Thereafter until Closing, unless otherwise required by applicable Law, Parent
and the Company shall not issue any press release or otherwise make any
public statements with respect to this Agreement, or the Transactions without
the prior written consent of Parent or the Company.   SECTION 6.07.
Expenses. Other than as set forth in Section 2.03(j) and other than expenses
incurred in connection with Article IX, all costs and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the Transactions (including, without
limitation, the fees and expenses of financial advisors, accountants and
legal counsel) (i) if incurred by Parent and Merger Sub, shall be paid by
Parent, and (ii) if incurred by the Company, shall be paid by the Company,
provided, however, that to the extent that the aggregate fees and expenses of
Piper Jaffray, the Company\'s accountants and the Company\'s legal counsel
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions
exceed $11,000,000 (the "Excess Fees") and invoices for such Excess Fees are
presented to Parent or the Company on or prior to the date any Initial Per
Share Payments are made to the Company Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.02
above, an amount equal to such Excess Fees actually paid by Parent or the
Company may be deducted from the Initial Merger Consideration by Parent. To
the extent that Excess Fees are incurred by the Company and invoices for such
Excess Fees are not presented to Parent or the Company on or prior to the
Closing Date and have not been previously deducted from the Initial Merger
Consideration as contemplated by the preceding sentence, such Excess Fees may
be deducted from the next Contingent Payment, if any. In the event that such
Excess Fees exceed the Contingent Payments, if any, the Company Shareholders,
severally and not jointly, shall indemnify and hold harmless and reimburse
Parent and its affiliates from and against such Company Shareholder\'s
ratable share of any and all such Excess Fees actually paid by Parent;
provided, that such indemnification shall be subject to the same procedures
and terms and conditions set forth in Sections 9.02(d), 9.04 and 9.05, and,
prior to the Expiration Time (as defined in Section 9.01 below), 9.02(c)
below assuming for such purpose that (i) such Excess Fees actually paid by
Parent shall constitute a "Loss", (ii) Parent and its affiliates are each
an "Indemnified Party," and (iii) the Company Shareholders are each
an "Indemnifying Party."   46    SECTION 6.08. Company Loans. (a) After
the date hereof, the Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
arrange for prepayment on the Closing Date of the principal amounts
outstanding, plus all accrued and unpaid interest, under the Company Loan
Agreements (as defined in Section 6.08(d)) as such amounts are set forth in
Section 6.08(c) below (including any interest which has accrued in accordance
with the terms of the Company Loan Agreements between the date hereof and
such date of prepayment) (such aggregate amount being the "Company Loans
Amount") in full satisfaction of the Company\'s obligations under the Company
Loan Agreements. In the event that Goodman and Cardion A.G. (formerly known
as Cardiogene), a company organized under the laws of Germany ("Cardion"),
accept such prepayment of the Company Loans Amount as full satisfaction of
the Company\'s obligations under the Company Loan Agreements, Parent shall
pay the respective portion of the Company Loans Amount to each of Goodman and
Cardion on the Closing Date.   (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in Article IX, in the event that after the date hereof Goodman or Cardion
make a claim in connection with the Company Loan Agreements (a "Company Loans
Claim") either (i) to convert the aggregate principal and accrued interest
under such Company Loan Agreements into shares of Company Common Stock, or
(ii) to receive a payment as full satisfaction of the Company\'s obligations
under the Company Loan Agreements, in either case that would result in the
payment to Goodman and Cardion of an amount that exceeds the Company Loans
Amount, the Company Shareholders, severally and not jointly, shall indemnify
and hold harmless and reimburse Parent and its affiliates from and against
any and all Losses (as defined in Section 9.02(a)) in excess of the Company
Loans Amount arising out of or resulting from any such Company Loans Claim
and the Company Shareholders (through the Merger Committee) shall assume and
control the defense of such Company Loans Claim at their expense; provided,
that to the extent not inconsistent with the assumption and control of the
defense of such Company Loans Claim by the Company Shareholders, such
indemnification shall be subject to the same procedures and terms and
conditions set forth in Sections 9.02(d), 9.04 and 9.05 below assuming for
such purpose that Parent and its affiliates are each an "Indemnified Party,"
and the Company Shareholders are each an "Indemnifying Party."
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.08, the parties
hereto hereby expressly acknowledge that (A) a Company Loans Claim shall not
include any Loss asserted by Goodman or its affiliates as arising out of or
resulting from the Goodman Agreement, and (B) the indemnification by the
Company Shareholders in this Section 6.08(b) shall not apply in the event of
any failure on the part of Parent or its affiliates to pay or, at or prior to
the Closing, fund the Company\'s payment of, the Company Loans Amount to
Goodman and Cardion.   (c) The Company represents and warrants that, as of
the date hereof:   (i) $15 million, plus approximately $2,221,000 in
accrued  interest, is outstanding under the First Goodman Loan Agreement
(as  defined in Section 6.08(d)),   (ii) $2 million, plus no accrued
interest, is outstanding  under the Second Goodman Loan Agreement (as defined
in Section  6.08(d)), and   (iii) $500,000, plus no accrued interest, is
outstanding under  the Cardion Agreement (as defined in Section 6.08(d)).  
47    (d) As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:   (i) "Cardion Agreement" means the Investment and
Convertible  Debt Agreement, dated as of July 1, 1999, between the Company
and  Cardion.   (ii) "Company Loans" means the debt outstanding pursuant
to  the terms of the Company Loan Agreements.   (iii) "Company Loan
Agreements" means, collectively, the  Goodman Loan Agreements and the Cardion
Agreement.   (iv) "First Goodman Loan Agreement" means the
Loan/Convertible  Debt Agreement, dated as of September 12, 1996, among the
Company,  Charger Europe and Goodman.   (v) "Goodman Loan Agreements"
means, collectively, the First  Goodman Loan Agreement and the Second Goodman
Loan Agreement.   (vi) "Second Goodman Loan Agreement" means the 
Loan/Convertible Debt Agreement, dated as of September 25, 1997, among  the
Company, Charger Europe and Goodman.   SECTION 6.09. Director and Officer
Indemnification. (a) From and after the Effective Time, Parent will, and
Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to, fulfill and honor in all
respects the obligations of Company and any Company Subsidiary pursuant to
the indemnification agreements between the Company or any Company Subsidiary
and its respective current or past directors, officers, employees or agents
as of the Effective Time (the "Company Indemnified Parties") listed in
Section 6.09 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and any indemnification
provisions under Company\'s Articles of Incorporation or By-laws as in effect
on the date hereof. The Articles of Incorporation and By-laws of the
Surviving Corporation will contain provisions with respect to exculpation and
indemnification that are at least as favorable to the Company
Indemnified Parties as those contained in the Articles of Incorporation and
By-laws of Company as in effect on the date hereof, which provisions will not
be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six years from the
Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the rights
thereunder of individuals who, immediately prior to the Effective Time, were
directors, officers, employees or agents of Company, unless such modification
is required by law.   (b) From the Effective Time until the sixth
anniversary thereof, the Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
maintain in effect, for the benefit of the current or future directors and
officers of the Company with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to
the Effective Time, the existing policy of directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance maintained by the Company and any Company Subsidiary as
of the date of this Agreement (the "Existing Policy"); provided, however,
that the Surviving Corporation may substitute for the Existing Policy a
policy or policies of comparable coverage; and provided further, that in no
event shall Parent or the Surviving Corporation be required to expend
pursuant to this Section 6.09(b) more than an amount per year equal to 150%
of current annual premiums paid by the Company for such   48   insurance
(which current annual premiums the Company represents and warrants to be
approximately $30,000 in the aggregate).   (c) Parent and the Surviving
Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay all expenses, including
reasonable attorneys\' fees, that may be incurred by any Company Indemnified
Party in enforcing the indemnity and other obligations provided for in this
Section 6.09 to the extent that such Company Indemnified Party is determined
to be entitled to indemnification under this Section 6.09.   (d) This
Section 6.09 shall survive the consummation of the Merger at the Effective
Time, is intended to be for the benefit of, and enforceable by, each person
entitled to indemnification pursuant hereto and each such person\'s or
entity\'s heirs and representatives, and shall be binding on all successors
and assigns of Parent and the Surviving Corporation.   SECTION 6.10. French
Valley Contract. Parent shall fulfill all of its obligations under the
Contract of Sale dated the date hereof between Reisung Enterprises, Inc., a
California corporation and Parent (the "French Valley Contract") in
accordance with the terms and conditions therein.   SECTION 6.11. Foreign
Governmental Approvals. The parties hereto hereby agree that in the event
that any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or
notification to, any Governmental Authority of any foreign jurisdiction is
required in order to implement the Merger in such foreign jurisdiction, the
parties will negotiate in good faith to defer the implementation of the
Merger in such jurisdiction until such consent, approval, authorization,
permit, filing or notification is obtained or made   ARTICLE VII  
CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER SECTION   7.01. Conditions to the Obligations of
Each Party. The obligations of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to
consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where
permissible) by Parent or the Company of the following conditions:   (a)
this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the requisite
affirmative vote of the Company Shareholders in accordance with California
Law and the Company\'s Articles of Incorporation;   (b) no Governmental
Authority or court of competent jurisdiction located or having jurisdiction
in the United States shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered any law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, executive order or award
(an "Order") which is then in effect and has the effect of making the Merger
illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger; and   (c) any
waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the consummation of
the Merger under the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.  
49    SECTION 7.02. Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger
Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permissible) by Parent of
the following additional conditions:   (a) each of the representations and
warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement (without giving effect
to any materiality qualifications or limitations therein or any references
therein to Company Material Adverse Effect) shall be true and correct, in
each case as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of the Effective
Time, except (i) for such failures, individually or in the aggregate, to be
true and correct that would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (ii)
that those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
particular date shall remain true and correct as of such date; and (iii) for
changes expressly permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement,
and Parent shall have received a certificate of a duly authorized officer of
the Company to such effect;   (b) the Company shall have performed or
complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required
by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company on or prior
to the Effective Time, and Parent shall have received a certificate of the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company to that effect;   (c) Parent shall
have received, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent,
(i) all required authorizations, consents, orders and approvals of all
Governmental Authorities and officials, if any, and (ii) all third party
consents set forth in Section 7.02(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;  
(d) no event or events shall have occurred, which, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect;   (e) the individuals who
will enter into the Employment Agreements shall remain employed by the
Company;   (f) the Company shall have executed and delivered to
Parent counterparts of the Agreement of Merger to be filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of California and the Certificate of Merger to be filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware;   (g) there shall not
be pending or threatened any suit, action, investigation or proceeding to
which a Governmental Authority is a party (i) seeking to restrain or prohibit
the consummation of the Transactions or seeking to obtain from Parent or the
Company any damages that are material or (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit
the ownership or operation by Parent or the Company of any material portion
of their respective businesses or assets;   (h) Parent shall have received
the opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, P.C., special counsel to the
Company, or another counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent, and of Michael
Klicpera, counsel to the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit D; and   (i) Dissenting Shares shall comprise not more than 15%
of the Company Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.  
50    SECTION 7.03. Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The
obligations of the Company to consummate the Merger are subject to
the satisfaction or waiver (where permissible) by the Company following
additional conditions:   (a) each of the representations and warranties of
Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement (without giving effect to
any materiality qualifications or limitations therein or any references
therein to Parent Material Adverse Effect) shall be true and correct, in each
case as of the Effective Time, as though made on and as of the Effective
Time, except (i) for such failures, individually or in the aggregate, to be
true and correct that would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect; (ii)
that those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
particular date shall remain true and correct as of such date; and (iii) for
changes expressly permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement,
and the Company shall have received a certificate of a duly authorized
officer of Parent to such effect;   (b) Parent and Merger Sub shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and
covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by
Parent and Merger Sub on or prior to the Effective Time, and the Company
shall have received a certificate of a duly authorized officer of Parent to
that effect;   (c) Merger Sub shall have executed and delivered to
the Company counterparts of the Agreement of Merger to be filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of California and the Certificate of Merger
to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; and   (d)
The Company shall have received the opinion of Shearman and Sterling, special
counsel to Parent and Merger Sub, or another counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.  
ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   SECTION 8.01.
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the Transactions may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, notwithstanding any
requisite approval and adoption of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, as follows:   (a) by mutual written consent
duly authorized by the Board of Directors of each of Parent and the
Company;   (b) by Parent or the Company, if the Effective Time shall
not have occurred on or before the later of (i) 60 days from the date hereof,
(ii) ten days after the date of the Company Shareholders\' Meeting, or (iii)
if the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger under the
HSR Act has not expired or been terminated within 30 days after the
submission by the Company and Parent of the pre-merger notification
requirements of the HSR Act, then 120 days from the date hereof, provided,
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section
8.01(b) shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill  
51   any obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted
in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur on or before May 31, 2001;  
(c) by Parent or the Company, if there shall be any Order which is final and
nonappealable preventing the consummation of the Merger; provided, however,
that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.01(c) shall
not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under
this Agreement hereunder has been the cause of, or resulted in, such
Order;   (d) by Parent upon a breach of any material
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Company
set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of the
Company shall have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions set
forth in Sections 7.02(a) or 7.02(b) would not be satisfied ("Terminating
Company Breach"); provided, however, that, if such Terminating Company Breach
is curable by the Company through the exercise of their best efforts and for
so long as the Company continues to exercise such best efforts, Parent may
not terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.01(d), unless such breach
is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof is provided by Parent to the
Company; or   (e) by the Company upon a breach of any
material representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of
Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or
warranty of Parent or Merger Sub shall have become untrue, in either case
such that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.03(a) or 7.03(b) would not
be satisfied ("Terminating Parent Breach"); provided, however, that, if such
Terminating Parent Breach is curable by Parent and Merger Sub through the
exercise of their respective best efforts and for so long as Parent and
Merger Sub continue to exercise such best efforts, the Company may not
terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.01(e), unless such breach is
not cured within 30 days after notice thereof is provided by the Company to
Parent.   SECTION 8.02. Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination.
In the event the Company or Parent shall elect to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 8.01, it shall give written notice of such termination to
the other party, which notice shall state the reasons for such termination.
In the event of termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void, there shall be no liability under this
Agreement on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, or the Company or any of their
respective shareholders, officers or directors, and all rights and
obligations of each party hereto shall cease; provided, however, that nothing
herein shall relieve any party from liability for the willful breach of any
of its representations, warranties, or the breach of the covenants or
agreements set forth in this Agreement.   SECTION 8.03. Amendment. This
Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before or after any
required approval of matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
Company Shareholders by execution of an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of Parent and Company; provided, however, that after any such
approval, there shall be made no amendment that by law requires further
approval by such Company Shareholders without the further approval of such
Company Shareholders.   52    SECTION 8.04. Extension; Waiver. At any
time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto may (a) extend the time
for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other
parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
made to such party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant to
this Agreement or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions for the benefit of such party contained in this Agreement. Any
agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be
valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such
party. The delay in or failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any
of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a wavier
of such rights.   ARTICLE IX   INDEMNIFICATION   SECTION 9.01. Survival
of Representations and Warranties. The representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements contained in this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time
but shall terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) 18 months following the
Effective Time and (b) the date on which Parent shall transfer all of the
Contingent Payments to the Paying Agent (the "Expiration Time"); provided,
however, that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.14
shall survive until the end of the applicable statute of limitations; and
provided, further, that any such covenants and agreements (including, without
limitation, Section 6.09 and Article X) shall survive indefinitely to the
extent specifically contemplated by the terms thereof. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the parties hereto expressly acknowledge
that no party hereto shall have any rights to indemnification under this
Agreement with respect to any representation or warranty of any other
party hereto that was true and correct as of the date hereof but was not true
and correct as of a later date. Neither the period of survival nor the
liability of a party hereto with respect to such party\'s representations and
warranties shall be reduced by any investigation made at any time by or on
behalf of another party hereto. If written notice of a claim has been given
prior to the expiration of the applicable representations and warranties by a
party hereto to another party hereto, then the relevant representations and
warranties shall survive as to such claim until such claim has been finally
resolved.   SECTION 9.02. Indemnification by the Company Shareholders.
(a) Except as provided in Sections 6.07 and 6.08(b), after the Effective
Time through the Expiration Time, Parent and its affiliates (including, after
the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation), officers, directors,
employees, agents, successors and assigns (collectively, the "Parent
Indemnified Parties") shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company
Shareholders, severally and not jointly, for such Company Shareholder\'s
ratable share of any and all accrued, absolute, matured or determined
liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs and expenses, interest, awards,
judgments and penalties (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys\' and consultants\' fees and expenses and other costs of defending,
investigating or settling claims) actually suffered or incurred by them
(including, without limitation, in connection with any action brought or
otherwise initiated by any of them) (hereinafter, a "Loss"), arising out of
or resulting from:   53    (i) the breach of any representation or
warranty made by the  Company in this Agreement; or   (ii) the breach of
any covenant or agreement made by the  Company in this Agreement.   (b)
Except as provided in Sections 6.07 and 6.08(b), notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Agreement, except with respect to claims based
on fraud, the sole remedy of the Parent Indemnified Parties with respect to
the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be indemnification pursuant
to this Section 9.02, and:   (i) the maximum aggregate amount of
indemnifiable Losses  arising out of or resulting from the causes enumerated
in Section  9.02(a) that may be recovered from the Company Shareholders shall
be  limited to $110,000,000 of the Net Sales Contingent Payments and the 
set-off against the Net Sales Contingent Payments pursuant to Section 
9.02(c) shall be the Parent Indemnified Parties\' sole remedy to receive  any
payments pursuant to this Section 9.02;   (ii) no indemnification payment by
the Company Shareholders  with respect to any indemnifiable Loss otherwise
payable under Section  9.02(a) and arising out of or resulting from the
causes enumerated in  Section 9.02(a) shall be payable (A) unless the
individual  indemnifiable Loss exceeds $10,000 (in which case such Loss shall
only  count towards the $5,000,000 in subclause (B) below if such Loss can
be  aggregated with another Loss which results from a similar event or 
condition which gave rise to such Losses), and (B) until such time as  all
such indemnifiable Losses shall aggregate to more than $5,000,000,  after
which time the Company Shareholders shall be liable in full for  all
indemnifiable Losses (including the first $5,000,000).   (c) Except as
provided in Sections 6.07 and 6.08(b), any indemnifiable Loss owed to any
Parent Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 9.02 may only be satisfied
by offset against any Net Sales Contingent Payment which may become payable
to the Company Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.03(d). In the event that
Parent claims an indemnification payment is due pursuant to Section 9.02(a),
Parent may withhold a portion of a Net Sales Contingent Payment that is
otherwise due pursuant to Section 2.03(d) until the dispute with respect to
the indemnifiable Loss is resolved, provided, however, that in no event shall
Parent withhold a portion of the Net Sales Contingent Payment in excess of
the amount of the indemnifiable Loss in dispute. In the event that, upon
resolution of such dispute in accordance with Section 9.04, Parent is deemed
to have incorrectly withheld a portion of a Net Sales Contingent Payment,
Parent shall promptly pay such incorrectly withheld portion to the Paying
Agent in cash (subject to Section 2.02(f)), together with interest on such
portion calculated from the date such withheld portion was
originally withheld and calculated at the rate announced by J.P. Morgan Chase
and Co. at its principal office as its prime commercial lending rate as of the
first of January of the year in which the interest accrues.   (d) Payments
by the Company Shareholders pursuant to this Section 9.02 shall be limited to
the amount of any Loss that remains after deducting therefrom any insurance
proceeds or other similar payment recovered by the Parent Indemnified Parties
from any third   54   party with respect thereto. To the extent that any
Parent Indemnified Party receives any such insurance proceeds or similar
payment after the date that a Loss has been indemnified, Parent shall cause
such Parent Indemnified Party to deliver such amount to the Paying Agent for
distribution to the Company Shareholders pursuant to instructions delivered
to the Paying Agent.   SECTION 9.03. Indemnification by Parent. (a) After
the Effective Time through the Expiration Time, the Company Shareholders and
their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents,
successors and assigns (collectively, the "Shareholder Indemnified Parties")
shall be indemnified and held harmless by Parent for any and all Losses,
arising out of or resulting from:   (i) the breach of any representation or
warranty made by  Parent or Merger Sub in this Agreement; or   (ii) the
breach of any covenant or agreement made by Parent or  Merger Sub in this
Agreement.   (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, except with respect to claims based on fraud, the sole remedy
of the Shareholder Indemnified Parties with respect to the matters
contemplated by this Agreement shall be indemnification pursuant to this
Section 9.03, and:   (i) the maximum aggregate amount of indemnifiable
Losses  arising out of or resulting from the causes enumerated in Section 
9.03(a) that may be recovered from the Parent shall be limited to 
$110,000,000;   (ii) no indemnification payment by Parent with respect to
any  indemnifiable Loss otherwise payment under Section 9.03(a) and arising 
out of or resulting from the causes enumerated in Section 9.03(a) shall  be
payable (A) unless the individual indemnifiable Loss exceeds $10,000  (in
which case such Loss shall only count towards the $5,000,000 in  subclause
(B) below if such Loss can be aggregated with another Loss  which results
from a similar event or condition which gave rise to such  Losses), and (B)
until such time as all such indemnifiable Losses shall  aggregate to more
than $5,000,000, after which time Parent shall be  liable in full for all
indemnifiable Losses (including the first  $5,000,000).   SECTION 9.04.
Indemnification Procedures. (a) For purposes of this Section 9.04, a party
against which indemnification may be sought is referred to as the
"Indemnifying Party" and the party which may be entitled to indemnification
is referred to as the "Indemnified Party".   (b) The obligations and
liabilities of Indemnifying Parties under this Article IX with respect to
Losses arising from claims of any third party which are subject to the
indemnification provided for in this Article IX ("Third Party Claims") shall
be governed by and contingent upon the following additional terms and
conditions: (i) no claim may be asserted nor may any action be commenced
against any party for breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement contained herein, unless written notice of such claim or action is
received by the Indemnifying Party within the period set forth in Section
9.01 above; and (ii) if an   55   Indemnified Party shall receive notice
of any Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall give all Indemnifying
Parties notice of such Third Party Claim within 90 days of the receipt by the
Indemnified Party of such notice; provided, however, that the failure to
provide such notice shall not release an Indemnifying Party from any of its
obligations under this Article IX, except to the extent that such
Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. The notice of
claim shall describe in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances known
to the Indemnified Party that gave rise to such indemnification claim, and
the amount or good faith estimate of the amount arising therefrom.   (c) If
the Indemnifying Party acknowledges in writing its obligation to indemnify
the Indemnified Party hereunder against any Losses that may result from such
Third Party Claim, then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to assume
and control the defense of such Third Party Claim at its expense and through
counsel of its choice if it gives notice of its intention to do so to the
Indemnified Party within ten days of the receipt of such notice from the
Indemnified Party; provided, however, that, if there exists or is reasonably
likely to exist a conflict of interest that would make it inappropriate in
the judgment of the Indemnified Party, in its reasonable discretion, for the
same counsel to represent both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
Party, then the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to retain its own
counsel, in each jurisdiction for which the Indemnified Party
determines counsel is required, at the expense of the Indemnifying Party. In
the event that the Indemnifying Party exercises the right to undertake any
such defense against any such Third Party Claim as provided above, the
Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in such defense
and make available to the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Party\'s
expense, all witnesses, pertinent records, materials and information in the
Indemnified Party\'s possession or under the Indemnified Party\'s control
relating thereto as are reasonably required by the Indemnifying Party.
Similarly, in the event the Indemnified Party is, directly or indirectly,
conducting the defense against any such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying
Party shall cooperate with the Indemnified Party in such defense and make
available to the Indemnified Party, at the Indemnifying Party\'s expense, all
such witnesses, records, materials and information in the Indemnifying
Party\'s possession or under the Indemnifying Party\'s control relating
thereto as are reasonably required by the Indemnified Party. No such Third
Party Claim may be settled by any party conducting the defense against such
claim without the prior written consent of the other party unless the other
party and its affiliates are released in full in connection with such
settlement.   SECTION 9.05. Merger Committee. The Company
Shareholders hereby appoint Robert Reiss, Howard Palefsky and Douglas Rimer
to the Merger Committee, and the Merger Committee shall act as the
representative of the Company Shareholders, with full authority to act on
behalf of the Company Shareholders and to take any and all actions required
or permitted to be taken by the Company Shareholders under this Agreement,
with respect to any claims (including the settlement thereof) made by Parent
or the Company Shareholders for indemnification pursuant to this Article IX
and with respect to any actions to be taken by the Merger Committee pursuant
to Article II. The Company Shareholders shall be bound by all actions taken
by the Merger Committee in its capacity thereof. The Merger Committee shall
promptly, and in any event within five business days, provide written notice
to the Company Shareholders of any action taken on their behalf by the Merger
Committee pursuant to the authority delegated to the Merger Committee under
this Section 9.05. The Merger Committee shall at all times act in a manner
that the Merger Committee believes to be in the best interest of  
56   the Company Shareholders. Neither the Merger Committee nor any of its
directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable to any person for
any error of judgment, or any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken,
under this Agreement, except in the case of its gross negligence, bad faith
or willful misconduct. The Merger Committee may consult with legal counsel,
independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not
be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in
accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. The
Merger Committee shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the
performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of
this Agreement. As to any matters not expressly provided for in this
Agreement, the Merger Committee shall not be required to exercise any
discretion or take any action. Except as set forth in Section 2.03(j), each
Company Shareholder severally shall indemnify and hold harmless and reimburse
the Merger Committee from and against such Company Shareholder\'s ratable
share of any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs or expenses
suffered or incurred by the Merger Committee that arise out of or result from
any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Merger Committee under this
Agreement (other than such liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs or
expenses arising out of or resulting from the Merger Committee\'s
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct), provided, however, that
from the Effective Time to the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the
Earn-Out Period or (ii) the date on which Parent shall transfer all of the
Contingent Payments to the Paying Agent, Parent shall reimburse the Merger
Committee for up to $10,000 per year for the costs and expenses incurred by
the Merger Committee, as contemplated by Section 2.03, in reviewing any Net
Sales Statement, which costs and expenses shall be documented to the
reasonable satisfaction of Parent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, the Merger Committee shall not, in any manner, exercise, or seek to
exercise, any voting power whatsoever with respect to shares of capital stock
of the Company or Parent now or hereafter owned of record or beneficially by
any Company Shareholder unless the Merger Committee is expressly authorized
to do so in a writing signed by such Company Shareholder. In all matters
relating to Article II or this Article IX, the Merger Committee shall be the
only party entitled to assert the rights of the Company Shareholders, except
to the extent that the Company Shareholders are third-party beneficiaries
under this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.04 below and such rights have not
been specifically delegated to the Merger Committee by this Agreement, and
the Merger Committee shall perform all of the obligations of the Company
Shareholders hereunder. Parent shall be entitled to rely on all statements,
representations and decisions of the Merger Committee.   ARTICLE X   POST-
MERGER OPERATIONS   SECTION 10.01. Operation of Business. From the Effective
Time until the earlier of (a) the termination of the Earn-Out Period or (b)
the date of any Termination Payment pursuant to Section 2.03(g), Parent
shall:   (i) use its commercially reasonable efforts to achieve Net  Sales
that meet the Six-Month Target Amount and Twelve-Month Target  Amount;
and   57    (ii) manage the pricing of the Company Covered Products in
the  ordinary course of business.   ARTICLE XI   GENERAL PROVISIONS  
SECTION 11.01. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be deemed given if given in writing
and delivered in person, or mailed by registered or certified mail (postage
prepaid, return receipt requested) or delivered by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or confirmed facsimile transmission to the
respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a
party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section
11.01):   if to Parent or Merger Sub or, after the Closing, the Company:  
Boston Scientific Corporation  One Boston Scientific Place, C-11  Natick, MA
01760  Facsimile No.: (508) 650-8922  Attention: General Counsel   with a
copy to:   Shearman and Sterling  1550 El Camino Real  Menlo Park,
California 94025-4100  Facsimile No.: (650) 330-2299  Attention: Bruce
Czachor   if to the Company before the Closing:   Interventional
Technologies, Inc.  3575 Ruffin Road  San Diego, California 92123 
Facsimile No.: (858) 292-8381  Attention: Robert Reiss   with a copy
to:   Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, P.C.  975 Page Mill Road  Palo
Alto, California 94304-1050  Facsimile No.: (650) 461-5380  Attention:
Steven E. Bochner   58    if to Merger Committee to:   Merger
Committee  c/o Interventional Technologies, Inc.  3575 Ruffin Road  San
Diego, California 92123  Facsimile No.: (858) 292-8381  Attention: Robert
Reiss   All such notices and communications hereunder shall be deemed given
when received, as evidenced by the signed acknowledgement of receipt of the
person to whom such notice or communication shall have been
personally delivered, the acknowledgement of receipt returned to the sender
by the applicable postal authorities, the confirmation of delivery rendered
by the applicable overnight courier service, or the confirmation by the
sender of a successful facsimile transmission to the person to whom such
notice was sent via facsimile.   SECTION 11.02. Certain Definitions. (a) As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:   (i) "affiliate" of a specified person means a person who 
directly, or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls,  is
controlled by or is under common control with such specified person.   (ii)
"beneficial owner", with respect to any shares, means a  person who shall be
deemed to be the beneficial owner of such shares  (A) which such person or
any of its affiliates or associates (as such  term is defined in Rule 12b-2
promulgated under the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934, as amended (together
with the rules and regulations  promulgated thereunder, the "Exchange Act"),
beneficially owns,  directly or indirectly, (B) which such person or any of
its affiliates  or associates has, directly or indirectly, (1) the right to
acquire  (whether such right is exercisable immediately or subject only to
the  passage of time), pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or 
understanding or upon the exercise of consideration rights, exchange  rights,
warrants or options, or otherwise, or (2) the right to vote  pursuant to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding, or (C) which  are beneficially
owned, directly or indirectly, by any other persons  with whom such person or
any of its affiliates or associates or person  with whom such person or any
of its affiliates or associates has any  agreement, arrangement or
understanding for the purpose of acquiring,  holding, voting or disposing of
any shares.   (iii) "business day" means any day on which banks are not 
required or authorized to close in Natick, Massachusetts or San Diego, 
California.   (iv) "CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental
Response,  Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended as of the
date  hereof.   (v) "Company Software" means Software as it exists on the
date  hereof that is either (A) material to the operation of the business
of  the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or (B) manufactured, 
distributed, sold, licensed or marketed by the Company or any Company 
Subsidiary.   59    (vi) "control" (including the terms "controlled by"
and "under  common control with") means the possession, directly or
indirectly or  as trustee or executor, of the power to direct or cause the
direction  of the management and policies of a person, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, as trustee or executor, by contract or 
credit arrangement or otherwise.   (vii) "Environmental Laws" means any
federal, state or local  statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code or
order of the United  States, or any other jurisdiction and any enforceable
judicial or  administrative interpretation thereof, including any legally 
enforceable judicial or administrative order, consent decree or  judgment,
relating to pollution or protection of the environment or  natural resources,
including, without limitation, those relating to the  use, handling,
transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or  discharge of
Hazardous Materials, as in effect as of the date of this  Agreement.  
(viii) "Environmental Permits" means any permit, approval,  identification
number, license and other authorization required under  any applicable
Environmental Law.   (ix) "Group Purchasing Organization" means an entity 
authorized to act as a purchasing agent for a group of hospitals.   (x)
"Hazardous Materials" means (a) any petroleum, petroleum  products, by-
products or breakdown products, radioactive materials,  asbestos-containing
materials or polychlorinated biphenyls or (b) any  chemical, material or
substance defined or regulated as toxic or  hazardous or as a pollutant or
contaminant or waste under any  applicable Environmental Law.   (xi)
"Intellectual Property" means: (a) United States, foreign  and international
patents, patent applications and statutory invention  registrations, (b)
trademarks, service marks, domain names, trade  dress, logos and other source
identifiers, including registrations and  applications for registration
thereof, (c) copyrights, including  registrations and applications for
registration thereof, (d) trade  secrets, and (e) rights of privacy,
publicity and endorsement, and all  other rights associated therewith in any
jurisdiction.   (xii) "knowledge of the Company" or "the Company\'s
knowledge"  means the actual knowledge of Robert Reiss, James Call, Kathe 
Houghtaling, Gordon Janko, Michael Klicpera, Dolf Meewis, Herbert  Radisch,
Douglas Rimer and Ed Pannek, in each case after due inquiry.   (xiii)
"Licensed Intellectual Property" means all Intellectual  Property licensed to
the Company or any Company Subsidiary pursuant to  the Licenses.   (xiv)
"Licenses" mean (A) licenses of Owned Intellectual  Property by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary to third parties, (B)  licenses of Intellectual
Property by third parties to the Company or  any Company Subsidiary as of the
date hereof, and (C) agreements  between the Company or any Company
Subsidiary and third parties for the  development of Intellectual
Property.   60    (xv) "Owned Intellectual Property" means all
Intellectual  Property owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary.  
(xvi) "person" means an individual, corporation, partnership,  limited
partnership, syndicate, person (including, without limitation,  a "person" as
defined in section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), trust,  association or
entity or government, political subdivision, agency or  instrumentality of a
government.   (xvii) "Registered Proprietary Name" means all trade marks, 
trade names, brand names, and service marks registered by Company in  any
country throughout the world.   (xviii) "Software" means computer software
and programs in any  form, and all versions, updates, corrections,
enhancements and  modifications thereof, and all related documentation.  
(xix) "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" of any person means any  corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other legal entity of which  such person
(either alone or through or together with any other  subsidiary) owns,
directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the stock or  other equity
interests, the holders of which are generally entitled to  vote for the
election of the board of directors or other governing body  of such
corporation or other legal entity.   (xx) "Unregistered Proprietary Name"
means all trade marks,  trade names, brand names, and service marks used by
the Company but not  registered in any country throughout the world.   (b)
The following terms shall have the meanings defined for such terms in the
Sections of this Agreement set forth below:   Term Section  ---- ------- 
Actual Performance Stock Amount............................. 2.01(b) 
Affiliate................................................... 11.02(a) 
Aggregate Merger Consideration.............................. 2.01(b) 
Agreement................................................... Preamble 
Agreement of Merger......................................... 1.02 
Assets...................................................... 3.15  Audited
Financial Statements................................ 3.07(a)  Base Contingent
Amount...................................... 2.01(b)  Base Remainder
Amount....................................... 2.01(b)  beneficial
owner............................................ 11.02(a)  business
day................................................ 11.02(a)  California
Law.............................................. Recitals 
Cardion..................................................... 6.08(a)  Cardion
Agreement........................................... 6.08(d)  Cash Bonus
Program.......................................... 6.04(c) 
CERCLA...................................................... 11.02(a) 
Certificates................................................ 2.02(b)  
61    Term Section  ---- -------  Certificate of
Merger..................................... 1.02  Charger
Europe............................................ 2.03(k) 
Closing................................................... 1.02  Closing
Date.............................................. 1.02 
Code...................................................... 2.02(e)  Common
Stock Merger Consideration......................... 2.01(b) 
Company................................................... Preamble  Company
Benefit Plans..................................... 3.10(a)  Company Common
Stock...................................... Recitals  Company Covered
Products.................................. 2.03(k)  Company Disclosure
Schedule............................... Article III  Company Indemnified
Parties............................... 6.09(a)  Company Loan
Agreements................................... 6.08(d)  Company
Loans............................................. 6.08(d)  Company Loans
Amount...................................... 6.08(b)  Company Loans
Claim....................................... 6.08(b)  Company Material
Adverse Effect........................... 3.01(a)  Company
Optionholder...................................... 2.04  Company
Permits........................................... 3.06(a)  Company Preferred
Stock................................... Recitals  Company Series A
Stock.................................... Recitals  Company Series B
Stock.................................... Recitals  Company Series C
Stock.................................... Recitals  Company Series E
Stock.................................... Recitals  Company Series F
Stock.................................... Recitals  Company Series G
Stock.................................... Recitals  Company Series H
Stock.................................... Recitals  Company
Shareholders...................................... 3.03(d)  Company
Shareholders\' Meeting............................. 6.01(a)  Company
Software.......................................... 11.02(a)  Company
Stock............................................. Recitals  Company Stock
Option...................................... 2.04  Company Stock
Plans....................................... 2.04  Company
Subsidiary........................................ 3.01(a)  Competing
Transaction..................................... 6.03(b)  Confidentiality
Agreement................................. 6.02(b)  Contingent
Payments....................................... 2.03(a)  Contingent Per Share
Payment.............................. 2.01(b) 
control................................................... 11.02(a) 
DGCL...................................................... Recitals 
Determination Date........................................ 2.03(d) 
Dissenting Shares......................................... 2.05(a) 
Duplicative Options....................................... 2.01(b)  Earn-Out
Period........................................... 2.03(k)  Effective
Time............................................ 1.02   62    Term
Section  ---- -------  Employment
Agreements....................................... Recitals  Environmental
Laws.......................................... 11.02(a)  Environmental
Permits....................................... 11.02(a) 
ERISA....................................................... 3.10(a)  ERISA
Affiliate............................................. 3.10(e)  Excess Fees
................................................ 6.07  Existing
Policy............................................. 6.09(b)  Final Merger
Committee Amount............................... 2.03(c)  Final Net Sales
Calculations................................ 2.03(c)  Final Parent
Amount......................................... 2.03(c)  First Goodman Loan
Agreement................................ 6.08(d)  French Valley
Contract...................................... 6.10  Fully Diluted Company
Stock Amount.......................... 2.01(b)  Determination
Date.......................................... 2.03(d) 
GAAP........................................................ 2.03(k) 
Goodman..................................................... 2.03(k)  Goodman
Agreement........................................... 2.03(k)  Goodman Loan
Agreements..................................... 6.08(d)  Governmental
Authority...................................... 3.05(b)  Group Purchasing
Organization............................... 11.02(a)  Hazardous
Materials......................................... 11.02(a)  HSR
Act..................................................... 3.05(b)  Indemnified
Party........................................... 9.04(a)  Indemnifying
Party.......................................... 9.04(a)  Initial Merger
Consideration................................ 2.01(b)  Initial Per Share
Common Payment............................ 2.01(b)  Initial Per Share
Payment................................... 2.01(b)  Initial Performance Bonus
Remainder......................... 6.04(d)  Initial Performance Plan Fund
Amount........................ 6.04(d)  Initial 280G Plan Fund
Amount............................... 6.04(e)  Initial 280G
Remainder...................................... 6.04(e)  Intellectual
Property....................................... 11.02(a)  Interim Financial
Statements................................ 3.07(a)  IP
License.................................................. 2.03(a) 
IRS......................................................... 3.10(b) 
knowledge of the Company.................................... 11.02(a) 
Law......................................................... 3.05(a) 
Liabilities................................................. 3.07(b)  License
Contingent Payment.................................. 2.03(a)  License
Notice.............................................. 2.03(b)  Licensed
Intellectual Property.............................. 11.02(a) 
Licenses.................................................... 11.02(a) 
Loss........................................................ 9.02(a) 
Material Contracts.......................................... 3.11(a)  Maximum
Performance Stock Amount............................ 2.01(b)   63    Term
Section  ---- ------- 
Merger...................................................... Recitals  Merger
Committee............................................ 2.03(k)  Merger
Committee Members.................................... 2.03(k)  Merger
Sub.................................................. Preamble  Multiemployer
Plan.......................................... 3.10(c)  Multiple Employer
Plan...................................... 3.10(c)  Net
Sales................................................... 2.03(k)  Net Sales
Contingent Payment................................ 2.03(a)  Net Sales
Contingent Payment Date........................... 2.03(d)  Net Sales
Resolution Period................................. 2.03(c)  Net Sales Review
Date....................................... 2.03(c)  Net Sales
Statement......................................... 2.03(c)  Non-Accelerated
Options..................................... 6.04(e) 
Order....................................................... 7.01(b)  Owned
Intellectual Property................................. 11.02(a) 
Parent...................................................... Preamble  Parent
Benefit Plan......................................... 6.04(b)  Parent
Disclosure Schedule.................................. Article IV  Parent
Indemnified Parties.................................. 9.02(a)  Parent
Material Adverse Effect.............................. 4.01  Parent
Subsidiaries......................................... 4.01  Paying
Agent................................................ 2.02(a)  Performance-
Based Option.................................... 2.04  Performance Bonus
Plan...................................... 6.04(d)  Performance Bonus
Remainder................................. 2.01(b)  Performance
Optionees....................................... 6.04(d)  Performance
Remainder Per Share Payment..................... 2.01(b) 
Person...................................................... 11.02(a)  Per
Share Merger Consideration.............................. 2.01(b)  Piper
Jaffray............................................... 3.18  Principal
Shareholders...................................... Recitals  Reference
Balance Sheet..................................... 3.07(a)  Registered
Proprietary Name................................. 11.02(a) 
Representatives............................................. 6.02(a)  Reiss
Bonus Plan ........................................... 6.04(c)  Sales
Commissions........................................... 6.04(c)  Second
Goodman Loan Agreement............................... 6.08(d)  Series A
Conversion Ratio................................... 2.01(b)  Series A Merger
Consideration............................... 2.01(b)  Series B Conversion
Ratio................................... 2.01(b)  Series B Merger
Consideration............................... 2.01(b)  Series C Conversion
Ratio................................... 2.01(b)  Series C Merger
Consideration............................... 2.01(b)  Series E Conversion
Ratio................................... 2.01(b)  Series E Merger
Consideration............................... 2.01(b)   64    Term
Section  ---- -------  Series F Conversion
Ratio................................... 2.01(b)  Series F Merger
Consideration............................... 2.01(b)  Series G Conversion
Ratio................................... 2.01(b)  Series G Merger
Consideration............................... 2.01(b)  Series H Conversion
Ratio................................... 2.01(b)  Series H Merger
Consideration............................... 2.01(b)  Shareholder Indemnified
Parties............................. 9.03(a)  Six-Month Contingent
Payment................................ 2.03(a)  Six-Month Net
Sales......................................... 2.03(k)  Six-Month Target
Amount..................................... 2.03(a) 
Software.................................................... 11.02(a) 
Subsequent Performance Bonus Remainder...................... 6.04(d) 
Subsequent Performance Plan Fund Amount..................... 6.04(d) 
Subsequent 280G Plan Fund Amount............................ 6.04(e) 
Subsequent 280G Remainder................................... 6.04(e) 
Subsidiary.................................................. 11.02(a) 
Surviving Corporation....................................... 1.01 
Taxes....................................................... 3.14(c) 
Terminating Company Breach.................................. 8.01(d) 
Terminating Parent Breach................................... 8.01(e) 
Termination Payment......................................... 2.03(g)  Third
Party Claims.......................................... 9.04(b)  Time-Vested
Stock Option.................................... 2.04 
Transactions................................................ 3.01(a)  Twelve-
Month Contingent Payment............................. 2.03(a)  Twelve-Month
Net Sales...................................... 2.03(k)  Twelve-Month Target
Amount.................................. 2.03(a)  280G Plan
.................................................. 6.04(e)  Unearned
Performance Stock Amount........................... 2.01(b)  Unregistered
Proprietary Name............................... 11.02(a)  Unresolved Net
Sales Items.................................. 2.03(c)  Voting
Agreement............................................ Recitals   SECTION
11.03. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public
policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect as long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected
in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that
any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify
this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely
as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement be consummated as originally
contemplated to the fullest extent possible.   SECTION 11.04. Assignment;
Binding Effect; Benefit. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the
parties   65   hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without
the prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the preceding
sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer on any person
other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any
rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this
Agreement; except to the Company Shareholders with respect to Articles II and
IX, the Performance Optionees with respect to Section 6.04(d), the holders of
Non-Accelerated Options, if any, pursuant to Section 6.04(e), and the Company
Indemnified Parties with respect to Section 6.09, which, in each case, shall
inure to the benefit of such parties and their respective successors and
assigns.   SECTION 11.05. Incorporation of Exhibits. The Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Parent Disclosure Schedule and all Exhibits attached hereto and
referred to herein are hereby incorporated herein and made a part hereof for
all purposes as if fully set forth herein.   SECTION 11.06. Specific
Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in
the event any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific
performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or in
equity.   SECTION 11.07. Governing Law; Forum. This Agreement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Delaware applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in that
state and without regard to any applicable conflicts of law. Each of the
parties hereto submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts of the United States located in the City of Wilmington, State of
Delaware with respect to any claim or cause of action arising out of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 11.08.
Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are included
for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.   SECTION 11.09. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission)
in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be
an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement.   SECTION 11.10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including
the Exhibits, the Company Disclosure Schedule and the Parent Disclosure
Schedule), the Voting Agreements, and the Confidentiality Agreement
constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the
parties with respect thereto.   66    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
Parent, Merger Sub, the Company and the Merger Committee has executed or has
caused this Agreement to be executed by its respective officers thereunto
duly authorized as of the date first written above.   BOSTON SCIENTIFIC
CORPORATION    By: /s/ James R. Tobin 
----------------------------------  Name: James R. Tobin  Title: President
and Chief  Executive Officer    CHARGER ACQUISITION CORP.    By: /s/
Lawrence J. Knopf  ----------------------------------  Name: Lawrence J.
Knopf  Title: Vice President, Legal    INTERVENTIONAL TECHNOLOGIES
INC.    By: /s/ Robert E. Reiss  ---------------------------------- 
Name: Robert E. Reiss  Title: Chairman    MERGER COMMITTEE  (For the
purposes of Section 2.03,  Article IX and Article XI only)   /s/ Robert E.
Reiss  --------------------------------------  Robert E. Reiss    /s/
Howard Palefsky  --------------------------------------  Howard
Palefsky    /s/ Douglas Rimer  -------------------------------------- 
Douglas Rimer    67   '

