 EXHIBIT 2.1.(A)    1   EXHIBIT
2.1(a)       STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   DATED AS OF JULY 7, 2000  
BY AND AMONG   ASTROTERRA CORPORATION,   THOSE SHAREHOLDERS  OF 
ASTROTERRA CORPORATION  SET FORTH IN EXHIBIT "A" TO THIS AGREEMENT  
AND   MRV COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    2     STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT  
This is a Stock Purchase Agreement (this "AGREEMENT"), dated as of July 7,
2000, among those Shareholders of Astroterra Corporation, who are
signatures to this Agreement and who are identified on Exhibit "A" hereto
(each a "SELLER" and together the "SELLERS"), MRV Communications, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("BUYER") and Astroterra Corporation, a California
corporation (the "COMPANY").   RECITALS   Sellers own those shares of the
capital stock of the Company set forth opposite such Sellers\' name in
Exhibit "A" hereto, all of which shares are being sold to the Buyer hereby
(the "SHARES").   Sellers desire to sell to Buyer all of said Shares. Buyer
desires to purchase the Shares from Sellers.   Sellers, Buyer and the
Company agree as follows:   ARTICLE I.  THE SALE AND PURCHASE
TRANSACTION   1.1. SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES. At the Closing, Sellers
shall sell to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Sellers, the Shares, free
and clear of all Encumbrances. This sale and purchase transaction is subject
to the conditions set forth in Article II.   1.2. PURCHASE PRICE. The
purchase price for the Shares shall be shares of the common stock of Buyer
(the "MRV Common Stock"). Each Share held by Seller shall be exchanged for
0.1507936 shares of MRV Common Stock (assuming 10,526,316 shares of common
stock of the Company are outstanding on the date of this Agreement); the
total number of shares of MRV Common Stock shall be rounded to the next
higher whole number. The purchase price may be subject to adjustment further
to the Purchase Price Adjustment referenced in Section 1.4. The
parties understand and agree that other shareholders of the Company may
become parties to this Agreement and agree to sell their shares of common
stock of the Company to the Buyer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
Each of such other shareholders shall be deemed a "Seller" as defined and
subject to the terms of this Agreement, each share of common stock of the
Company sold by them hereunder shall be deemed a "Share" as defined and
subject to the terms of this Agreement and each share of the Common Stock of
the Buyer issued to such other shareholders shall be deemed "MRV Common
Stock" as defined and subject to the terms of this Agreement. No consent or
approval by any of the Sellers or the Company shall be required to amend this
Agreement to add such other shareholders as additional "Sellers;" the
execution by such other shareholders of a signature page to this Agreement
and acknowledgement thereof by the Buyer shall be sufficient. The maximum
number of shares of MRV Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Section 1.2
shall be 1,587,302, assuming all shareholders of the Company become Sellers
and all outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company are purchased
by Buyer.    2  3   1.3. PAYMENT. Buyer shall deliver a certificate or
certificates evidencing the MRV Common Stock to Sellers at the Closing. Buyer
shall issue and deliver to each Seller a certificate or certificates
representing that number of shares of MRV Common Stock set forth opposite
such Seller\'s name in Exhibit A hereto.   1.4. PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT.
The Purchase Price shall be adjusted after the Closing as follows (the
"PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT"): If at the effective date of the registration
statement covering the MRV Common Stock (the "Effective Date"), the Fair
Market Value per share of MRV Common Stock is less than sixty-three dollars
($63.00) per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends
and recapitalizations) then an additional number of shares of MRV Common
Stock will be issued to Sellers (the "Additional Shares"). The aggregate
number of Additional Shares shall be equal to the quotient of sixty-three
(63.00) divided by the Fair Market Value per share of MRV Common Stock as
determined on the Effective Date, multiplied by the MRV Common Stock minus
the MRV Common Stock. However, under no circumstances shall the number
of Additional Shares exceed 30.15873% of the total number of Shares purchased
by the Buyer hereby rounded to the next highest whole number; thus, if
all outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company are purchased by
Buyer, the maximum number of Additional Shares issuable pursuant to this
Section 1.4 shall be 3,174,604. Each Seller shall be issued that number of
Additional Shares equal to the quotient of the number of shares of MRV Common
Stock issued to such Seller divided by the aggregate number of shares of MRV
Common Stock issued to all Sellers multiplied by the Additional Shares,
rounded to the next highest whole number of shares. If for whatever reason
the total number of Additional Shares issuable as calculated in accordance
with the prior sentence exceeds the maximum number of Additional Shares
issuable pursuant to this Section 1.4, then the total number of Additional
Shares issuable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be proportionately
reduced. For purposes of this Section, the Fair Market Value per share of MRV
Common Stock shall equal the average of the closing sales price of the
Company\'s Common Stock as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market for the ten
(10) trading days immediately preceding the Effective Date.   1.5. OPTION
ISSUANCE. At least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall
deliver to the Buyer a list (the "Option List") of employees entitled to be
issued stock options to the Buyer. On the Closing Date, the Buyer shall issue
to those employees set forth on the Option List (as defined below) who remain
as employees of the Company as of the Closing Date, stock options to purchase
shares of the common stock of the Buyer. Such stock options will be issued
pursuant to Buyer\'s existing employee stock option plan and will be subject
to the terms of the plan, subject to the vesting provisions set forth herein.
The aggregate number of stock options to be issued shall be equal to
the quotient determined by dividing 50,000,000 by the sum of the Fair Market
Value per share of MRV Common Stock minus the per share option exercise price
of the stock options so granted. The Fair Market Value per share of MRV
Common Stock shall equal the average of the closing sales price of the
Company\'s Common Stock as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market for the ten
(10) trading days immediately preceding the Closing Date. Each of the options
set forth on the Option List shall vest over a four year period commencing on
the Closing Date, 25% of such options vesting twelve (12) months after the
Closing Date and 2.08333% of such options vesting at the end of each month
commencing at the end of the thirteenth month after the Closing Date.   
3  4   ARTICLE II.  CLOSING; CONDITIONS TO CLOSING; TERMINATION   2.1.
CLOSING. The parties shall consummate the purchase and sale of the Shares
(the "CLOSING") at 10:00 A.M., local time, on the later of (such later date,
the "CLOSING DATE"): (i) July 24, 2000, and (ii) the date which is five (5)
business days after satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections
2.2 and 2.3 below. The Closing shall occur at the offices of Kirkpatrick and
Lockhart, 9100 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 8E, Beverly Hills, CA 90212. The Closing
may occur at such other date, time and place as Buyer and Seller may agree.
The rights and obligations of the parties if there is no Closing are set
forth in Section 2.5.   2.2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATION OF BUYER.
The obligation of Buyer to proceed with the Closing is subject to the
fulfillment prior to or at Closing of the conditions set forth in this
Section. Any one or more of these conditions may be waived in whole, or in
part, by Buyer at Buyer\'s sole option.   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of Sellers and the Company
contained in Articles IV and V shall be accurate and complete, individually
and collectively, in all material respects (i) as of the date of this
Agreement and (ii) as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date.
"Materiality" qualifiers contained in Articles IV and V shall be disregarded
in determining if those representations and warranties are, collectively,
accurate and complete in all material respects. The Company and Sellers shall
have delivered to Buyer within seven (7) days of the date of this Agreement
all Exception Schedules to Articles IV and V and those Financial Statements
referenced in Section 4.6(b) and Buyer shall be satisfied as to the content
of such Exception Schedules and Financial Statements.   (b) AGREEMENTS. Each
of the Sellers and the Company shall have performed all of the agreements and
complied with all of the provisions required by this Agreement to be
performed or complied with by such party at or before the Closing Date.  
(c) LITIGATION. No Legal Requirement shall be in effect that prohibits or
threatens to prohibit the Contemplated Transactions or that would limit
or adversely affect Buyer\'s ownership of the Shares or control of the
Company, the Subsidiaries or the Business. No Legal Proceeding shall be
pending or threatened challenging the lawfulness of the Contemplated
Transactions, seeking to prevent or delay any of the Contemplated
Transactions or seeking relief by reason of the Contemplated Transactions.
None of the Sellers, the Company, any Subsidiary or Buyer shall have received
any claim by any Person (written or oral) asserting that any Person other
than Sellers (i) is the holder or beneficial owner of, or has the right to
acquire or obtain beneficial ownership of, the Shares or any equity interest
or right in the Company or the Subsidiaries, (ii) has any Encumbrance on or
Security Rights in the Shares, or (iii) is entitled to all or any portion of
the Purchase Price.   (d) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. Between the date of
this Agreement and the Closing Date, there shall have been no material
adverse change, regardless of insurance coverage, in the Business or any of
the assets, results of operations, Liabilities, prospects or condition,
financial or otherwise, of the Company or the Subsidiaries.   4  5   (e)
CLOSING CERTIFICATE. The Company and the Significant Sellers (as that term is
defined herein) shall have delivered a certificate, dated as of the Closing
Date, in a form satisfactory to Buyer certifying to the fulfillment of the
conditions set forth in subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this
Section 2.2. The contents of that certificate shall constitute a
representation and warranty of the Significant Sellers and the Company as of
the Closing Date and shall be deemed relied upon by Buyer and fully
incorporated in this Agreement.   (f) REQUIRED AUTHORIZATIONS. The Company
and each party to this Agreement shall have received all Required
Authorizations under any applicable Legal Requirement necessary to consummate
the Contemplated Transactions. Without limiting the foregoing, the waiting
period under the HSR Act with respect to the Contemplated Transactions shall
have expired or earlier terminated. The Company shall also have received all
Required Authorizations identified on Schedule 4.3.   (g) DUE DILIGENCE.
Buyer shall have completed to its satisfaction its business and legal due
diligence investigation of the Company, its property and Business. Without
limiting the foregoing, Buyer shall have the opportunity to confirm that
there are no Regulated Materials present at any Facility in violation of any
Environmental Law or that may require Remedial Action.   (h) CLOSING
DOCUMENTS. Buyer shall also have received the other documents referred to in
Section 2.4(a). All certificates, opinions and other documents delivered by
Sellers or the Company to Buyer under this Agreement shall be satisfactory to
Buyer in form and substance.   (i) EMPLOYEES. All key employees of Company
identified by Buyer prior to the Closing Date shall continue to be employees
of the Company as of the Closing Date.   (j) OPTIONS AND WARRANTS. Prior to
the Closing Date, the Board of Directors of the Company shall adopt
appropriate resolutions and take all other actions necessary to provide that
each outstanding option, warrant and convertible security of the Company,
whether or not then vested or exercisable, shall, at or immediately prior to
the Closing Date, be cancelled. The Company shall have made available to the
Buyer for inspection the Option List prior to the Closing Date and Buyer
shall have approved the Option issuances on said Option List.   2.3.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATION OF SELLERS. The obligation of Sellers to
proceed with the Closing is subject to the fulfillment prior to or at Closing
of the conditions set forth in this Section. Any one or more of
these conditions may be waived, in whole or in part, by a majority in
interest of the Sellers.   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The
representations and warranties of Buyer contained in Article VI shall be
accurate and complete, individually and collectively, in all material
respects (i) as of the date of this Agreement and (ii) as of the Closing Date
as if made on the Closing Date. "Materiality" qualifiers contained in Article
VI shall be disregarded in determining if those representations and
warranties are, collectively, accurate and complete in all material
respects.   5  6   (b) AGREEMENTS. Buyer shall have performed all of the
agreements and complied with all of the provisions required by this Agreement
to be performed or complied with by it at or before the Closing Date.   (c)
LITIGATION. No Legal Requirement shall be in effect that prohibits or
threatens to prohibit the Contemplated Transactions. No Legal
Proceeding shall be pending or threatened challenging the lawfulness of the
Contemplated Transactions, seeking to prevent or delay any of the
Contemplated Transactions or seeking relief by reason of the Contemplated
Transactions.   (d) CLOSING CERTIFICATE. Buyer shall have delivered a
certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory
to Seller certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in
subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 2.3. The contents of that
certificate shall constitute a representation and warranty of Buyer as of the
Closing Date and shall be deemed fully incorporated in this Agreement.  
(e) REQUIRED AUTHORIZATIONS. The Company and each party to this Agreement
shall have received all Required Authorizations under any applicable Legal
Requirement necessary to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.
Without limiting the foregoing, the waiting period under the HSR Act with
respect to the Contemplated Transactions shall have expired or earlier
terminated and the MRV Common Stock shall have been approved for listing upon
notice of issuance by the Nasdaq National Market. The Company will use its
best efforts to cause any Additional Shares to be similarly approved.   (f)
CLOSING DOCUMENTS. Sellers shall also have received the documents referred to
in Section 2.4(b). All certificates, opinions and other documents delivered
by Buyer to Seller under this Agreement shall be satisfactory to Seller in
form and substance.   (g) OPTIONS. The Buyer shall have issued the Options
set forth on the Option List as of the Closing Date.   2.4. DELIVERIES AND
PROCEEDINGS AT CLOSING.   (a) DELIVERIES BY SELLERS. Sellers shall deliver
to Buyer at the Closing:   (i) Certificates representing the Shares, free
of all Encumbrances, duly endorsed in negotiable form or accompanied by stock
powers duly executed in blank and with all transfer taxes, if any, paid in
full.   (ii) Certificates of the appropriate public officials dated not
more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date to the effect that the
Company and each Subsidiary is a validly existing corporation in good
standing in its state of incorporation.   (iii) Incumbency and specimen
signature certificates dated the Closing Date, signed by the officers of the
Company and certified by its Secretary.   (iv) Correct and complete copies
of (A) the Governing Documents (other than the bylaws) of the Company and
each Subsidiary as of a date not more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing
Date, certified by the Secretaries of State of their respective states of
incorporation, and   6  7  (B) the bylaws of the Company and each
Subsidiary as of the Closing Date, certified by their respective
Secretaries.   (v) Certificates of the Secretary of the Company (A) setting
forth all resolutions of the Boards of Directors of the Company, authorizing
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by Sellers
and the Company of the Contemplated Transactions, and (B) stating that the
Governing Documents of the Company, delivered under Section 2.4(a)(iv) were
in effect on the date of adoption of those resolutions, the date of execution
of this Agreement and the Closing Date.   (vi) General releases by all
officers and directors of the Company and by each Subsidiary and by
Significant Sellers of all Liability of the Company or any Subsidiary to them
and of any claim that they, or any of them, may have against the Company or
any Subsidiary.   (vii) The minute books, stock certificate book and
transfer ledgers and corporate seal of the Company and the Subsidiaries.  
(viii) The opinion of Donald J. Schiffer, Esq., legal counsel to Sellers and
the Company, in form satisfactory to Buyer.   (ix) Resignations of the
directors of the Company and of each Subsidiary and resignations of all
authorized signatories to all of the bank and other depository and investment
accounts of the Company and each Subsidiary, effective as of the Closing
Date.   (x) The Option List.   (xi) Such other agreements and documents as
Buyer may reasonably request.   (b) DELIVERIES BY BUYER. Buyer shall
deliver or cause to be delivered to Sellers at the Closing:   (i) Buyer
shall issue and deliver to each Seller a certificate or certificates
representing that number of shares of MRV Common Stock set forth opposite
such Seller\'s name in Exhibit A hereto.   (ii) Stock option agreements in
the name of each employee set forth on the Option List who remains as an
employee of the Company as of the Closing Date and representing options to
purchase that number of shares of the Common Stock of Buyer set forth
opposite such employee\'s name on said Option List.   (iii) A certificate of
the appropriate public official dated not more than 10 days prior to the
Closing Date to the effect that Buyer is a validly existing corporation in
its state of incorporation.   (iv) Incumbency and specimen signature
certificates signed by the officers of Buyer and certified by the Secretary
of Buyer.   7  8   (v) Correct and complete copies of (A) the Governing
Documents (other than the bylaws) of Buyer as of a date not more than 10 days
prior to the Closing Date, certified by the Secretary of State of the state
of Buyer\'s incorporation and (B) the bylaws of Buyer as of the Closing Date,
certified by the Secretary of Buyer.   (vi) A certificate of the Secretary
of Buyer (A) setting forth all resolutions of the Board of Directors of Buyer
authorizing the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance
by Buyer of the Contemplated Transactions, certified by the Secretary of
Buyer, and (B) stating that the Governing Documents of Buyer delivered under
Section 2.4(b)(iv) were in effect on the date of adoption of those
resolutions, the date of execution of this Agreement and the Closing
Date.   (vii) The opinion of Kirkpatrick and Lockhart LLP, Buyer\'s
legal counsel, in form reasonably satisfactory to Sellers.   2.5.
TERMINATION PRIOR TO CLOSING.   (a) EVENTS OF TERMINATION. This Agreement
may be terminated in writing at any time prior to the Closing by: (i) the
mutual consent of Buyer, a majority in interest of the Sellers and the
Company; (ii) Buyer, if any of the conditions specified in Section 2.2 shall
not have been fulfilled (or if satisfaction becomes impossible) on or before
September 30, 2000 and shall not have been waived by Buyer; (iii) by a
majority in interest of the Sellers, if any of the conditions specified in
Section 2.3 shall not have been fulfilled (or if satisfaction becomes
impossible) on or before September 30, 2000 and shall not have been waived by
a majority in interest of the Sellers; (iv) by Buyer, if a material breach of
any provision of this Agreement has been committed by Sellers or the Company
including but not limited to the failure by Sellers or the Company to deliver
the Disclosure Schedules and Financial Statements as described and in the
time provided for under Section 2.2(a) and such breach has not been cured or
waived by Buyer; and (v) by a majority in interest of the Sellers, if a
material breach of any provision of this Agreement has been committed by
Buyer and such breach has not been cured or waived by a majority in interest
of the Sellers.   (b) CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION. If this Agreement is
terminated by mutual consent of the parties, no party shall have any
obligation to any other party as a result of that termination. If any party
terminates this Agreement for any reason other than as described in Section
2.5(a), Buyer, on the one hand, and a majority in interest of the Sellers and
the Company, on the other hand, shall be liable to the other for any material
breach of this Agreement by such party which breach led to such termination.
Each party shall also be entitled to any other remedy to which it may be
entitled at law or in equity, including injunctive relief and specific
performance, in the event of a termination of this Agreement. If the Closing
does not occur on or before September 30, 2000, and neither party\'s material
breach of this Agreement was the cause of the failure to Close by that date,
then no party shall have any liability to any other party under this
Agreement, and this Agreement shall terminate. All rights and obligations of
the parties set forth in Sections 3.3, 3.4, 6.2, 6.3 and 8.1 shall survive
termination of this Agreement.   2.6. FULFILLMENT OF CONDITIONS AND
AGREEMENTS PRIOR TO CLOSING; REQUIRED AUTHORIZATIONS. Each party shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy all of those   8 
9  conditions to the obligations of the other under this Article II that are
not beyond its reasonable control on or prior to December 31, 2000. Each
party shall cooperate with the others and use commercially reasonable efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, all action and do, or cause to be done, all
things necessary, proper or advisable, including making or obtaining any and
all Required Authorizations, to consummate and make effective the
Contemplated Transactions. Promptly after the date hereof, Buyer and the
Seller shall file the required notifications with the Federal Trade
Commission ("FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice
("Department") pursuant to and in compliance with the HSR Act. The parties
hereto shall not intentionally or negligently delay submission of information
request by FTC and Department under the HSR Act and shall use their
respective best efforts promptly to supply, or cause to be supplied, such
information and shall request early termination of the applicable waiting
period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer shall not be required to take
any action to comply with any Legal Requirement or agree to the imposition of
any Order that would (i) prohibit or restrict the ownership or operation by
Buyer of any portion of the Business or assets of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, (ii) compel Buyer, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
to dispose of or hold separate any portion of its assets or the Business, or
(iii) impose any limitation on the ability of the Company or the Subsidiaries
to own or operate the Business. Except as provided in Section 2.5(c), any
breach or inaccuracy of any representation and warranty, or breach or
nonperformance of any covenant or agreement, made by any party in this
Agreement shall be deemed not beyond such party\'s commercially reasonable
efforts.   ARTICLE III.  CERTAIN COVENANTS   3.1. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
PENDING THE CLOSING. Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date,
unless Buyer otherwise consents in writing, the Company and each Subsidiary
shall, and Seller shall cause the Company and each Subsidiary to, conduct the
affairs of the Company and the Subsidiaries as follows:   (a) ORDINARY
COURSE; COMPLIANCE. The Business shall be conducted only in the ordinary
course and consistent with past practice. The Company and each Subsidiary
shall maintain their property, equipment and other assets consistent with
past practice and shall comply in a timely fashion with the provisions of all
Contracts, Governmental Approvals and Legal Requirements. The Company
and each Subsidiary shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep their
business organizations intact, keep available the services of their present
employees and preserve the goodwill of their suppliers, customers and others
having business relations with them. The Company and the Subsidiaries shall
maintain in full force and effect the policies of insurance disclosed on
Schedule 4.20, subject only to variations required by the ordinary operations
of the Business. In the alternative, the Company and the Subsidiaries shall
obtain prior to the lapse of any such policy substantially similar coverage
with insurers of recognized standing.   (b) TRANSACTIONS. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary shall: (i) amend its Governing Documents; (ii)
change its authorized or issued capital stock or issue any securities or
Security Rights with respect to its capital stock; (iii) enter into any
Contract the performance of which may extend beyond the Closing, except in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (iv) enter
into any employment or consulting Contract that is not terminable at will  
9  10  and without penalty or continuing obligation; (v) fail to pay any
Tax or any other Liability or charge when due, other than charges contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and brought to the attention of
Buyer; (vi) make, change or revoke any Tax election or make any agreement or
settlement with any Taxing authority; (vii) take any action or omit to take
any action that will cause a breach or termination of any Contract or
Governmental Approval, other than termination by fulfillment of its terms in
the ordinary course of business; or (viii) take any action that is likely to
result in the occurrence of any event described in Section 4.8 or cause the
breach or inaccuracy of any other representation and warranty in Articles IV
and V as of the date of this Agreement or on the Closing Date.   (c)
ACCESS, INFORMATION AND DOCUMENTS. Seller and the Company shall give to Buyer
and to Buyer\'s employees and representatives (including
accountants, actuaries, attorneys, environmental consultants and engineers)
access during normal business hours to all of the properties, books, Tax
Returns, Contracts, commitments, records, officers, other personnel and
accountants (including independent public accountants and their audit
workpapers concerning the Company and the Subsidiaries) of the Company and
the Subsidiaries. Seller and the Company shall furnish to Buyer all such
documents and copies of documents and all information with respect to the
properties, Liabilities and affairs of the Company and the Subsidiaries as
Buyer may reasonably request.   3.2. CERTAIN TAX MATTERS.   (a)
CARRYBACKS. If the Company is or the Subsidiaries are required to carry back
any item of loss, deduction or credit that arises in any taxable period
ending after the Closing Date to a Tax Return of Seller for any
taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date, then Buyer or the
Company and the Subsidiaries, as the case may be, shall be entitled to an
amount equal to the refund or credit of Taxes realized as a result of that
carry back. Payment of that amount shall be made promptly after it is
determined.   (b) MUTUAL COOPERATION. Buyer and Sellers shall each assist
the other, and Buyer shall cause the Company to assist Sellers, as may
reasonably be requested by any of them, with the preparation of any Tax
Return, any Tax audit, or any judicial or administrative proceedings relating
to any Tax. In addition, each party shall retain and provide the other with
any records or information that may be relevant to such Tax Return, Tax
audit, proceeding or determination. The party requesting assistance under
this Section shall reimburse the party providing assistance for direct
expenses incurred in providing such assistance.   3.3. PUBLICITY. None of
the Sellers or the Company shall issue any press release or otherwise make
any announcements to the public or the employees of the Company or any
Subsidiary regarding this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions without
the prior written consent of Buyer, except as required by any applicable
Legal Requirements. Unless required by applicable Legal Requirements, each of
the Sellers shall, and shall cause the Company and the Subsidiaries to, keep
this Agreement, its contents strictly confidential. Each of the Sellers and
the Company, on the one hand, and the Buyer, on the other hand, shall consult
concerning the means by which the employees, customers, and suppliers and
others having dealings with the Company and the Subsidiaries shall be
informed of the Contemplated Transactions, and Buyer   10  11  shall have
the right to be present for and to speak at information meetings with the
employees of the Company and the Subsidiaries.   3.4. CONFIDENTIALITY. From
and after the date hereof, each party shall maintain in confidence, and each
party shall cause its agents, representatives and Affiliates to maintain in
confidence, and no party shall use to the detriment or competitive
disadvantage of another party or Affiliate, any information obtained in
confidence from another party in connection with this Agreement or the
Contemplated Transactions. The foregoing covenants shall not apply (i) with
respect to information that is already known to a party or to others not
bound by a duty of confidentiality or such information that becomes publicly
available through no fault of such party, (ii) to the extent necessary or
appropriate in making any filing or obtaining any consent or
approval required for the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions. If
the Contemplated Transactions are not consummated, each party shall return
or destroy as much of confidential information received from the other as the
other party may reasonably request. Each of the Sellers, for itself and
its Affiliates, waives any cause of action, right or claim arising out of the
access of Buyer and its representatives to any trade secrets or other
confidential information of the Company and the Subsidiaries except for the
intentional competitive misuse by Buyer of such trade secrets or confidential
information.   3.5. NOTIFICATION; RELATED PARTY DEBTS. Between the date of
this Agreement and the Closing Date, each of the Sellers and the Company
shall promptly notify Buyer in writing if any of the Sellers or the Company
becomes aware of any fact or condition that causes or constitutes, or would
cause or constitute, a breach of any of representations and warranties
contained in Article IV and V . Each of the Sellers shall cause all
Liabilities owed by it or any Related Party to the Company or the
Subsidiaries to be paid in full to the Company and the Subsidiaries prior to
the Closing.   3.6. EXCLUSIVITY. Until Closing or such time as this
Agreement is terminated, none of the Sellers or the Company or its
Subsidiaries and their representatives shall, directly or indirectly solicit,
initiate, or encourage any inquiries or proposals from, discuss or negotiate
with, provide any non-public information to, or consider the merits of any
inquiries or proposals from any Person (other than Buyer) relating to any
transaction involving the sale of the Business or the Company and the
Subsidiaries, or any of the capital stock of the Company or the Subsidiaries,
or any merger, consolidation, business combination, or similar transaction
involving the Company or the Subsidiaries.   ARTICLE IV.  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES  OF SIGNIFICANT SELLERS AND THE COMPANY   It is acknowledged
and agreed that each of Eric Korevaar, C.S. Liu and Shiow-Hwa Lin shall be
known as a "SIGNIFICANT SELLER". Each Significant Seller and the Company
jointly and severally represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:   4.1.
ORGANIZATION; QUALIFICATION. The Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation. The Company has the corporate power and authority to operate,
own and lease its properties and   11  12  carry on its business as now
conducted. The Company has the absolute and unrestricted power, authority and
capacity to enter into this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which it is
or is to become a party and perform its obligations under this Agreement and
such Other Agreements. The Company is duly qualified and in good standing as
a foreign corporation and is duly authorized to transact business in each
jurisdiction where the properties owned or leased by it or the nature of the
activities conducted by it make such qualification and good standing
necessary. Copies of the Governing Documents of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, which have been delivered to Buyer, are complete
and correct.   4.2. AUTHORIZATION; ENFORCEABILITY. This Agreement and each
Other Agreement to which each Significant Seller or the Company is a party
have been duly executed and delivered by such party and constitute the legal,
valid and binding obligations of such party, enforceable against it in
accordance with their respective terms. Each Other Agreement to which either
each Significant Seller or the Company is to become a party, when executed
and delivered by such party, shall constitute the legal, valid and binding
obligation of such party, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms
of such Other Agreement. Each Significant Seller and the Company has duly and
validly authorized this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which it is or
is to become a party and all of the Contemplated Transactions to be taken by
it.   4.3. NO VIOLATION OF LAWS OR AGREEMENTS; REQUIRED AUTHORIZATIONS.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Other Agreements and
the consummation and compliance with the Contemplated Transactions by
each Significant Seller and the Company shall not, except as otherwise
disclosed in Schedule 4.3, directly or indirectly (with or without notice or
the lapse of time or both):   (i) contravene, conflict with, or result in a
violation of any provision of the Governing Documents of the Company or any
Subsidiary or the resolutions adopted by the Board or Directors or
stockholders of the Company;   (ii) contravene, conflict with, result in a
breach of, constitute a default or an event of default under, give any person
the right to consent, approve or terminate (including the right to consent,
approve or terminate upon a change of control or deemed assignment), or give
to any Person the right to cause any of the foregoing with respect to, any
asset or Liability of any Significant Seller, the Company or any Subsidiary,
including any Contract, Governmental Approval or Intellectual Property
right;   (iii) accelerate, alter, cause the maturation of or create any
of any Liability of any Significant Seller, the Company or any Subsidiary or
give to any other Person the right to cause any of the foregoing, or give any
Person any rights or remedies against any Significant Seller, the Company or
any Subsidiary;   (iv) alter, diminish or result in the termination,
revocation, suspension, cancellation, withdrawal or loss of any asset of any
Significant Seller, the Company or any Subsidiary, or create any rights or
assets in any other Person that may be adverse to the Company or any
Subsidiary;   12  13   (v) violate, or give any Person the right to
obtain any relief or exercise any remedy under, any Legal Requirement to
which Significant Seller, the Company or any Subsidiary is subject, or by
which any of their respective assets may be bound or affected, or give any
Person the right to challenge any of the Contemplated Transactions;   (vi)
cause Buyer, the Company or any Subsidiary to become subject to or liable for
any Tax or cause any asset of the Company or any Subsidiary to be reassessed
or re-valued by any taxing authority or other Governmental Body; or   (vii)
result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance or Security Right
upon the Shares, equity or asset of any Significant Seller, the Company or
any Subsidiary, trigger any rights or Liabilities under any Security Rights
in the Shares or other equity in the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to
any other Person any interest or right in any Shares, equity or asset of
any Significant Seller, the Company or any Subsidiary.  Except as disclosed
on Schedule 4.3, no Significant Seller, the Company nor any Subsidiary is
required to make, give or obtain any Required Authorizations in connection
with the execution, delivery or performance by any Significant Seller or the
Company of this Agreement or any Other Agreement or the consummation by any
Significant Seller or the Company of the Contemplated Transactions.   4.4.
SHARES; CAPITALIZATION. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists
solely of 20,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share, of which
10,526,316 shares are issued and outstanding. All of the Shares are owned of
record, legally, beneficially and exclusively by Sellers. Sellers hold
the exclusive right and power to vote the Shares. The Shares are free and
clear of any and all Encumbrances. No legend or other reference to any
purported Encumbrance appears upon any certificate representing the Shares.
Upon delivery of the Shares under this Agreement, Buyer will acquire good and
valid legal and exclusive title to the Shares, free and clear of any
Encumbrances. No Security Rights relating to any of the Shares or other
equity interests of the Company exist or are reserved or will be created by
reason of the Contemplated Transactions. No Person has an obligation to
create or issue any Security Rights with respect to the Shares or other
equity of the Company. The Shares are validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable. The Shares were issued in compliance with all applicable Legal
Requirements, including federal and state securities laws, and all applicable
Security Rights and Contracts.   4.5. SUBSIDIARIES AND INVESTMENTS. Except
as disclosed in Schedule 4.5, the Company does not own, nor has it ever
owned, any equity interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture or other entity. Schedule 4.5 discloses the name,
jurisdiction of incorporation and number of authorized and outstanding equity
interests of each Subsidiary. Schedule 4.5 also discloses the holders of all
equity interests of each Subsidiary and the number and percentage of
outstanding equity interests of each Subsidiary owned of record and, if
different, beneficially by the Company, any Seller and any other Person. All
of the outstanding equity interests of each Subsidiary are validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and were issued in compliance with all
applicable Legal Requirements, including federal and state securities laws,
and all applicable Security Rights and Contracts. No Security Rights relating
to any shares or other equity interests of any Subsidiary exist or are
reserved or will be created by   13  14  reason of the Contemplated
Transactions. No Person has any obligation to create or issue any Security
Rights with respect to any equity of any Subsidiary. The Company and the
Subsidiaries have record, legal, beneficial and exclusive title to the equity
interests disclosed on Schedule 4.5 as being owned by them, free and clear of
all Encumbrances. No legend or other reference to any purported Encumbrance
appears upon any certificate representing equity securities of
any Subsidiary. The Company or its Subsidiaries have all rights and powers to
vote the equity interests of the Subsidiaries disclosed on Schedule 4.5 as
being owned by each of them. Each Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of organization. Each Subsidiary has the corporate power and authority to own
or lease its properties and to carry on the Business as now conducted.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to any Contract to acquire
any equity or other securities of any other Person or ownership interest in
any other business.   4.6. RECORDS; FINANCIAL INFORMATION.   (a) RECORDS.
The books of account and related records of the Company reflect accurately
and in detail its assets, Liabilities, revenues, expenses and other
transactions. The books of account of the Company have been maintained
in accordance with sound business practices and the requirements of
Section 13(b)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether
or not the Company is subject to that Section), including the maintenance of
adequate internal controls. The minute books of the Company contain accurate
and complete records of all meetings held of, and corporate action taken by,
the stockholders, the Board of Directors of the Company, and committees of
the Board of Directors of the Company. No meeting of stockholders, the Board
of Directors of the Company, and committees of the Board of Directors of the
Company has been held for which minutes have not been prepared and are not
contained in the minute books of the Company. All minute books of the Company
have been made available to Buyer and, at Closing, will be in the possession
of the Company.   (b) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Attached as Exhibit B are the
audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheets, income statements and
statements of cash flows for the Company at December 31, 1999, and for the
year then ended, together with the report thereon of Carter, Polito and Muscio,
and the unaudited interim consolidated and consolidating balance sheets,
income statements and statements of cash flows for the Company at December
31, 1998, as reviewed by Carter, Polito and Muscio, March 31, 2000, and for the
periods then ended (collectively, the "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS"). The Financial
Statements (i) are accurate, correct and complete in accordance with the
books of account and records of the Company, (ii) have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP on a consistent basis throughout the indicated periods,
except that the interim financial statements contain no footnotes (that, if
presented, would not materially differ from those included in the Balance
Sheet, as that term is defined below) or year-end adjustments (the effect of
which will not, individually or in the aggregate, be materially adverse), and
(iii) present fairly the consolidated financial condition, assets and
Liabilities and results of operation of the Company at the dates and for the
relevant periods indicated in accordance with GAAP on a basis consistently
applied. The Closing Balance Sheet, when delivered, shall (A) be accurate,
correct and complete in accordance with the books of account and records of
the Company and (B) fairly present the consolidated financial condition,
assets and Liabilities of the Company as of the Closing Date in accordance
with GAAP on a basis consistently applied. No financial statements of any
Person other than the Company are required   14  15  under GAAP to be
included in the Financial Statements. All references in this Agreement to
"BALANCE SHEET DATE" mean March 31, 2000, and to the "BALANCE SHEET" mean the
Company\'s balance sheet dated March 31, 2000, attached as Exhibit B.  
4.7. UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. The Company has no Liabilities except:
(i) those reflected or reserved against on the Balance Sheet in the
amounts identified on the Balance Sheet and those disclosed in the footnotes
to the Financial Statements; (ii) those not required under GAAP to be
reflected or reserved against in the Balance Sheet that are expressly
quantified and set forth in the Contracts and Governmental Approvals (other
than for breach or non-performance); (iii) those disclosed on Schedule 4.7;
and (iv) those of the same nature as those set forth on the Balance Sheet
that have arisen in the ordinary course of business of the Company after the
Balance Sheet Date, none of which is materially different in amount than
recent past experience ("POST-BALANCE SHEET LIABILITIES"). All Post-Balance
Sheet Liabilities are consistent in amount and character with past practice
and experience. No Post-Balance Sheet Liability has had or will have an
adverse effect on the Business, financial condition or prospects of the
Company. No Post-Balance Sheet Liability is a result of a breach of contract
or warranty, a tort or infringement, or violation of any property rights or
Legal Requirements.   4.8. NO CHANGES. Since the Balance Sheet Date, the
Company has conducted the Business only in the ordinary course, consistent
with past practice. During the past 12 months, except as expressly disclosed
on the Schedules attached to this Agreement, there has been no:   (i)
adverse change in the financial condition, assets, Liabilities, net worth,
earning power, Business or prospects of the Company or circumstances that may
result in any such change;   (ii) damage or destruction to any asset of the
Company, whether or not covered by insurance (other than inventory and supply
damage offset by freight claims against common carriers);   (iii) strike or
other labor trouble at the Company;   (iv) declaration or payment of any
dividend, other distribution, redemption or purchase on or with respect to
any shares of capital stock of the Company, or creation or cancellation of
any Security Rights with respect to the Company\'s capital stock;   (v)
Material increase in the salary, wage or bonus of any employee of the
Company, or payment of any bonuses to any employee of the Company;   (vi)
asset acquisition or expenditure, including capital expenditure, in excess of
$50,000 in the aggregate, other than the purchase of inventory in the
ordinary course of business;   (vii) change in any Governing Document of the
Company or in any Company Plan;   (viii) change in any method of
accounting;   15  16   (ix) payment to or transaction with any Related
Party, which payment or transaction is not specifically disclosed on Schedule
4.18;   (x) disposition of any asset (other than inventory in the
ordinary course of business) for more than $50,000 in the aggregate or for
less than fair market value;   (xi) payment, prepayment or discharge of any
Liability other than in the ordinary course of business, or any failure to
pay any Liability when due;   (xii) write-offs or write-downs of any assets
of the Company in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate;   (xiii) termination
or amendment of, or waiver of any right under, any Contract; or   (xiv)
agreement or commitment to do any of the foregoing.   4.9. TAXES.   (a)
TAX RETURNS; PAYMENT. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.9, the Company has
filed on a timely basis all Tax Returns that are or were required to be filed
by it under applicable Legal Requirements. All such Tax Returns were correct
and complete in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements. The Company
has delivered to Buyer copies of, and Schedule 4.9 contains a complete and
accurate list of, all such Tax Returns relating to income or franchise
taxes filed since December 31, 1999. The Company has paid all Taxes that have
been required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements, including those
shown due on the Tax Returns filed by it or under any assessment received as
an adjustment to such Tax Returns. The Company is not currently the
beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return. No
claim has been made by a Taxing authority of a jurisdiction where the Company
does not file Tax Returns that the Company is or may be subject to taxation
in that jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company has no
Liability for any Tax except (i) Taxes disclosed on Schedule 4.9, (ii) Taxes
fully reserved on the Balance Sheet, and (iii) Taxes accrued after the
Balance Sheet Date that will be fully reserved on the Closing Balance Sheet.
Schedule 4.9 identifies the GAAP method of reporting taxes on the Balance
Sheet.   (b) WITHHOLDING. The Company has withheld and paid all Taxes
required under applicable Legal Requirements to have been withheld and paid
in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent
contractor, creditor, stockholder or other Person.   (c) ASSESSMENTS;
AUDITS. There is no pending, or, to the knowledge of each Significant Seller
and the Company, threatened or anticipated, assessment of any additional Tax
against any member of the Selling Group for any taxable period during which
the Company or any predecessor company was a member of the Selling Group. No
member of the Selling Group has waived any statute of limitations in respect
of any Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax
assessment or deficiency for any taxable period during which the Company was
a member of the Selling Group. No Tax audit or examination is now pending or
currently in progress with respect to the Company. Schedule 4.9 contains a
complete and accurate list of all audits of all of the Company\'s
Tax Returns, including a reasonably detailed description of the nature and
outcome of each audit. All deficiencies proposed as a result of such audits
have been   16  17  paid, reserved against, settled, or, as described in
Schedule 4.9, are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings.
Schedule 4.9 describes all adjustments to the United States federal income
Tax Returns filed by the Company or any group of corporations including the
Company for all taxable years since December 31, 1996, and the resulting
deficiencies proposed by the IRS.   (d) OTHER MATTERS. Except as disclosed
on Schedule 4.9, the Company is not a party to any income Tax allocation or
sharing agreement. The Company has not filed a consent under IRC Section
341(f) concerning collapsible corporations. The Company has not made any
payment, nor is it obligated to make any payment, nor is it a party to any
agreement that under any circumstances could obligate it to make any payment,
that will not be deductible under IRC Sections 280G or 162(m). The Company
has not been a member of an affiliated group during any part of any
consolidated return year in which any other corporation was also a member of
such group. The Company is not and has not been during the applicable period
specified in IRC Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) a United States real property
holding corporation as defined in IRC Section 897(c)(2). No member of the
Selling Group has any losses subject to the limitations of IRC Section 382.
The Company has not, nor within the five-year period preceding the Closing
Date has the Company been, an "S" corporation. During the consistency period
(as defined in Section 338(h)(4) of the IRC with respect to the sale of the
Shares to Buyer), the Company or target affiliate (as defined in
Section 338(h)(6) of the IRC with respect to the sale of the Shares to Buyer)
have not sold or will not sell any property or assets to Buyer or to any
member of the affiliated group (as defined in Section 338(h)(5) of the IRC)
that includes Buyer. Schedule 4.9 lists all such target affiliates.   4.10.
INVENTORY. All of the inventory owned by the Company is valued on the books
and records of the Company and in the Financial Statements at lower of cost
or market. All inventory is accounted for using the FIFO basis of accounting
in accordance with GAAP. All of the finished goods inventory of the Company
is in good, merchantable and in usable condition and is salable in
the ordinary course of business within a reasonable time and at normal
profit margins (except as reserved in the Financial Statements). All of the
raw materials and work-in-process inventory of the Company can reasonably
be expected to be consumed in the ordinary course of business within a
reasonable period of time. Except as reserved in the Financial Statements,
none of the Company\'s inventory is obsolete, slow-moving, has been consigned
to others or is on consignment from others. The quantities of each item of
inventory (whether raw materials, work-in-process, or finished goods) are not
excessive, but are reasonable in the present circumstances of the Company.
All of the Company\'s inventory is located at the locations identified on
Schedule 4.10.   4.11. RECEIVABLES. Schedule 4.11 identifies each trade or
other account receivable of the Company ("RECEIVABLE") outstanding as of
March 31, 2000 on an aged basis by account debtor. All Receivables, whether
reflected on the Balance Sheet, disclosed on Schedule 4.11 or created after
the Balance Sheet Date, arose from bona fide sale or service transactions. No
material portion of any Receivable is subject to any counterclaim, defense or
set-off, or is otherwise in dispute. Except to the extent of the recorded
reserve for doubtful accounts specified on the Balance Sheet, all of the
Receivables are collectible in the ordinary course of business.   17 
18   4.12. CONDITION OF ASSETS; TITLE; BUSINESS. The Company is engaged
in the Business and no other business. The buildings, plants, structures,
furniture and fixtures, improvements, machinery, equipment, tools,
improvements and other tangible personal property owned or used by the
Company, including those reflected on the Balance Sheet are, structurally
sound, in good operating condition and repair, adequate for the uses to which
they are being put and sufficient for the continued conduct of the Business
after the Closing in substantially the same manner as conducted prior to the
Closing. None of the buildings, plants, structures, furniture and fixtures,
improvements, machinery, equipment, tools, improvements and other tangible
personal property owned or used by the Company is in need of maintenance or
repairs except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs that are not
material in nature or cost. The Company has good, marketable and exclusive
title to all of the assets reflected on the Balance Sheet or used in the
Business, except those under lease identified in Schedule 4.12. The Company
does not own or lease any material assets not used in the Business. None of
the Company\'s assets is subject to any Encumbrance, except as identified on
Schedule 4.12. The Company owns or leases all assets that are necessary for
or used in the operation of the Business. All of the Company\'s tangible
personal property is located at the locations identified on Schedule 4.12.
The Company\'s principal place of business and chief executive office, any
trade names used in the Business and all bank and investment accounts in the
Company\'s name or used by the Company are identified on Schedule 4.12. The
Company\'s fiscal year ends on December 31.   4.13. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. No
Legal Proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of the Significant Sellers
and the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, the Business,
any of the Company\'s assets, any of the Shares or the Contemplated
Transactions, and there is no basis for any of the foregoing. The Company
does not have pending any Legal Proceeding against any third party. The
Company has delivered to Buyer copies of all pleadings, correspondence, and
other documents relating to each Legal Proceeding disclosed herein. No
officer, director, agent, or employee of the Company is subject to any Legal
Proceeding or Contract that prohibits such officer, director, agent, or
employee from engaging in or continuing any conduct, activity, or
practice relating to the Business.   4.14. CONTRACTS; COMPLIANCE. Disclosed
on Schedule 4.14, 4.18, 4.21 or 4.22 is a brief description of each Contract
that (i) is material to the Business or the Company\'s assets or operations;
(ii) involves the purchase, sale or lease of any asset, materials, supplies,
inventory, services or goods in excess of $10,000; (iii) has an unexpired
term of more than six months from the date of this Agreement, taking into
account the effect of any renewal options; (iv) relates to the borrowing or
lending of any money or guarantee of any obligation in excess of $10,000; (v)
limits the right of the Company to compete in any line of business, restricts
the payment of dividends or otherwise restricts any right the Company may
have; (vi) is an employment or consulting Contract involving payment of
compensation and benefits in excess of $10,000 per year; (vii) is a lease,
license, rental, occupancy or conditional sales agreement; (viii) is a joint
venture, partnership or other agreement involving the sharing of profits,
losses, costs or liabilities; (ix) is a barter or similar agreement; (x) is a
power of attorney; (xi) is an agreement that expressly provides for the
undertaking by the Company for consequential damages; (xii) is a guarantee or
surety agreement; (xiii) pursuant to which the Company has agreed to
indemnify or exonerate any officer, director or employee of the Company with
respect to any matter; if terminated would have a material adverse effect on
the Company; or (xiv) was not entered into in the ordinary course. True and
complete copies of all Contracts (that are in writing) have been    18 
19  delivered to Buyer. No Required Authorization is needed in order for
the Contracts to continue in full force and effect under the same terms
and conditions currently in effect following consummation of the
Contemplated Transactions. Each Contract is a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company and is in full force and effect. To the knowledge
of each Significant Seller and the Company, each Contract is a legal, valid
and binding obligation of each other party to each Contract. The Company and
each other party to each Contract have performed all obligations required to
be performed by them under each Contract and are not in breach or default,
and are not alleged to be in breach or default, in any respect under any
Contract. No event has occurred and no condition or state of facts exists (or
would exist upon the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both) that
would become or cause a breach, default or event of default under any
Contract or would give to any Person the right to cause such a termination or
would cause an acceleration of any Liability under any Contract. The Company
is not currently renegotiating any Contract. The Company has not received any
notice of actual, alleged, possible or potential default, violation,
cancellation, non-renewal or price increase or sales or production allocation
with respect to any Contract.   4.15. GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS. Schedule 4.15
and 4.23 identify all Governmental Approvals that are material to the
Business. Each Governmental Approval is valid, subsisting and in full force
and effect. The Company is in full compliance with and has fulfilled and
performed its obligations under each material Governmental Approval. No event
or condition or state of facts exists (or would exist upon the giving of
notice or lapse of time or both) that could constitute a breach or default
under any Governmental Approval. The Company has no knowledge of and has not
received, any notice or other communication (whether oral or written) from
any Governmental Body or any other Person regarding, any actual, alleged,
possible, or potential (i) violation of or failure to comply with any term or
requirement of any Governmental Approval or (ii) revocation, withdrawal, non-
renewal, suspension, cancellation, termination of, or modification to any
Governmental Approval. No pending application for a Governmental Approval
will not be timely granted. No Legal Proceeding is pending or threatened to
revoke, suspend or modify any Governmental Approval or to deny any renewal of
any Governmental Approval. All applications required to have been filed for
the renewal of any Governmental Approval have been duly filed on a timely
basis with the appropriate Governmental Bodies. All other plans,
filings, reports, notifications or other submissions required to have been
made with respect to such Governmental Approvals or filed with any
Governmental Body have been duly made or filed on a timely basis with the
appropriate Governmental Bodies. The Governmental Approvals constitute all of
the governmental authorizations necessary to allow the Company to conduct and
operate the Business in the manner currently conducted and in accordance with
all applicable Legal Requirements and allow it to own and use its assets in
the manner in which they are currently owned and used.   4.16. COMPLIANCE
WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS. The Company is and has been in full compliance of
all material Legal Requirements applicable to the Company and the Business.
No event has occurred or condition or state of facts exists that (with or
without notice or lapse of time or both) (i) may constitute or result in a
violation or non-compliance by the Company of any Legal Requirement, or (ii)
may give rise to any Liability on the part of the Company to undertake, or to
bear all or any portion of the cost of, any remedial action of any
nature (including any Environmental Remedial Action). The Company has not
received any notice or other communication (whether oral or written) from any
Governmental Body or any other Person   19  20  regarding (y) any
actual, alleged, possible, or potential violation of, or failure to comply
with, any Legal Requirement, or (z) any actual, alleged, possible, or
potential Liability on the part of the Company to undertake, or to bear all
or any portion of the cost of, any remedial action of any nature (including
any Environmental Remedial Action).   4.17. REAL PROPERTY. Schedule 4.17
discloses and summarizes all real properties currently owned, used or leased
by the Company or in which the Company has an interest (collectively, the
"REAL PROPERTY") and identifies the record title holder of all Real Property.
Schedule 4.17 separately identifies all real property previously owned, used
or leased by the Company or in which the Company had an interest. The Company
has good and marketable fee simple title to all Real Property shown as owned
by it on Schedule 4.17, free and clear of all Encumbrances. The Company has
the right to quiet enjoyment of all Real Property in which it holds a
leasehold interest for the full term, including all renewal rights, of the
leasehold interest. Copies of all title insurance policies written in favor
of the Company, and all surveys, deeds, opinions and abstracts relating to
the Real Property have been delivered to Buyer. All structures and other
improvements on all Real Property owned by the Company are within the lot
lines and do not encroach on the properties of any other Person. The use and
operation of all Real Property conform in all material respects to all
applicable building, zoning, safety and subdivision laws, Environmental
Laws and other Legal Requirements and all restrictive covenants and
restrictions and conditions affecting title. No portion of any Real Property
is located in a flood plain, flood hazard area or designated wetlands area.
The Company has not received any written or oral notice of assessments for
public improvements against any Real Property or any written or oral notice
or Order by any Governmental Body, insurance company or board of fire
underwriters or other body exercising similar functions that (i) relates to
violations of building, safety or fire ordinances or regulations, (ii) claims
any defect or deficiency with respect to any Real Property or (iii) requests
the performance of any repairs, alterations or other work to or in any Real
Property or in any streets bounding the Real Property. Each parcel of Real
Property owned by the Company is considered a separate parcel of land for
taxing and conveyancing purposes. To the best of each Significant Seller\'s
and the Company\'s knowledge, there is no pending condemnation,
expropriation, eminent domain or similar proceeding affecting all or any
portion of the Real Property. All public utilities (including water, gas,
electric, storm and sanitary sewage, and telephone utilities) required to
operate the Real Property are available to the Real Property and enter the
boundaries of the Real Property through adjoining public streets, easements
or rights-of-way of record in favor of the Company. These public utilities
are all connected according to valid permits, are all in good working order
and are adequate to service the operations on the Real Property as currently
conducted and permit full compliance with all Legal Requirements. The Company
has not received any written notice of any proposed, planned or
actual curtailment of service of any utility supplied to any facility of the
Company. All Real Property used by the Company has access to a publicly
opened street.   4.18. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES. No Related Party
is or has been for the past three years a party to any transaction, agreement
or understanding with the Company except for arrangements disclosed on
Schedule 4.18. No Related Party uses any assets of the Company except
directly in connection with the Business. No Related Party owns any asset
used in the Business. No Related Party has any claim of any nature, including
any inchoate claim, against the Company, and the Company has no claim of any
nature, including any inchoate claim, against any Related Party. No Related
Party directly or indirectly owns or is engaged in any   20 
21  business that competes directly or indirectly with the Company. Except
as disclosed on Schedule 4.18 or as otherwise expressly provided by this
Agreement or by any Other Agreement, (i) no Related Party will at any time
after the Closing for any reason, directly or indirectly, be or become
entitled to receive any payment or transfer of money or other property of any
kind from the Company with respect to facts, circumstances or events existing
or occurring on or before the Closing Date, and (ii) the Company will not at
any time after the Closing for any reason, directly or indirectly, be or
become subject to any obligation to any Related Party with respect to facts,
circumstances or events existing or occurring on or before the Closing
Date.   4.19. LABOR RELATIONS. The relations of the Company with its
employees are good. No employee of the Company is represented by a union or
other labor organization, and no Significant Seller nor the Company is aware
of any union organizing activities. No representation election, arbitration
proceeding, grievance, picketing, labor strike, dispute, slowdown, lockout,
stoppage or other labor trouble is pending or, to the knowledge of each
Significant Seller and the Company, threatened against or affecting the
Company. No complaint against the Company is pending or, to the knowledge of
each Significant Seller and the Company, threatened before the National Labor
Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any similar
state or local agency. The Company has no contingent Liability for sick
leave, vacation time, severance or occupational disease pay not fully
reserved on the Balance Sheet. Neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the performance of the terms of this Agreement, nor the
consummation of the Contemplated Transactions will trigger any severance or
other benefit payment obligation under any Contract, Benefit Plan or under
any Legal Requirement. Schedule 4.19 contains a complete and accurate list of
the following for each employee or director of the Company, including each
employee on leave of absence or layoff status: employer; name; job title;
current compensation paid or payable and any change in compensation since
March 31, 2000; vacation accrued; and service credited for purposes
of vesting and eligibility to participate under any Company Plan. No employee
or director of the Company is a party to, or is otherwise bound by, any
agreement or arrangement, including any confidentiality, noncompetition, or
proprietary rights agreement with any other Person that in any way adversely
affects or will adversely affect (i) the performance of his duties as an
employee or director of the Company, or (ii) the ability of the Company to
conduct the Business. To the knowledge of each Significant Seller and the
Company, no key employee of the Company intends to terminate his or her
employment with the Company. The Company has taken no action that would give
rise to any notice required to be delivered under the Worker Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act of 1988, 25 U.S.C. Section 2101 et seq., as
amended.   4.20. PRODUCTS LIABILITY; WARRANTIES; INSURANCE. The Company will
have no Liability after the Closing that is not fully covered by insurance
relating to any product manufactured, distributed or sold by the Company
prior to the Closing, whether or not such Liability is related to products
that are defective or improperly designed or manufactured or are in breach of
any express or implied product warranty, other than as fully reserved in the
warranty reserve on the Balance Sheet. Schedule 4.20 discloses and describes
the terms of all express product warranties under which the Company may have
Liability after the Closing Date. Schedule 4.20 discloses all insurance
policies with respect to which the Company is the owner, insured or
beneficiary. Schedule 4.20 discloses all self-insurance arrangements by the
Company, all obligations by the Company to third parties with respect to
insurance and all insurance required by applicable Legal   21 
22  Requirements in connection with the Business. The Company has complied
with all of the terms and conditions of the insurance policies identified on
Schedule 4.20 and has given notice to the insurer of all claims that may be
covered thereby. All such policies are valid, enforceable and reasonable, in
both scope and amount, in light of the risks attendant to the Business and
are comparable in coverage to policies customarily maintained by others
engaged in similar lines of business. All such policies are with financially
sound and reputable insurers. The Company has paid all premiums due under
each such insurance policy and, except as disclosed in Schedule 4.20, will
not have any Liability after the Closing for retrospective or retroactive
premium adjustments or other experienced-based liability. No notice of
cancellation has been received with respect to any insurance policy
identified in Schedule 4.20. For the past three years, all insurance policies
covering products Liability and general Liability maintained by or for the
benefit of the Company have been "occurrence" policies and not "claims made"
policies. Schedule 4.20 contains a summary of the loss experience under each
liability policy of the Company. Schedule 4.20 discloses the manner in which
the Company provides coverage for workers\' compensation.   4.21.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.   (a) IDENTIFICATION; VALIDITY; ETC. Schedule
4.21 discloses all of the trademark and service mark rights, applications and
registrations, trade names, fictitious names, service marks, logos and brand
names, copyrights, copyright applications, letters patent, patent
applications and licenses of any of the foregoing owned or used by the
Company in or applicable to the Business. The Company has the entire right,
title and interest in and to, or has the exclusive perpetual royalty-free
right to use, the intellectual property rights disclosed on Schedule 4.21 and
all other processes, know-how, show-how, formulae, trade secrets, inventions,
discoveries, improvements, blueprints, specifications, drawings, designs, and
other proprietary rights necessary or applicable to or advisable for use in
the Business (all of the foregoing, collectively, "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY").
Schedule 4.21 separately discloses all Intellectual Property under license
and all other Contracts relating to Intellectual Property owned, used or
leased by the Company. The Intellectual Property is valid and not the subject
of any interference, opposition, reexamination or cancellation. To the
knowledge of each Significant Seller and the Company, no Person is infringing
upon, nor has any Person misappropriated any Intellectual Property. The
Intellectual Property identified on Schedule 4.21 is all of the
Intellectual Property necessary for the operation of the Business. Except as
disclosed on Schedule 4.21, the Company has all right, title and interest in
and to the Intellectual Property identified on Schedule 4.21, free and clear
of all Encumbrances. The Company is not infringing upon the intellectual
property rights of any other Person.   (b) PATENTS; TRADEMARKS; COPYRIGHTS;
TRADE SECRETS. All of the issued patents and registered trademarks and
copyrights identified on Schedule 4.21 are currently in compliance with all
Legal Requirements (including payment of filing, examination, and maintenance
fees, proofs of working or use, the timely post-registration filing of
affidavits of use and incontestability and renewal applications), are valid
and enforceable, and are not subject to any maintenance fees or taxes or
actions falling due within ninety days after the Closing Date. No patent
identified on Schedule 4.21 has been or is now involved in any interference,
reissue, reexamination, opposition, invalidation or cancellation proceeding.
All products made, used, or sold under the patents identified on Schedule
4.21 have been marked with the proper patent   22  23  notice. All of the
Company\'s products and materials containing a trademark bear the proper
federal registration notice where permitted by applicable Legal Requirements.
All of the Company\'s works encompassed by the copyrights identified on
Schedule 4.21 have been marked with the proper copyright notice. To the
knowledge of each Significant Seller and the Company, there is no potentially
interfering patent or patent application of any third party.
The documentation relating to the Company\'s trade secrets is current,
accurate, and sufficient in detail and content to identify and explain them
and to allow them full and proper use without reliance on the knowledge or
memory of any individual. The Company has taken all reasonable precautions to
protect the secrecy, confidentiality, and value of the trade secrets. The
trade secrets are not part of the public knowledge or literature, and, to the
knowledge of each Significant Seller and the Company, have not been used,
divulged, or appropriated either for the benefit of any Person or to the
detriment of the Company.   (c) EMPLOYEES. All former and current employees
of the Company have executed written Contracts with the Company that assign
to the Company all rights to any inventions, improvements, discoveries, or
information relating to the Business. No employee of the Company has entered
into any Contract that restricts or limits in any way the scope or type of
work in which the employee may be engaged or requires the employee to
transfer, assign, or disclose information concerning his or her work to any
Person other than the Company.   (d) YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE. All computer
software and systems owned or used by the Company (including data collection,
billing, inventory, payroll, general ledger and other accounting systems) are
Year 2000 Compliant. All computer software and systems owned or used by the
Company have been tested by expert computer technicians to be certain that
they are Year 2000 Compliant. No such tests have produced any results that
would give a prudent expert computer technician any concern that such
software or systems are not Year 2000 Compliant.   4.22. EMPLOYEE
BENEFITS.   (a) COMPANY PLANS. Schedule 4.22 discloses all written and
unwritten Benefit Plans, whether or not funded and whether or not terminated,
(i) maintained or sponsored by the Company, (ii) with respect to which the
Company (or Sellers with respect to the Company) has or may have Liability or
is obligated to contribute, (iii) that otherwise covers any of the current
or former employees of the Company or their beneficiaries, or (iv) as to
which any current or former employees of the Company or their beneficiaries
participated or were entitled to participate or accrue or have accrued any
rights (each, a "COMPANY PLAN").   (b) COMPANY GROUP MATTERS; FUNDING.
Neither the Company, nor any corporation that may be aggregated with the
Company under Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the IRC (the "COMPANY
GROUP"), has any obligation to contribute to, or any direct or indirect
Liability with respect to, any Benefit Plan of the type described in Sections
4064 of ERISA or Section 414(c) of the IRC. The Company does not have any
Liability, and after the Closing the Company will not have any Liability,
with respect to any Benefit Plan of any other member of the Company Group,
whether as a result of delinquent contributions, distress terminations,
fraudulent transfers, failure to pay premiums to the PBGC, withdrawal
liability or otherwise. No accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in
Section 402 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC) exists nor has any
funding waiver from the IRS been received or requested with respect to any
Company Plan or   23  24  Benefit Plan of any member of the Company
Group. No excise or other Tax is due or owing because of any failure to
comply with the minimum funding standards of the IRC or ERISA with respect to
any Company Plan or Benefit Plan of any member of the Company Group.   (c)
COMPLIANCE. Each of the Company Plans and all related trusts, insurance
contracts and funds have been created, maintained, funded and administered in
compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements and in compliance with the
underlying or applicable plan document, trust agreement, insurance policy or
other writing. No Company Plan is, or is proposed to be, under audit or
investigation. No completed audit of any Company Plan has resulted in the
imposition of any Tax, fine or penalty.   (d) QUALIFIED PLANS. Schedule 4.22
separately discloses each Company Plan that purports to be a qualified plan
under Section 401(a) of the IRC and exempt from United States federal income
tax under Section 501(a) of the IRC (a "QUALIFIED PLAN"). A determination
letter (or opinion or notification letter, if applicable) has been received
from the IRS that each Qualified Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of
the IRC and exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the IRC.
No Qualified Plan has been amended since the date of the most recent IRS
letter. No member of the Company Group, fiduciary of any Qualified Plan, or
of any of the foregoing, has done anything that would adversely affect the
qualified status of a Qualified Plan or the qualified status of any
related trust.   (e) DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS. Schedule 4.22 separately
discloses each Company Plan that is a defined benefit plan as defined in
Section 3(35) of ERISA (a "DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN"). The present value of
vested and nonvested accrued benefits under each Defined Benefit Plan does
not exceed the present fair market value of the assets of such plan, based on
the actuarial assumptions and methodology used for funding purposes (i) as
set forth in such plan\'s most recent actuarial report; (ii) as required by
the PBGC on a termination basis; and (iii) as set forth in FASB 87. No
Defined Benefit Plan sponsored by any member of or covering any employee of
the Company Group has been terminated or partially terminated within the last
ten years. No event has occurred and no condition has existed that could
constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for termination of or
appointment of a trustee to administer any Defined Benefit Plan. No member of
the Company Group has transferred, in whole or in part, a Defined Benefit
Plan to a corporation that was at the time of transfer a member of a
different controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA) than the transferor. The Company has no
Liability for any Company Plan that is not accrued on the Balance Sheet or,
if arising after the Balance Sheet Date and on and before the Closing, will
not be accrued on the Closing Balance Sheet.   (f) MULTIEMPLOYER PLANS. No
Company Plan is a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) or
Section 4001(a)(4) of ERISA (a "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN"). No member of the
Company Group has withdrawn from any Multiemployer Plan or incurred any
withdrawal liability to or under any Multiemployer Plan. No Company Plan
covers any employees of any member of the Company Group in any foreign
country or territory.   (g) PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS; FIDUCIARY DUTIES; POST-
RETIREMENT BENEFITS. No prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section
406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the IRC) with respect to any Company Plan
exists or has occurred that could subject the Company to   24  25  any
Liability or Tax under Part 5 of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the IRC.
No member of the Company Group, nor any administrator or fiduciary of
any Company Plan, nor any agent of any of the foregoing, has engaged in
any transaction or acted or failed to act in a manner that will subject the
Company to any Liability for a breach of fiduciary or other duty under ERISA
or any other applicable Legal Requirements. With the exception of the
requirements of Section 4980B of the IRC, no post-retirement benefits are
provided under any Company Plan that is a welfare benefit plan as described
in ERISA Section 3(1) of ERISA.   4.23. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as
disclosed in Schedule 4.23:   (a) COMPLIANCE; NO LIABILITY. The Company has
operated the Business and all of the Facilities in compliance with all
applicable Environmental Laws. The Company is not subject to any
Environmental Liability, and will not after the Closing suffer or incur any
Environmental Liabilities, based on an facts, circumstances or conditions
existing on or prior to the Closing Date. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Company is not subject to any Environmental Liability, and will not after
Closing suffer or incur any Environmental Liability, as a result of: (i) the
violation or noncompliance by the Company or any other Person for whose
conduct the Company is or may be held responsible under any Environmental
Law, (ii) the ownership or operation of, or any condition at, the Facilities,
(iii) any Regulated Material present or Release at the Facilities, (iv) any
Hazardous Activity conducted by the Company or by any other Person for whose
conduct the Company is or may be held responsible, (v) any Release by the
Company or any other Person acting as agent for or on behalf of the Company
on any other property, (vi) any Environmental Remedial Action required to be
taken by the Company, or (vii) the treatment or disposal of any Regulated
Material at any facility, or the arrangement for treatment, disposal, or
transportation of any Regulated Material at any facility, from which there
is a Release or threatened Release of Regulated Materials.   (b) TREATMENT;
CERCLIS. The Company has not treated, stored, recycled or disposed of any
Regulated Material on any real property, and no other Person has treated,
stored, recycled or disposed of any Regulated Material on any part of the
Facilities. There has been no Release or threat of Release of any
Regulated Material at, on or under the Environment related to any Facility.
There is not Regulated Material present at, on or under the Environment
related to any Facility. The Company has not transported any Regulated
Material or arranged for the transportation of any Regulated Material to any
location that is listed or proposed for listing on the National Priorities
List under Superfund or on CERCLIS, or to any other location that is the
subject of federal, state or local enforcement action or other investigation
that may lead to claims against the Company for Environmental Liabilities or
Environmental Remedial Action. None of the Real Property is listed, or to the
knowledge of each Significant Seller and the Company, proposed for listing on
the National Priorities List under Superfund, CERCLIS or any state or local
list of sites requiring investigation or cleanup. Schedule 4.23 identifies
each Governmental Approval issued under, or by requirement of, any applicable
Environmental Laws.   (c) NOTICES; EXISTING CLAIMS; CERTAIN REGULATED
MATERIALS; STORAGE TANKS. The Company has not received any request for
information, notice of claim, demand or other notification or communication
that it is or may be potentially responsible with respect to any
Environmental Liability, Environmental Remedial Action or any threatened or
actual Release of any Regulated Material. The Company is not required to
place any notice or restriction relating   25  26  to the presence of
any Regulated Material at any Real Property or in any deed to any Real
Property. The Company has provided to Buyer a list of all sites to which the
Company has transported any Regulated Material for recycling, treatment,
disposal, other handling or otherwise. There has been no past, and there is
no pending or, to the knowledge of each Significant Seller and the Company,
contemplated, claim by or against the Company under any Environmental Law.
The Company has not entered into any agreement with any Person regarding any
Environmental Law, Environmental Remedial Action or other
Environmental Liability or expense. All storage tanks located on the Real
Property, whether underground or aboveground, are disclosed on Schedule 4.23.
All tanks and associated piping have been inspected and tested in compliance
with applicable Environmental Laws, are in sound condition and are not
leaking and have not leaked. The Company has delivered to Buyer true and
complete copies and results of any assessments, reports, studies, analyses,
tests, or monitoring possessed or initiated by any Significant Seller or the
Company pertaining to Regulated Materials or activities in, on or under the
Facilities or any other property, or concerning compliance with Environmental
Laws by the Company, or any other Person for whose conduct the Company is or
may be held responsible. To the knowledge of each Significant Seller and the
Company, no other assessments, reports, studies, analyses, tests, or
monitoring of the Real Property exists.   (d) REPORTS. THE Company has
provided to Buyer copies of all written information in its possession or
control pertaining to the matters set forth in this Section 4.23, including
all documents pertaining to Environmental audits or assessments prepared for
the Company or relating to the Facilities.   4.24. CERTAIN PAYMENTS. During
the past five years, neither the Company nor any director, officer, agent, or
employee of the Company, or any other Person associated with or acting for or
on behalf of the Company, has directly or indirectly (i) made any
contribution, gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback, or
other payment to any Person, private or public, regardless of form, whether
in money, property, or services (A) to obtain favorable treatment in securing
business, (B) to pay for favorable treatment for business secured, (C) to
obtain special concessions or for special concessions already obtained, for
or in respect of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, or (D) in
violation of any applicable Legal Requirements, or (ii) established
or maintained any fund or asset that has not been recorded in the books and
records of the Company.   4.25. CUSTOMER RELATIONS. There exists no
condition or state of facts or circumstances involving the Company\'s
customers, suppliers, distributors or sales representatives that the Company
or any Significant Seller can reasonably foresee could adversely affect the
Business after the Closing Date.   4.26. FINDERS\' FEES; NO EXISTING
DISCUSSIONS. Except for the arrangement with Westhill Capital Corporation
described in Exhibit C hereto, none of the Sellers nor the Company nor any of
their respective officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or
finder or incurred any Liability for any brokerage fee, commission or
finders\' fee in connection with any of the Contemplated Transactions. As of
the date of this Agreement, none of the Sellers nor the Company is engaged,
directly or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with any other
party with respect to an proposal to acquire, in any manner, the assets of
the Company, the Business or the Shares.   26  27   4.27. DISCLOSURE.
None of the representations or warranties of any Significant Seller and the
Company contained in this Article IV and none of the information contained in
the Schedules referred to in Article IV is false or misleading in any
material respect or omits to state a fact necessary to make the statements in
this Article IV or in the Schedules to Article IV not misleading in any
material respect. There is no fact known to either any Significant Seller or
the Company that has specific application to the Company (other than general
economic or industry conditions) and that materially adversely affects or, as
far as any Significant Seller or the Company can reasonably foresee,
materially threatens, the assets, Business, prospects, financial condition,
or results of operations of the Company that has not been set forth in this
Agreement or the Schedules to this Agreement.   ARTICLE V.  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS   Each Seller severally and not jointly represents
and warrants to Buyer as follows:   5.1. AUTHORIZATION. Each Seller now has
and on the Closing Date will have good and marketable title to the Shares to
be sold by such Seller, free and clear of any liens, encumbrances, equities
and claims, and full right, power and authority to effect the sale and
delivery of such Shares; and upon the delivery of, against payment for, such
Shares pursuant to this Agreement, the Buyer will acquire good and marketable
title thereto, free and clear of any liens, encumbrances, equities and
claims. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by
each Seller and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each Seller
enforceable in accordance with its terms except as rights to indemnity and
contribution hereunder may be limited as a matter of applicable public policy
or by applicable laws and except as the enforcement hereof may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally, or by general equitable principles.
Each Seller has full right, power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations under such
Agreements. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation
by each Seller of the transactions herein contemplated and the fulfillment by
each Seller of the terms hereof will not require any consent, approval,
authorization, or other order of any third party, court, regulatory body,
administrative agency or other governmental body and will not result in
a breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default
under, any charter document, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other
agreement or instrument to which such Seller is a party, or of any order,
rule or regulation applicable to such Seller of any court or of any
regulatory body or administrative agency or other governmental body having
jurisdiction the effect of which would prevent consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   5.2. INVESTMENT. Each Seller is
acquiring any MRV Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement for its own account
for investment and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any
distribution thereof, nor with any present intention of distributing or
selling the same except pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act.   5.3. EXPERIENCE. Each Seller has made detailed inquiry
concerning the Buyer, its business and its personnel; the officers of the
Buyer have made available to the Company and each Seller any and all written
information which it has requested and have answered to the   27 
28  Company\'s satisfaction all inquiries made by the Company and each
Seller; and each Seller has sufficient knowledge and experience in finance
and business that it is capable of evaluating the risks and merits of its
investment in the Buyer and is able financially to bear the risks
thereof.   5.4. TRANSFER OR RESALE. Each Seller understands that the shares
of MRV Common Stock have not been registered under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws, and may not be transferred unless (i) subsequently
registered thereunder, or (ii) the Seller shall have delivered to the Buyer
an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Buyer (which opinion shall
be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in
comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares of MRV Common Stock to
be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred under an exemption from
such registration, or (iii) sold under Rule 144 promulgated under the
Securities Act (or a successor rule), or (iv) sold or transferred to an
employee or other affiliate of the seller pursuant to an exemption under the
Securities Act.   5.5. LEGEND. Each Seller understands that unless and until
the shares of MRV Common Stock have been registered under the Securities Act
or may be sold by such Seller under Rule 144(k), the certificates for the
shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form:  
"The shares represented by this certificate have not been  registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may  not be offered, sold or
otherwise transferred, pledged or  hypothecated unless and until such shares
are registered under  such Act or an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the
Company is  obtained to the effect that such registration is not
required."  The foregoing legend shall be removed from the certificates
representing any MRV Common Stock, at the request of the holder thereof, at
such time as they become eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(k) under
the Securities Act.   ARTICLE VI.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
BUYER   Buyer represents and warrants to each Seller as follows:   6.1.
ORGANIZATION. Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. Buyer has
the corporate power and authority to own or lease its properties, carry on
its business, enter into this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which it
is or is to become a party and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and under such Other Agreements.   6.2. AUTHORIZATION; ENFORCEABILITY. This
Agreement and each Other Agreement to which Buyer is a party have been duly
executed and delivered by Buyer, and constitute the legal, valid and binding
obligations of Buyer, enforceable against it in accordance with their
respective terms. Each Other Agreement to which Buyer is to become a party,
when executed and delivered by Buyer, will constitute the legal, valid and
binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against it in accordance with the
terms of such Other Agreement. All Contemplated Transactions to which  
28  29  Buyer is or is to become a party have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate proceedings by Buyer.   6.3. NO
VIOLATION OF LAWS OR AGREEMENTS; REQUIRED AUTHORIZATIONS. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Other Agreements and the consummation and
compliance with the transactions, terms and conditions of this Agreement and
the Other Agreements by Buyer will not, directly or indirectly (with or
without notice or the lapse of time or both): (i) contravene, conflict with
or result in a violation of any provision of the Governing Documents of Buyer
or the resolutions adopted by the Board or Directors of Buyer; or
(ii) violate, or give any Person the right to obtain any relief, or exercise
any remedy under, any Legal Requirement to which Buyer is subject, or by
which any of its assets may be bound or affected, or give any Person the
right to challenge any of the Contemplated Transactions. Except as disclosed
on Schedule 5.3, Buyer is not required to make, give or obtain any Required
Authorizations in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by
Buyer of this Agreement or any Other Agreement or the consummation by Buyer
of the Contemplated Transactions.   6.4. REGISTRATION. As soon as
practicable but in no event later than 30 days following the Closing Date,
the Buyer will, at its sole cost and expense, file a registration statement
covering the shares of MRV Common Stock. The registration of such shares, and
any Additional Shares, shall be governed by the terms and conditions of a
Registration Rights Agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement") in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit D.   6.5. FINDERS\' FEES. Neither Buyer nor
any of its officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or finder
or incurred any Liability for any brokerage fee, commission or finders\' fee
in connection with any of the Contemplated Transactions.   ARTICLE VII. 
SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS; INDEMNIFICATION   7.1. SURVIVAL OF
REPRESENTATIONS. All representations, warranties, covenants and obligations
made by any party in this Agreement shall survive the Closing. Any limitation
or qualification set forth in any one representation and warranty in Articles
IV, V or VI shall not limit or qualify any other representation and warranty,
in Articles IV, V or VI. The right to indemnification under this Article or
any other remedy based on the breach or inaccuracy of any representation or
warranty in Articles IV, V or VI, or breach of, or noncompliance with, any
covenant or obligation in this Agreement will not be affected by any
investigation conducted with respect to, or any knowledge acquired (or
capable of being acquired) at any time, whether before or after the execution
and delivery of this Agreement or the Closing Date, with respect to any such
representation, warranty covenant or obligation. The waiver by any party of
any condition at Closing of the breach or inaccuracy of any representation or
warranty, or breach of, or noncompliance with, any covenant or obligation,
will not affect the right of the such party to indemnification, payment of
Damages or other remedy based on such breach, inaccuracy
or noncompliance.   7.2. INDEMNIFICATION BY SELLER. Each of the Significant
Sellers (and each Seller as to Section 7.2(a) and 7.2(b) only to the extent
described therein), and, if there shall be no Closing,   29  30  the
Company, shall indemnify, defend, save and hold harmless Buyer and
its officers, directors, employees, agents and Affiliates (including, after
the Closing, the Company; each, a "BUYER INDEMNITEE") from and against all
Damages (collectively, "BUYER DAMAGES") directly or indirectly asserted
against, imposed upon, resulting to, or incurred or required to be paid by
any Buyer Indemnitee from or in connection with:   (a) any breach or
inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made by any Significant Seller
or the Company in this Agreement (without giving effect to any supplement to
the Schedules), in any supplement to the Schedules, in any certificate or
document delivered by and Significant Seller or the Company in connection
with this Agreement or any Other Agreement to which any Significant Seller or
the Company, or both, is or is to become a party; provided however, that for
each Seller which is not a Significant Seller, only the following
shall apply: any breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made
by such Seller under Article V herein;   (b) any breach or nonperformance
of any covenant or obligation made by any Significant Seller, or the Company,
in or in connection with this Agreement or any Other Agreement to which any
of the Significant Sellers, or the Company, or both, is or is to become a
party; provided however, that for each Seller who is not a Significant
Seller, only the following shall apply: any breach or non-performance of any
covenant or obligation made by such Seller in or in connection with this
Agreement or any Other Agreement to which such Seller is or is to become a
party;   (c) any product shipped or manufactured by, or any services
provided by, the Company or any Subsidiary prior to the Closing Date, except
for third party claims made in the ordinary course of business under Company
supplied product warranties;   (d) any Environmental Liabilities of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, arising out of or relating to (i) any violation
of or noncompliance with any Environmental Law occurring prior to the Closing
Date by the Company, any Subsidiary or any other Person for whose conduct the
Company or any Subsidiary are or may be held responsible, (ii) the ownership
or operation, or, any condition at, the Facilities on or prior to the Closing
Date, including any migration of any such condition after the Closing Date,
(iii) the presence or Release of any Regulated Material at or with respect to
the Facilities on or prior to the Closing Date, (iv) any Hazardous Activity
conducted by the Company or any Subsidiary or any other Person acting as
agent for or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, (v) any Release by
the Company or any Subsidiary or any other Person acting as agent for or on
behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary on any other property, and (vi) any
Remedial Action required to be taken by the Company or any Subsidiary;  
(e) any Liability (i) arising out of or attaching as a result of the Company
or any Subsidiary being a member of a controlled group or affiliated group of
corporations of which any of the Sellers, its Affiliates or any other Person
are or were a part on or prior to Closing, including those
Liabilities imposed by Chapter 6 of Subtitle A of the IRC (Consolidated
Returns), ERISA Section 4201(a) (Multiemployer Withdrawal Liability), ERISA
Section 4062(a) (Single Employer Termination Liability), IRC Section
412(c)(11) and ERISA Section 302(c)(11) (Funding Liability), ERISA Section
4971(e) (Funding Excise Taxes) and ERISA Section 4007(e) (PBGC Premiums), and
(ii) imposed upon the Company or any Subsidiary based on theories,   30 
31  claims or judgments that the Company and any Subsidiary is a successor
or successor-in-interest to the Business or to another Person; and   (f)
any and all other Liabilities of the Company and the Subsidiaries existing on
the Closing Date or arising out of any transaction entered into, or any state
of facts existing, prior to the Closing Date, except for those Liabilities
fully reserved on the Closing Balance Sheet, but only to the extent reserved
on the Closing Balance Sheet, and except for those Liabilities that
are expressly quantified and set forth in the Contracts and the
Governmental Approvals (other than for breach or non-performance prior to
Closing).   7.3. INDEMNIFICATION BY BUYER. Buyer shall indemnify, defend,
save and hold harmless each Seller and its officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates and agents (each, a "SELLER INDEMNITEE") from and against any and
all Damages (collectively, "SELLER DAMAGES") directly or indirectly asserted
against, imposed upon, resulting to, or incurred or required to be paid by
any Seller Indemnitee from or in connection with, (i) any breach or
inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made by Buyer in this Agreement
or in any certificate or document delivered by Buyer in connection with this
Agreement or any Other Agreement to which Buyer is a party, (ii) a breach or
nonperformance of any covenant or agreement made by Buyer in or in connection
with this Agreement or in any Other Agreement to which Buyer is or is to
become a party and (iii) any product shipped or manufactured by, or any
services provided by Buyer after the Closing Date.   7.4. NOTICE OF CLAIMS.
If any Buyer Indemnitee or Seller Indemnitee (an "INDEMNIFIED PARTY")
believes that it has suffered or incurred, or will suffer or incur, any
Damage for which it is entitled to indemnification under this Article VII,
the Indemnified Party shall notify the party or parties from
whom indemnification is being claimed (the "INDEMNIFYING PARTY"). This notice
shall specify the factual basis of the claim in reasonable detail in light of
the circumstances then existing. If any Legal Proceeding is instituted by or
against a third party with respect to which any Indemnified Party intends to
claim any Damages, such Indemnified Party shall notify the Indemnifying Party
of such action or suit. The failure of an Indemnified Party to give any
notice required by this Section shall not affect any of such party\'s rights
under this Article VII or otherwise, except and to the extent that such
failure is actually prejudicial to the rights or obligations of the
Indemnifying Party.   7.5. THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS. The Indemnified Party shall
have the right to conduct and control, through counsel of its choosing, the
defense of any third-party claim, action or suit. The Indemnified Party may
compromise or settle third-party claim, action or suit so long as the
Indemnified Party gives the Indemnifying Party advance notice of any proposed
compromise or settlement. The Indemnified Party shall permit the Indemnifying
Party to participate in the defense of any such claim, action or suit (except
those involving Taxes, Environmental Remedial Actions and any related Legal
Proceeding) through counsel chosen by the Indemnifying Party, so long as the
fees and expenses of that counsel are borne by the Indemnifying Party. If the
Indemnified Party permits the Indemnifying Party to undertake, conduct and
control the conduct and settlement of such claim, action or suit: (i) the
Indemnifying Party shall not permit any Encumbrance to exist upon any asset
of the Indemnified Party; (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall not consent to
any settlement that does not include as an unconditional term of the
settlement the giving of a complete release from Liability with respect to
such action or suit to the Indemnified   31  32  Party; (iii) the
Indemnifying Party shall permit the Indemnified Party to participate in such
conduct or settlement through counsel chosen by the Indemnified Party
(without any Order by any Governmental Body); and (iv) the Indemnifying Party
shall agree promptly to reimburse the Indemnified Party for the full amount
of any Damages including fees and expenses of counsel for the Indemnified
Party.   ARTICLE VIII.  DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION   8.1. Definitions. The
following terms have the meanings specified below or are defined in the
Sections referred to below. All accounting terms not specifically defined in
this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with GAAP.   "ADDITIONAL
SHARES" is defined in Section 1.4.   "AFFILIATE" means, with respect to any
Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
such Person. "Control" for this purpose means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of a
Person.   "AGREEMENT" means this Stock Purchase Agreement, as it may be
amended from time to time.   "AUDITORS" means Carter, Polito and Muscio.  
"BALANCE SHEET" is defined in Section 4.6(b).   "BALANCE SHEET DATE" is
defined in Section 4.6(b).   "BENEFIT PLAN" means any "employee benefit
plan" within the meaning of Section 3(4) of ERISA, and any other written or
unwritten profit sharing, pension, savings, deferred compensation, fringe
benefit, insurance, medical, medical reimbursement, life, disability,
accident, post-retirement health or welfare benefit, stock option, stock
purchase, sick pay, vacation, employment, severance, termination or other
plan, agreement, Contract, policy, trust fund or arrangement for the benefit
of employees.   "BUSINESS" means the optical networking business conducted
by the Company and the Subsidiaries.   "BUYER" means MRV Communications, a
Delaware corporation.   "BUYER DAMAGES" is defined in Section 7.2.  
"BUYER INDEMNITEE" is defined in Section 7.2.   "CERCLIS" means the
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation Liability Information
System List under Superfund.   32  33   "CLOSING" is defined in Section
2.1.   "CLOSING DATE" is defined in Section 2.1.   "COMPANY" means
Astroterra, a California corporation, AND, for each usage in all Sections of
Article IV from and including Section 4.6 to the end of Article IV and in any
definition used in any of those Sections, the term "COMPANY" means both (i)
corporation and each Subsidiary as if each such Subsidiary were separately
named where the word "Company" appears, and (ii) corporation and the
Subsidiaries collectively when the word "Company" is used in connection with
consolidated financial statements, a controlled group, an affiliated group,
or other group.   "COMPANY GROUP" is defined in Section 4.22(b).  
"COMPANY PLAN" is defined in Section 4.22(a).   "CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS"
means the sale and purchase of the Shares and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Other Agreements.   "CONTRACT" means any current
agreement, contract, lease, indenture, mortgage, instrument, commitment or
other arrangement or understanding, oral or written, formal or informal, to
which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which it or its assets
may be affected.   "DAMAGE" means any loss, demand, claim, allegation,
assertion, action or cause of action, assessment, damage (including
incidental and consequential damages), deficiency, Liability, cost, expense,
diminution of value, fine, penalty, judgment, award or settlement, whether or
not involving a third-party claim, including reasonable legal fees, interest,
and any reasonable amount paid in investigation, defense or settlement of any
of the foregoing.   "DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN" is defined in Section
4.22(e).   "EFFECTIVE DATE" is defined in Section 1.4.   "ENCUMBRANCE"
means any debt, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, security interest,
encumbrance, option, right of first refusal, agreement of sale, adverse
claim, easement, lien, lease, assessment, restrictive covenant, Liability,
encroachment, right-of-way, burden or charge of any kind or
nature whatsoever, legal or equitable, or any item similar or related to the
foregoing.   "ENVIRONMENT" means soil, land, surface or subsurface strata,
surface waters (including navigable waters, ocean waters, streams, ponds,
drainage basins, and wetlands), groundwaters, drinking water supply, stream
sediments, ambient air (including indoor air), plant and animal life, and any
other environmental medium or natural resource.   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW" means
any Legal Requirement that relates to the public health and safety and
protection of the Environment, including common law nuisance, property damage
and similar common law theories. The term "Environmental Law" includes: (i)
the Clean Air   33  34  Act, 42 U.S.C. Sections 7401 et seq., as amended,
(ii) the Clean Water Act, 44 U.S.C. Sections 1251 et seq., as amended, (iii)
the Rivers and Harbors Acts of 1899, 44 U.S.C. Sections 401 et seq., as
amended, (iv) the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Sections
6901 et seq., as amended, (v) Superfund, (vi) the Toxic Substances Control
Act, 15 U.S.C. Sections 2601 et seq., as amended, (vii) the Occupational
Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. Sections 651 et seq., as amended, (viii) the
Pennsylvania Hazardous Sites Cleanup Act (Act of October 18, 1988, P.L. 756,
No. 108), as amended, 45 P.S. Sections 6020.101 et seq., (ix) the
Pennsylvania Clean Streams Law (Act of June 22, 1947, P.L. 1947), as amended,
45 P.S. Sections 691.1 et seq., (x) the Pennsylvania Solid Waste Management
Act (Act of July 7, 1980, P.L. 480), as amended, 45 P.S. Sections 6018.101 et
seq., (xi) the Pennsylvania Storage Tank and Spill Prevention Act (Act of
July 6, 1989, P.L. 169), as amended, 45 P.S. Sections 6021.101 et seq., and
(xii) the Municipal Waste Planning, Recycling and Waste Reduction Act (Act of
July 28, 1988, P.L. 101), as amended, 54 P.S. Sections 4000.101 et seq.
and in each case the implementation regulations and interpretations of such
acts and regulations by applicable Governmental Bodies.   "ENVIRONMENTAL
LIABILITY" means any Damage or other Liability imposed upon or arising under
any Environmental Law, including those consisting of or relating to any: (i)
duty imposed by, breach of or noncompliance with any Environmental Law, (ii)
environmental, health or safety matters or conditions (including on-site or
off-site contamination, occupational safety and health and regulation of
Regulated Materials), (iii) Environmental Remedial Action by any Person
required by applicable Environmental Law, (iv) bodily injury
(including illness, disability and death, and regardless of when any such
bodily injury occurred, was incurred, or manifested itself), property damage
(including trespass, nuisance, wrongful eviction, and deprivation of the use
of real property), or other Damage of any other Person (including any
employee or former employee of such Person), (v) any injury to, destruction
of, or loss of natural resources, or costs of any natural resource damage
assessments, (vi) Hazardous Activity conducted by any Person, and (vii) the
presence or Release of any Regulated Material at or on any property.  
"ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIAL ACTION" means any and all actions required to (i)
clean up, remove, treat, contain or in any other way address to take remedial
action or response action of or with respect to any Regulated Materials in
the Environment, (ii) prevent the Release or threat of Release or
minimize the further Release of Regulated Materials so they do not migrate or
endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor Environment or
(iii) perform pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial
monitoring and care. The terms "removal," "remedial," and "response action,"
include the types of activities covered by Superfund.   "ERISA" means the
U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the
applicable rulings and regulations under that statute.   "FACILITY" means
any real property, leasehold, or other real property interest currently or
formerly owned, leased, controlled or operated by the Company or any
Subsidiary and any buildings, plant, structure or equipment (including motor
vehicles, tank cars, and rolling stock) currently or formerly owned, leased,
used or operated by the Company or any Subsidiary.   "FASB" means the U.S.
Financial Accounting Standards Board or its successor.   34  35  
"FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" is defined in Section 4.6(b).   "GAAP" means U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.   "GOVERNING DOCUMENTS" means,
with respect to any Person who is not a natural person, the certificate or
articles of incorporation, bylaws, deed of trust, formation or governing
agreement and other charter documents or organization or governing documents
or instruments of such Person.   "GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL" means any permit,
certificate, license, consent, waiver, franchise, privilege, approval,
exception, variance, exemption, registration, filing or authorization
required under any applicable Legal Requirements or otherwise advisable in
connection with the operation of the Business and the assets of the Company
and the Subsidiaries.   "GOVERNMENTAL BODY" means any court, government,
department, commission, board, bureau, agency, official or other regulatory,
administrative or governmental authority or instrumentality (federal, state,
local or foreign).   "HAZARDOUS ACTIVITY" means the distribution,
generation, handling, importing, management, manufacturing, processing,
production, refinement, Release, storage, transfer, transportation, treatment
or use (including any withdrawal or other use of groundwater) of Regulated
Materials in, on, under, about, or from any Facility or any part of any
Facility into the Environment, and any other act, business, operation, or
thing that increases the danger, or risk of danger, or poses a risk of harm
to persons or property on or off any Facility, or that may adversely affect
the value of any Facility or the Company or any Subsidiary.   "HSR ACT"
means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended.   "INDEMNIFIED PARTY" is defined in Section 7.5.   "INDEMNIFYING
PARTY" is defined in Section 7.5.   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" is defined in
Section 4.21.   "INTEREST" applicable to any amount means interest on such
amount until paid at an annual rate equal to the prime rate as reported by
the Wall Street Journal, plus 3%, compounded annually on the basis of a 360
day year consisting of 12 thirty-day months, such rate to change
simultaneously with changes in such prime rate.   "IRC" means the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable rulings and
regulations under that statute.   "IRS" means the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service.   "LEGAL PROCEEDING" means any action, arbitration, audit,
hearing, investigation, litigation, suit (whether civil, criminal,
administrative, investigative, or informal) or Order   35 
36  commenced, brought, conducted, or heard by or before, or otherwise
involving, any Governmental Body or arbitrator.   "LEGAL REQUIREMENT" means
any applicable federal, state, municipal, local, foreign, international,
multinational or administrative law, constitution, statute, ordinance, rule,
regulation, treaty, judgment or Order of any kind or nature whatsoever
including any public policy, judgment or principle of common law.  
"LIABILITY" with respect to any Person or any property or such Person, means
any and all debt, liability or obligation of such Person of any nature
or kind whatsoever, whether or not due or to become due, accrued, fixed,
absolute, matured, liquidated, asserted, conditional, secondary, potential,
determined, determinable or contingent and whether or not incurred directly
by such Person or by any predecessor of such Person, and whether or not
arising out of any act, omission, transaction, circumstance, sale of goods or
service, set off, recoupment, counterclaim or otherwise.   "MRV COMMON
STOCK" is defined in Section 1.2.   "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" is defined in
Section 4.22(f).   "OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH LAW" means any Legal
Requirement designed to provide safe and healthful working conditions and to
reduce occupational safety and health hazards, and any program, whether
governmental or private (including those promulgated or sponsored by industry
associations and insurance companies), designed to provide safe and healthful
working conditions.   "OPTION LIST" is defined in Section 1.5.   "ORDER"
means any award, decision, injunction, judgment, order, ruling, writ, decree,
determination, subpoena, stipulation or verdict entered, issued, made, or
rendered by any court, administrative agency, or other Governmental Body or
by any arbitrator.   "OTHER AGREEMENT" means any other agreement or document
required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on or before the Closing.  
"PARTY" OR "PARTIES" mean a party or the parties to this Agreement.   "PBGC"
means the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.   "PERSON" means and
includes a natural person, a corporation, an association, a partnership, a
limited liability company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated
organization, a business, a Governmental Body or any other legal entity.  
"POST-BALANCE SHEET LIABILITY" is defined in Section 4.7.   "PURCHASE PRICE"
is defined in Section 1.2.   36  37   "PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT" means
the post-closing adjustment to the Purchase Price set forth in Section
1.4.   "QUALIFIED PLAN" is defined in Section 4.22(d).   "REAL PROPERTY"
is defined in Section 4.17.   "RECEIVABLE" is defined in Section 4.11.  
"REGULATED MATERIAL" means any (i) hazardous substance as defined by
any Environmental Law and (ii) other material, including hazardous or toxic
or polluting substances or wastes, pollutants, contaminants, industrial
solid wastes, special wastes or any constituent of any such items, listed,
defined, designated, classified as, or otherwise determined to be,
hazardous, radioactive, or toxic or a pollutant or a contaminant under, or
otherwise regulated by, any Environmental Law. "REGULATED MATERIAL" includes
any admixture or solution of the foregoing, petroleum and all derivatives or
synthetic substitutes of the foregoing and asbestos or asbestos-containing
materials.   "RELATED PARTY" means (i) Seller, (ii) any Affiliate of Seller,
(iii) any officer or director of any Person identified in clauses (i) or
(ii) preceding, and (iv) any spouse, sibling, ancestor or lineal descendant
of any natural Person identified in any one of the preceding clauses.  
"RELEASE" means any spill, leak, emission, discharge, deposit, escape, leach,
dump or other release into the Environment, whether intentional
or unintentional, of any Regulated Material.   "REQUIRED AUTHORIZATION"
means any registration, filing, declaration, application or notice to or with
any Person and any consent, approval, permit, qualification, waiver, waiting
period, authorization, Order or action of or by any Person.   "SECURITY
RIGHT" with respect to any security, means any option, warrant, subscription
right, preemptive right, right to convert or exchange, other right, proxy,
put, call, demand, plan, commitment, agreement, understanding or arrangement
of any kind relating to such security, whether issued or unissued, or any
other security convertible into or exchangeable for any such security.
"Security Right" includes convertible or exchangeable debt or equity
securities and any right relating to issuance, sale, assignment, transfer,
purchase, redemption, conversion, exchange, registration or voting
and includes rights conferred by statute, by the issuer\'s Governing
Documents or by Contract.   "SELLERS" means those individuals set forth in
Exhibit A hereto.   "SELLER DAMAGE" is defined in Section 7.3.   "SELLER
INDEMNITEE" is defined in Section 7.3.   "SELLING GROUP" means a member,
whether past or present, of Seller\'s affiliated group of corporations within
the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the IRC.   37  38   "SHARES" is
defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.   "SIGNIFICANT
SELLER" is defined in Article IV.   "STOCKHOLDERS\' EQUITY OF THE COMPANY"
is defined in Section 1.4.   "SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity in which the Company owns,
directly or indirectly, more than 20% of the outstanding voting securities or
equity interests.   "SUPERFUND" means the Comprehensive Environmental
Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C. Sections 6901 et
seq., as amended.   "TAX" means any domestic or foreign federal, state,
county or local tax, levy, impost or other charge of any kind whatsoever,
including any interest or penalty, whether disputed or not.   "TAX RETURN"
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information
return or statement relating to any Tax, including any schedule
or attachment, and including any amendment.   "YEAR 2000 COMPLIANT" means
that the applicable computer software and systems will be fully operational
without interruption in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries and will not
malfunction or create inaccuracies or errors as a result of any data which
includes dates in both the twentieth and twenty-first centuries.   8.2.
CONSTRUCTION. As used in this Agreement, unless the context otherwise
requires: (i) references to "Article" or "Section" are to an article or
section of this Agreement; (ii) all "Exhibits" and "Schedules" referred to
in this Agreement are to Exhibits and Schedules attached to this Agreement
and are incorporated into this Agreement by reference and made a part of this
Agreement; (iii) "include", "includes" and "including" are deemed to be
followed by "without limitation" whether or not they are in fact followed by
such words or words of like import; (iv) the headings of the various
articles, sections and other subdivisions of this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not modify, define or limit any of
the terms or provisions of this Agreement; (v) "knowledge" of a Person means
the actual knowledge of such Person and the knowledge that a prudent
individual could be expected to discover or otherwise become aware of in the
course of conducting a reasonably comprehensive investigation concerning the
existence of the matters addressed; and (vi) a "breach" of a representation,
warranty, covenant or obligation of this Agreement or any instrument
delivered in connection with this Agreement shall include (A) a breach or
inaccuracy of such representation or warranty, or a breach of,
or noncompliance with, such covenant or obligation, or (B) any claim by any
Person or other occurrence or circumstance that is or was inconsistent with
such representation, warranty, covenant or obligation, and the term "breach"
means any such breach, inaccuracy, breach, noncompliance, claim, occurrence
or circumstance.    38  39   ARTICLE IX.  MISCELLANEOUS   9.1. COSTS
AND EXPENSES. Each of Buyer and Seller shall pay their respective expenses,
brokers\' fees and commissions. The Company shall pay all of the pre-Closing
expenses of the Company (estimated at $10,000) and the Subsidiaries incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions,
including all accounting, legal and appraisal fees and
settlement charges.   9.2. FURTHER ASSURANCES. After Closing, without
further consideration, Sellers shall take or cause to be taken such actions
(including the execution, acknowledgment and deliver of instruments,
documents, transfers, conveyances and assurances) as Buyer may request for
the better conveying, transferring, assigning delivering the Shares to Buyer
or any of the assets used in the Business to the Company and the
Subsidiaries. In addition, Significant Sellers shall cooperate with Buyer and
take reasonable actions necessary to effect an audit by Arthur Anderson LLP
of the Company\'s financial statements for each of the years ended December
31, 1997 and 1998, such audit to be at the Buyer\'s sole cost and
expense.   9.3. NOTICES. All notices given or made in connection with
this Agreement shall be in writing. Delivery of written notices shall be
effective: (i) on the second business day after the date of mailing, if
delivered by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, (ii) upon
delivery, if sent by hand delivery, (iii) upon delivery, if sent by prepaid
courier, with a record of receipt, or (iv) on the next day after the date of
dispatch, if sent by cable, telegram, facsimile or telecopy (with a copy
simultaneously sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested). All deliveries shall be made to the following
addresses:   (i) if to Buyer, to:   MRV Communications, Inc.  20415
Nordoff Street  Chatsworth, CA 91311  Telecopy: 818-773-0906    with a
required copy to:   Kirkpatrick and Lockhart, LLP  9100 Wilshire Blvd., Suite
8E  Beverly Hills, CA 90212  Attn: Thomas J. Poletti, Esq.  Telecopy:
310-274-8357    (ii) if to Sellers, to those addresses and telecopy numbers
set forth on Exhibit A hereto:   with a required copy to:   Donald J.
Schiffer, Esq.   39  40   3636 Fifth Avenue, Suite 301  San Diego, CA
92103  Telecopy: 619-699-4857   Notices to the Company shall be addressed
in care of Seller before the Closing and in care of Buyer after the Closing.
Any party may change the address to which notice (or copies) to it shall be
addressed by giving notice of that change to the other parties in accordance
with this Section.   9.4. CURRENCY. All currency references in this
Agreement are to United States dollars.   9.5. JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF
PROCESS. Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or
based on any right arising out of, this Agreement may be brought against any
party in the courts of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, or, if
it has or can acquire jurisdiction, in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of California. Each party consents to the jurisdiction
of these courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts) in any such action
or proceeding and waives any objection to venue laid in such courts. Process
in any action or proceeding referred to in the preceding sentence may be
served on any party anywhere in the world.   9.6. OFFSET; ASSIGNMENT. Buyer
shall be entitled to offset, setoff or recoup from any amounts due to Seller
from Buyer under this Agreement or under any Other Agreement against any
obligation of Seller to Buyer under this Agreement or under any Other
Agreement. This Agreement and all the rights and powers granted by this
Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement and the rights,
interests and obligations under this Agreement may not be assigned by any
party without the prior written consent of the other parties, except that
Buyer may make such assignments to any Affiliate of Buyer provided that Buyer
remains liable under this Agreement.   9.7. CONSIDERATION; RECITALS;
GOVERNING LAW. The parties acknowledge the mutual receipt and sufficiency of
valuable consideration for the formation of the legally binding contract
represented by this Agreement. That consideration includes all of the
representations, warranties, covenants and obligations contained in this
Agreement. The recitals set forth [beginning] on page one of this Agreement
are incorporated into this Agreement and made a part of this Agreement. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws doctrines.  
9.8. SCHEDULES. The disclosures in the Schedules to this Agreement, and those
in any supplement to the Schedules, relate only to the representations
and warranties in the Section of the Agreement to which they expressly refer
and not to any other representation or warranty in this Agreement. In the
event of any inconsistency between the statements in this Agreement and those
in the Schedules, the statements in this Agreement will control.   9.9.
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER; CUMULATIVE EFFECT. To be effective, any amendment or
waiver under this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the party
against whom enforcement of the same is sought. Neither the failure of
any party to exercise any right, power or remedy provided under this
Agreement or to insist upon compliance by any other party with   40 
41  its obligations under this Agreement, nor any custom or practice of the
parties at variance with the terms of this Agreement, shall constitute a
waiver by such party of its right to exercise any such right, power or remedy
or to demand such compliance. The rights and remedies of the parties are
cumulative and not exclusive of the rights and remedies that they otherwise
might have now or hereafter at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.  
9.10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement and the
Schedules and Exhibits set forth all of the promises, covenants,
agreements, conditions and undertakings between the parties with respect to
the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous agreements and understandings, negotiations, inducements or
conditions, express or implied, oral or written, among the parties, including
the memorandum of understanding dated as of June 28, 2000 by and between the
Buyer and the Company and that Non-Disclosure Agreement dated July 3, 2000.
Except for the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 7.3 relating to Buyer
Indemnitees and Seller Indemnitees, this Agreement is not intended to confer
upon any Person other than the parties any rights or remedies under this
Agreement.   9.11. SEVERABILITY. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal
or incapable of being enforced under any applicable Legal Requirement in any
particular respect or under any particular circumstances, then, so long as
the economic or legal substance of the Contemplated Transactions is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party, (i) such term or
provision shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect in all other
respects and under all other circumstances, and (ii) all other terms,
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties shall negotiate in good
faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the
parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner so that the
Contemplated Transactions are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.  
9.12. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of
which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.    41 
42   The parties, each intending to be legally bound by this Agreement,
have executed this Agreement as of the first date identified in the first
sentence of this Agreement.   "BUYER"   MRV Communications, Inc.  a
Delaware corporation   By: /s/ Shlomo Margalit 
-----------------------------------  Title: Chairman 
-----------------------------------    "COMPANY"   Astroterra
Corporation,  a California corporation   By: /s/ Eric Korevaar 
-----------------------------------  Title: 
-----------------------------------    "SELLERS"   /s/ Eric Korevaar 
------------------------------------------  Eric Korevaar    The Liu
Family Trust   By: /s/ C.S. Liu  -----------------------------------  C.S.
Liu, Trustee   By: /s/ Emma Liu  -----------------------------------  Emma
Liu, Trustee   *  __________________________________________  Evan Y. Liu
and Donna M. Liu   *By: /s/ C.S. Liu  ----------------------------------- 
C.S. Liu, Attorney-in-fact    42   43   * 
__________________________________________  Ellen A. Liu and Sheldon
Furst   *By: /s/ C.S. Liu  -----------------------------------  C.S. Liu,
Attorney-in-fact    *  __________________________________________  Laura
H. Liu and Kenenth D. Pomerantz   *By: /s/ C.S. Liu 
-----------------------------------  C.S. Liu, Attorney-in-fact   /s/
Shiow-Hwa Lin  ------------------------------------------  Shiow-Hwa Lin  
Adaptive Broadband Corporation,  formerly named California Microwave,
Inc.   By: /s/ [signature unintelligible] 
--------------------------------------   , its EVP and CFO  -----
-----------------------------   /s/ Harel Hakakha 
------------------------------------------  Harel Hakakha   The Bible
Children\'s Trust   By: /s/ /s/ [signatures unintelligible] 
-------------------------------------  , its Trustee  -------   /s/
Prasanna Adhikari  ------------------------------------------  Prasanna
Adhikari   /s/ Isaac Kim  ------------------------------------------ 
Isaac Kim   /s/ Joseph Koontz  ------------------------------------------ 
Joseph Koontz    /s/ Carter Moursund 
------------------------------------------  Carter Moursund    43  44  
/s/ Steven Barrera  ------------------------------------------  Steven
Barrera   /s/ Penni Matsueda  ------------------------------------------ 
Penni Matsueda   /s/ Scott Leibonitz 
------------------------------------------  Scott Leibonitz    44 
45    EXHIBIT "A"   LIST OF SELLERS       Number of Shares of
Number of Shares of MRV Name, Address and Telecopy Number of Seller Company
Stock Held by Common Stock to be issued  Seller to
Seller ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
~~  Eric Korevaar* 3,259,206 491,468 The Liu Family Trust* 1,010,000
152,302 Evan Y. Liu and Donna M. Liu* 330,000 49,762 Ellen A. Liu and
Sheldon Furst* 330,000 49,762 Laura H. Liu and Kenneth D. Pomerantz* 330,000
49,762 Shiow-Hwa Lin* 1,500,000 226,191 Adaptive Broadband
Corporation, formerly named California Microwave, Inc.* 1,226,316
184,921 Harel Hakakha* 150,646 22,717 The Bible Children\'s Trust* 150,000
22,620 Prasanna Adhikari* 121,735 18,357 Isaac Kim* 116,472 17,564 Joseph
Koontz* 116,645 17,590 Carter Moursund* 116,500 17,568 Steven Barrera*
75,000 11,310 Penni Matsueda* 110,000 16,588 Scott Leibowitz* 125,000
18,850   *10343 Roselle Street  San Diego, CA 92121  Telecopy: (858)
792-8503    45  46   EXHIBIT "B"   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     46 
47    EXHIBIT "C"   ARRANGEMENT WITH WESTHILL CAPITAL CORPORATION   On
the Closing Date, the Buyer shall issue to Westhill Capital Corporation
("WCC") that number of shares of the Common Stock of Buyer equal to five
percent (5%) of the total number of MRV Shares issued to the Sellers. If any
Additional Shares are issued to the Sellers, the Buyer shall issue WCC 5%
of such Additional Shares on the date of issuance thereof. Such shares issued
to WCC shall be subject to registration further to that Registration
Rights Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit D. By the execution of this
Exhibit C each of the Buyer, the Company and WCC acknowledges that the
issuance and registration of such shares shall be instead of any fee
contemplated by that consulting agreement between WCC and the Company dated
June 9, 2000 and each party hereby acknowledges and agrees that said
consulting agreement shall be without further force and effort as of the
Closing Date (except as to portion of Section 8 thereof).   Acknowledged
and Agreed as to this Exhibit C as of the date of the Agreement.   MRV
Communications, Inc.  a Delaware corporation  By:
______________________________  Its: ____________________________  
Astroterra Corporation  a California corporation  By:
______________________________  Its: ____________________________  
Westhill Capital Corporation  a Delaware corporation  By:
______________________________  Its: ____________________________    47 
48   EXHIBIT "D"   REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT    48  49   TABLE
OF CONTENTS      ~~  Article I. The Sale and Purchase
Transaction....................................2  1.1. Sale and Purchase of
Shares..........................................2  1.2. Purchase
Price.......................................................2  1.3.
Payment..............................................................3  1.4.
Purchase Price Adjustment............................................3  1.5.
Option
Issuance......................................................3 Article II.
Closing; Conditions to Closing; Termination..........................4  2.1.
Closing..............................................................4  2.2.
Conditions Precedent to Obligation of Buyer..........................4  (a)
Representations and Warranties.............................4  (b)
Agreements.................................................4  (c)
Litigation.................................................4  (d) No Material
Adverse Change.................................4  (e) Closing
Certificate........................................5  (f) Required
Authorizations....................................5  (g) Due
Diligence..............................................5  (h) Closing
Documents..........................................5  (i)
Employees..................................................5  (j) Options and
Warrants.......................................5  2.3. Conditions Precedent
to Obligation of Seller.........................5  (a) Representations and
Warranties.............................5  (b)
Agreements.................................................6  (c)
Litigation.................................................6  (d) Closing
Certificate........................................6  (e) Required
Authorizations....................................6  (f) Closing
Documents..........................................6  (g)
Options....................................................6  2.4. Deliveries
and Proceedings at Closing................................6  (a) Deliveries
by Seller.......................................6  (b) Deliveries by
Buyer........................................7  2.5. Termination Prior to
Closing.........................................8  (a) Events of
Termination......................................8  (b) Consequences of
Termination................................8  2.6. Fulfillment of Conditions
and Agreements Prior to Closing;  Required
Authorizations..............................................9 ARTICLE III.
Certain Covenants....................................................9  3.1.
Conduct of Business Pending the Closing..............................9  (a)
Ordinary Course; Compliance................................9  (b)
Transactions...............................................9  (c) Access,
Information and Documents.........................10    i   50     
~~   3.2. Certain Tax
Matters.............................................10  (a) Tax Returns and
Payment of Taxes for Periods Through  the Closing
Date......................................10  (b)
Carrybacks............................................10  (c) Mutual
Cooperation....................................10  3.3.
Publicity.......................................................10  3.4.
Confidentiality.................................................11  3.5.
Notification; Related Party Debts...............................11  3.6.
Exclusivity.....................................................11 Article
IV. Representations and Warranties of Significant Sellers and  the
Company.....................................................11  4.1.
Organization; Qualification.....................................12  4.2.
Authorization; Enforceability...................................12  4.3. No
Violation of Laws or Agreements; Required Authorizations.....12  4.4. Shares;
Capitalization..........................................13  4.5. Subsidiaries
and Investments....................................13  4.6. Records;
Financial Information..................................14  (a)
Records...............................................14  (b) Financial
Statements..................................14  4.7. Undisclosed
Liabilities.........................................15  4.8. No
Changes......................................................15  4.9.
Taxes...........................................................16  (a) Tax
Returns; Payment..................................16  (b)
Withholding...........................................16  (c) Assessments;
Audits...................................16  (d) Other
Matters.........................................17  4.10.
Inventory.....................................................17  4.11.
Receivables...................................................17  4.12.
Condition of Assets; Title; Business..........................18  4.13. Legal
Proceedings.............................................18  4.14. Contracts;
Compliance.........................................18  4.15. Governmental
Approvals........................................19  4.16. Compliance with
Legal Requirements............................20  4.17. Real
Property.................................................20  4.18.
Transactions With Related Parties.............................21  4.19. Labor
Relations...............................................21  4.20. Products
Liability; Warranties; Insurance.....................22  4.21. Intellectual
Property Rights..................................22  (a) Identification;
Validity; Etc.........................22  (b) Patents; Trademarks;
Copyrights; Trade Secrets........23  (c)
Employees.............................................23  (d) Year 2000
Compliance..................................23     ii   51      ~~
  4.22. Employee Benefits................................................23 
(a) Company Plans............................................23  (b) Company
Group Matters; Funding...........................24  (c)
Compliance...............................................24  (d) Qualified
Plans..........................................24  (e) Defined Benefit
Plans....................................24  (f) Multiemployer
Plans......................................25  (g) Prohibited Transactions;
Fiduciary Duties;  Post-Retirement
Benefits.................................25  4.23. Environmental
Matters............................................25  (a) Compliance; No
Liability.................................25  (b) Treatment;
CERCLIS.......................................25  (c) Notices; Existing
Claims; Certain Regulated Materials;  Storage
Tanks............................................26  (d) Reports.
The............................................26  4.24. Certain
Payments.................................................26  4.25. Customer
Relations...............................................27  4.26.
Finders\'Fees; No Existing Discussions............................27  4.27.
Disclosure.......................................................27 Article
V. Representations and Warranties of Sellers........................27  5.1.
Authorization....................................................27  5.2.
Investment.......................................................28  5.3.
Experience.......................................................28  5.4.
Transfer or Resale...............................................28  5.5.
Legend...........................................................28 Article
VI. Representations and Warranties of Buyer..........................29  6.1.
Organization.....................................................29  6.2.
Authorization; Enforceability....................................29  6.3. No
Violation of Laws or Agreements; Required Authorizations......29  6.4.
Registration.....................................................29  6.5.
Finders\'Fees.....................................................29 Article
VII. Survival Of Representations; Indemnification.....................30 
7.1. Survival of Representations......................................30 
7.2. Indemnification by Seller........................................30 
7.3. Indemnification by Buyer.........................................31 
7.4. Notice of Claims.................................................31 
7.5. Third-Party Claims...............................................32   
iii   52      ~~  Article VIII. Definitions;
Construction.............................32  8.1.
Definitions...........................................32  8.2.
Construction..........................................39 Article IX.
Miscellaneous.........................................39  9.1. Costs and
Expenses....................................39  9.2. Further
Assurances....................................39  9.3.
Notices...............................................39  9.4.
Currency..............................................40  9.5. Jurisdiction;
Service of Process......................40  9.6. Offset;
Assignment....................................41  9.7. Consideration;
Recitals; Governing Law................41  9.8.
Schedules.............................................41  9.9. Amendment and
Waiver; Cumulative Effect...............41  9.10. Entire Agreement; No Third-
Party Beneficiaries........41  9.11.
Severability..........................................41  9.12.
Counterparts..........................................42    Exhibits  
Exhibit A - List of Sellers  Exhibit B - Financial Statements  Exhibit C -
Arrangement with Westhill Capital Corporation  Exhibit D - Registration
Rights Agreement    iv   '

