 EXHIBIT 10.1    Execution Copy  
GUARANTEE    This GUARANTEE (this "GUARANTEE"), dated as of December 23,
2005, is entered into by and among Tommy Hilfiger Corporation, a company
incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (the "COMPANY"),
and Apax Europe VI A, L.P. ("FUND A") and Apax Europe VI-1, L.P. ("FUND 1"
and, together with Fund A, the "GUARANTOR"). Capitalized terms used herein
without definition have the meanings given to them in the Merger Agreement
(as defined below).    RECITALS    WHEREAS, concurrently with the
execution and delivery of this Guarantee, the Company, BMD Venture Capital
B.V., a Netherlands limited liability company ("PARENT") and Elmira (BVI)
Unlimited, an unlimited company organized under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER SUB"),
are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date
hereof (the "MERGER AGREEMENT"), providing for the Merger of Merger Sub with
and into the Company upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
therein;    WHEREAS, Parent is an Affiliate of the Guarantor; and   
WHEREAS, in order to induce the Company to enter into the Merger Agreement,
the Guarantor has agreed to enter into this Guarantee;    NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing premises and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Company and the Guarantor hereby agree as follows:    1. GUARANTEE. The
Guarantor hereby absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to
the Company the prompt and complete payment and performance of Parent\'s and
Merger Sub\'s obligations to the Company arising (i) under the Merger
Agreement in the event of an intentional breach by Parent or Merger Sub of
such obligations or (ii) under Section 7.2(e) of the Merger Agreement (the
"GUARANTEED OBLIGATIONS"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the maximum aggregate
liability of the Guarantor hereunder, when taken together with all amounts
paid by Parent or Merger Sub to the Company with respect to all
claims pursuant to or in connection with the Merger Agreement (including
pursuant to Section 7.2(e) thereof), shall not exceed the amount of fifty
million dollars (US$ 50,000,000) (the "MAXIMUM AMOUNT"). The Company hereby
agrees that in no event shall the Guarantor be required to pay to any Person
under, in respect of, or in connection with this Guarantee, when taken
together with all amounts paid by Parent or Merger Sub to the Company with
respect to all claims pursuant to or in connection   with the Merger
Agreement (including pursuant to Section 7.2(e) thereof), more than the
Maximum Amount, and that Guarantor shall not have any obligation or liability
to any Person relating to, arising out of or in connection with,
this Guarantee other than as expressly set forth herein. Fund A and Fund 1
shall be jointly and severally responsible for the Guaranteed Obligations and
any obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee.    2. TERMS OF
GUARANTEE.    (a) This Guarantee is one of payment, not collection, and a
separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against the
Guarantor to enforce this Guarantee, irrespective of whether any action is
brought against Parent or Merger Sub or whether Parent or Merger Sub is
joined in any such action or actions. The Company shall not be obligated to
file any claim relating to the Guaranteed Obligations in the event that
Parent and/or Merger Sub becomes subject to a bankruptcy, reorganization or
similar proceeding, and the failure of the Company to so file shall not
affect the Guarantor\'s obligations hereunder. In the event that any payment
to the Company in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must
otherwise be returned for any reason whatsoever, the Guarantor shall remain
liable hereunder with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations as if such
payment had not been made.    (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Guarantee, the Company hereby agrees that the Guarantor may assert, as a
defense to any payment or performance by such Guarantor under this Guarantee,
any defense that Parent or Merger Sub could assert against the Company under
the terms of the Merger Agreement.    3. CHANGES IN OBLIGATIONS, CERTAIN
WAIVERS.    (a) The Guarantor agrees that the Company may at any time and
from time to time, without notice to or further consent of the Guarantor,
extend the time of payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations (provided
that the foregoing shall be subject to the consent of Parent and Merger Sub
to the extent such extension involves an amendment of the Merger Agreement),
and may also make any agreement with Parent or Merger Sub, for the extension,
renewal, payment, compromise, discharge or release thereof, in whole or in
part, or for any modification of the terms thereof or of any agreement
between the Company and Parent and/or Merger Sub without in any way impairing
or affecting the Guarantor\'s obligations under this Guarantee. The Guarantor
agrees that the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall not be released
or discharged, in whole or in part, or otherwise affected by (a) the failure
(or delay) of the Company to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any
right or remedy against Parent or Merger Sub; (b) any change in the time,
place or manner of payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any
rescission, waiver, compromise, consolidation or other amendment or
modification of any of the terms or provisions of the Merger Agreement or any
other agreement evidencing, securing or otherwise executed in connection with
any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (c) the addition, substitution or release
of any entity or other person interested in the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement; (d) any change in the corporate existence, structure or
ownership of   2   Parent or Merger Sub; (e) any insolvency, bankruptcy,
reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting Parent or Merger Sub;
(f) the existence of any claim, set-off or other right which the Guarantor
may have at any time against Parent or Merger Sub or the Company, whether in
connection with the Obligations or otherwise; or (g) the adequacy of any
other means the Company may have of obtaining payment of any of the
Guaranteed Obligations. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Guarantor
hereby expressly waives any and all rights or defenses arising by reason of
any law which would otherwise require any election of remedies by the
Company. The Guarantor waives promptness, diligence, notice of the acceptance
of this Guarantee and of the Guaranteed Obligations, presentment, demand for
payment, notice of non-performance, default, dishonor and protest, notice of
any Guaranteed Obligations incurred and all other notices of any kind, all
defenses which may be available by virtue of any valuation, stay, moratorium
law or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, any right to require the
marshalling of assets of Parent or Merger Sub, and all suretyship defenses
generally. The Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct
and indirect benefits from the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement and that the waivers set forth in this Guarantee are
knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.    (b) The Guarantor
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees not to exercise any rights that
it may now have or hereafter acquire against Parent or Merger Sub, and Fund A
and Fund 1 hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agree not to exercise any
rights that they may now have or hereafter acquire against each other, in
each case that arise from the existence, payment, performance, or enforcement
of the Guarantor\'s obligations under or in respect of this Guarantee or any
other agreement in connection therewith, including, without limitation, any
right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution
or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of
the Company against Parent and/or Merger Sub, whether or not such claim,
remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law,
including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from Parent
and/or Merger Sub, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by
set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim,
remedy or right, unless and until all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all
other amounts payable under this Guarantee shall have been paid in full in
cash. If any amount shall be paid to the Guarantor in violation of the
immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the payment in full in
cash of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this
Guarantee, such amount shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of
the Company, shall be segregated from other property and funds of the
Guarantor and shall forthwith be paid or delivered to the Company in the same
form as so received (with any necessary endorsement or assignment) to be
credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts
payable under this Guarantee, in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement, whether matured or unmatured, or to be held as collateral for any
Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable under this
Guarantee thereafter arising.    4. SOLE REMEDY.    (a) The Company
hereby acknowledges and agrees that each of Parent and Merger Sub have no
assets as of the date hereof, and that the Company shall not have any right
to cause  3   any monies to be contributed to Parent or Merger Sub by any
current, former or prospective stockholder of Parent, Merger Sub or Guarantor
or any of their respective Affiliates or any current, former or prospective
officer, director, employee, general or limited partner, member or investor
of the foregoing.    (b) The Company hereby agrees that, except in the case
of fraud by the Guarantor, no Person other than the Guarantor shall have any
obligation or liability arising out of, in connection with or relating to
this Guarantee and that, except in the case of fraud by the Guarantor,
neither the Company nor any other Person shall have any remedy, recourse or
right of recovery hereunder against any current, former or prospective
stockholder of Parent, Merger Sub or Guarantor or any of their respective
Affiliates (other than Guarantor) or any current, former or prospective
officer, director, employee, general or limited partner, member or investor
of the foregoing (including of Guarantor), whether through Guarantor or
otherwise, by or through attempted piercing of the corporate veil, by or
through a claim by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub against Guarantor or
against any current, former or prospective stockholder of Guarantor or any of
its Affiliates or any current, former or prospective officer, director,
employee, general or limited partner, member or investor of the foregoing or
otherwise.    (c) Except in the case of fraud by the Guarantor, recourse by
the Company against the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be the sole and
exclusive remedy of the Company against the Guarantor or any of its
Affiliates (other than Parent and Merger Sub) in respect of any liabilities
or obligations arising under, or in connection with, the Merger Agreement or
the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company hereby covenants and
agrees that, except in the case of fraud by the Guarantor, it shall not
institute, and shall cause its Affiliates not to institute, any proceeding or
bring any other claim arising under, or in connection with, the Merger
Agreement (including by reason of the Financing Commitment related to the
Equity Financing) or the transactions contemplated thereby, against the
Guarantor or any of its Affiliates (other than Parent and Merger Sub), except
for claims by the Company against the Guarantor under this Guarantee. Nothing
set forth in this Guarantee shall affect or be construed to affect any
liability of Parent or Merger Sub to the Company or shall confer or give, or
shall be construed to confer or give, to any Person other than the Company
(including any Person acting in a representative capacity) any rights or
remedies against any Person in respect of or relating to any obligation or
liability of the Guarantor arising out of, in connection with or relating to
this Guarantee.    (d) Except in the case of fraud by the Guarantor, the
Company acknowledges and agrees that neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall have
any liability to the Company in respect of any claims for monetary damages
that the Company may bring against Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to or in
connection with the Merger Agreement or this Guarantee that are in an
aggregate amount, together with all other such claims that have been brought
by the Company against and paid by Parent and/or Merger Sub, all amounts paid
by Parent pursuant to Section 7.2(e) of the Merger Agreement and all amounts
paid pursuant to this Guarantee, in excess of the Maximum Amount, and that if
the payment to the Company of any judgment for monetary damages, when taken
together with any amounts paid by Parent pursuant to Section 7.2(e) of the
Merger Agreement and any amounts paid pursuant to this Guarantee, would cause
the Maximum   4    Amount to be exceeded, such judgment shall be paid
only in such portion as would not cause the Maximum Amount to be
exceeded.    5. TERMINATION. This Guarantee shall terminate at the
Effective Time. In the event that the Company or any of its Affiliates
asserts in any litigation relating to this Guarantee that the provisions of
Section 1 hereof limiting the maximum aggregate liability of the Guarantors
to the Maximum Amount or the provisions of Section 4 hereof are illegal,
invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the obligations of the
Guarantor under this Guarantee shall terminate forthwith and shall thereupon
be null and void; PROVIDED, however, that if the Guarantor asserts in any
litigation or other proceeding that this Guarantee is illegal, invalid or
unenforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or
other similar laws affecting creditors\' rights generally, and general
equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or
at law), then, to the extent the Company prevails in such litigation or
proceeding, the Guarantor shall pay on demand all reasonable fees and out of
pocket expenses of the Company in connection with such litigation or
proceeding.    6. CONTINUING GUARANTEE. Unless terminated pursuant to the
provisions of Section 5 hereof, this Guarantee is a continuing one and shall
remain in full force and effect until the indefeasible payment and
satisfaction in full of the Guaranteed Obligations, and shall be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and
their respective successors and permitted transferees and assigns.    7.
REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF GUARANTOR.    (i) ORGANIZATION;
AUTHORIZATION. Guarantor is a legal entity duly  organized and validly
existing and in good standing under the  Laws of its jurisdiction of
organization. The execution and  delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the  transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly  authorized by all necessary action of Guarantor, and no other 
action or proceedings are necessary to authorize this Agreement  or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. This  Guarantee has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by  Guarantor and this Guarantee
constitutes a legal, valid and  binding obligation of Guarantor enforceable
against Guarantor in  accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be  limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or  other similar Laws affecting creditors\' rights generally
and by  general equitable principles.    (ii) NO CONFLICT. The execution
and delivery by Guarantor of this  Guarantee does not, and the consummation
of the transactions  contemplated hereby, and compliance with the provisions
hereof  will not (i) result in any violation of, or default (with or 
without notice or lapse of time, or both)    5   under, or give rise to a
right of termination, cancellation or  acceleration of any obligation under
any Contract to which  Guarantor is a party or by which Guarantor is bound or
result in  the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of,  (ii) conflict with or result in any violation of any provision of  the
organizational documents of Guarantor or (iii) conflict with  or violate any
Laws or Orders applicable to Guarantor, other  than, in the case of clauses
(i) and (iii), any such violation,  conflict, default, termination,
cancellation, acceleration, Lien  or other circumstance that would not
prevent or materially delay  Guarantor from performing its obligations under
this Guarantee or  taking any action necessary to consummate the
transactions  contemplated hereby.    (iii) CAPACITY. The Guarantor has
the financial capacity to pay and  perform its obligations under this
Guarantee, and all funds  necessary for the Guarantor to fulfill its
obligations under  this Guarantee shall be available to the Guarantor for so
long  as this Guarantee shall remain in effect.    8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
This Guarantee constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all other
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the
parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and
thereof and except for the right of the Company, on behalf of
its shareholders, to pursue damages (subject to Section 8.11 of the
Merger Agreement) in the event of Parent\'s or Merger Sub\'s intentional
breach of the Merger Agreement, which right is hereby acknowledged and agreed
by Guarantor, this Agreement is not intended to and shall not confer upon any
person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.   
9. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. No amendment or waiver of any provision of
this Guarantee shall be valid and binding unless it is in writing and signed,
in the case of an amendment, by the Guarantor and the Company, or in the case
of waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is sought to be enforced. No
waiver by a party of any breach or violation of, or default under, this
Guarantee shall be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent breach,
violation or default hereunder or to affect in any way any rights arising by
virtue of any such prior or subsequent occurrence. No delay or omission by
any party in exercising any right, power or remedy under this Guarantee (nor
any partial exercise of the same) shall operate as a waiver thereof. Each and
every right, remedy and power hereby granted to the Company or allowed it by
law or other agreement shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any other,
and may be exercised by the Company at any time or from time to time.   
10. COUNTERPARTS. This Guarantee may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of
which together will constitute one and the same instrument. This Guarantee
shall become effective when duly executed by each party hereto.   6    
11. NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered
personally or sent by telecopy or telex, overnight courier service or by
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), to
the respective parties at the following addresses or at such addresses as
shall be specified by the parties by like notice:    (a) If to the
Guarantor:   Apax Europe VI A, L.P.  13-15 Victoria Road  St. Peter
Port,  Guernsey, Channel Islands   and   Apax Europe VI-1, L.P.  13-15
Victoria Road  St. Peter Port  Guernsey, Channel Islands    with a copy
to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP  Four Times Square  New
York, New York  Telecopy: (212) 735-2000  Attention: Lou R. Kling  Howard
L. Ellin   and   Clifford Chance U.S. LP  31 West 52nd Street  New York,
New York 10019  Telecopy: (212) 878-8375  Attention: Brian Hoffmann   
(b) If to the Company:   Tommy Hilfiger Corporation  9/F, Novel Industrial
Building  850-870 Lai Chi Kok Road  Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon  Hong Kong  
7    Telecopy: (212) 549-6125  Attention: Nancy T.Y. Shum   with copies
to:   Tommy Hilfiger USA, Inc.  25 West 39th Street  New York, New York
10018  Telecopy: (212) 549-6125  Attention: James Gallagher, Esq.   with
copies to:   Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz  51 West 52nd Street  New
York, New York 10019  Telecopy: (212) 403-2000  Attention: Eric S.
Robinson    12. GOVERNING LAW. This Guarantee shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts
of laws thereof, except to the extent that mandatory provisions of federal
law apply.    13. JURISDICTION AND VENUE; SERVICE OF PROCESS. Each of the
parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with
respect to this Guarantee and the rights and obligations arising hereunder,
or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this
Guarantee and the rights and obligations arising hereunder brought by the
other party hereto or its successors or assigns shall be brought and
determined exclusively in a federal court (or if not able to be brought in
such court, in a state court) located in the Borough of Manhattan, City of
New York. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submits with regard
to any such action or proceeding for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, to the personal jurisdiction of the aforesaid
courts and agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this
Guarantee or any of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee in any
court other than the aforesaid courts. Each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense,
counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect to this
Guarantee, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason other than the
failure to serve in accordance with this Section 13, (b) any claim that it or
its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from
any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of
notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of
judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (c) to the fullest extent
permitted by the applicable Law, any claim that (i) the suit, action or
proceeding in such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue
of such suit, action or proceeding is improper or (iii) this Guarantee, or
the subject mater hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each of
the parties hereto agrees that a final    8   judgment in any such
action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other
jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.
Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in any
such action or proceeding in the manner provided for notices in Section 11 of
this Guarantee; PROVIDED, however, that nothing in this Guarantee shall
affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other
manner permitted by law.    14. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS
GUARANTEE IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND
THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT NOT
PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTEE AND ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
SUCH WAIVER, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH
WAVER, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO
ENTER INTO THIS GUARANTEE BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER AND
CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 14.    15. SEVERABILITY. Any term
or provision of this Guarantee that is invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of
such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or
unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Guarantee or
affecting the validity or enforceability of any terms or provisions of this
Guarantee in any other jurisdiction so long as the economic or
legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in
any manner adverse to any party; PROVIDED, however, that this Guarantee may
not be enforced without giving effect to the limitation of the amount payable
hereunder to the Maximum Amount provided in Section 1 hereof and to the
provisions of Sections 3 and 4 hereof. No party hereto shall assert, and each
party shall cause its respective Affiliates not to assert, that this
Guarantee or any part hereof is invalid, illegal or unenforceable.    16.
HEADINGS. Headings are used for reference purposes only and do not affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Guarantee.    17. PARTIES IN INTEREST.
This Guarantee shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each
party hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and
nothing in this Guarantee, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer
upon any other Person any rights, benefits or remedies of any nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Guarantee.   9     18. NO
ASSIGNMENT. The Guarantor may not assign its rights, interests or obligations
hereunder to any other person (except by operation of law) without the prior
written consent of the Company.   [Signatures follow on next page]   
10    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed and delivered
this Guarantee as of the date first above written.     /s/ Peter
Englander /s/ Paul Fitzsimons  ------------------------------------------ 
Name: Peter Englander Name: Paul Fitzsimons  Title: Director Title:
Director   Apax Partners Europe Managers Ltd.  acting in its capacity as
manager of  Apax Europe VI-1, L.P.     /s/ Peter Englander /s/ Paul
Fitzsimons  -----------------------------------------  Name: Peter Englander
Name: Paul Fitzsimons  Title: Director Title: Director   Apax Partners
Europe Managers Ltd.  acting in its capacity as manager of  Apax Europe
VI-A, L.P.           Tommy Hilfiger Corporation    By. /s/ David
F. Dyer  ----------------------------  Name: David F. Dyer  Title: Chief
Executive Officer and President         '

