 EXHIBIT 10.2 - GUARANTEE    Exhibit
10.2  ------------     GUARANTEE, dated as of June 29, 2001, made by
AIHL-TH Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation (the "GUARANTOR"), in
favor of Tommy Hilfiger Corporation, a British Virgin Islands corporation
("PARENT"), and Tommy Hilfiger (Eastern Hemisphere) Limited, a British Virgin
Islands corporation ("THEH"). Parent and THEH are individually referred to
herein as a "BUYER PARTY" and together as the "BUYER PARTIES."    W I T N
E S S E T H:  --------------------    WHEREAS, TH Europe Holdings Limited,
a British Virgin Islands corporation ("SELLER"), and T.H. International N.V.,
a corporation organized under the laws of the Netherlands Antilles ("TH
INTERNATIONAL"), are direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Guarantor;
and   WHEREAS, simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Guarantee, the Buyer Parties will enter into a Stock Purchase Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof (as amended from time to time, the "STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT"), with Seller, pursuant to which Seller will sell to
THEH, and THEH will purchase from Seller, all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of TH International.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises herein and to induce the Buyer Parties to enter
into the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Guarantor hereby agrees with the Buyer
Parties as follows:   1. DEFINED TERMS. Unless otherwise defined herein,
terms which are defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement and used herein are
so used as so defined.   2. GUARANTEE. The Guarantor hereby unconditionally
and irrevocably guarantees to the Buyer Parties the prompt and complete
payment and performance of all obligations of the Seller in the Stock
Purchase Agreement. The Guarantor further agrees to pay any and all
reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, all fees and
disbursements of counsel) which may be paid or incurred by the Buyer Parties
in enforcing any of their rights under this Guarantee.   No payment or
payments made by the Seller or any other person or received or collected by
any Buyer Party from the Seller or any other Person by virtue of any action
or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application, at any time or
from time to time, in reduction of or in payment of the
obligations guaranteed hereunder shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release
or otherwise affect the liability of the Guarantor hereunder which shall,
notwithstanding any such payment or payments, remain liable hereunder.   3.
NO SUBROGATION, CONTRIBUTION, REIMBURSEMENT OR INDEMNITY. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, the Guarantor hereby irrevocably
waives all rights which may have arisen in connection with this Guarantee to
be subrogated to any of the rights of any Buyer Party against the Seller for
the payment of the obligations guaranteed hereunder. The Guarantor hereby
further irrevocably waives all contractual, common law, statutory or other
rights of reimbursement, contribution, exoneration or indemnity (or
any similar right) from or against the Seller or any other Person which may
have arisen in connection with this Guarantee.       4. AMENDMENTS,
ETC. WITH RESPECT TO THE OBLIGATIONS. The Guarantor shall remain obligated
hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against the
Guarantor, and without notice to or further assent by the Guarantor, any
demand for payment of any of the obligations made by any Buyer Party may be
rescinded by such Buyer Party, and any of the obligations guaranteed
hereunder continued, and the obligations guaranteed hereunder, or
the liability of any other party upon or for any part thereof, or guarantee
therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in
whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated,
compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Buyer Parties, and the
Stock Purchase Agreement may be amended, modified, supplemented or
terminated, in whole or in part, as the Buyer Parties may deem advisable from
time to time, and any guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the
Buyer Parties for the payment of the obligations guaranteed hereunder may be
sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released.   5. GUARANTEE ABSOLUTE
AND UNCONDITIONAL. The Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation,
renewal, extension or accrual of any of the obligations guaranteed hereunder
and notice of or proof of reliance by any Buyer Party upon this Guarantee or
acceptance of this Guarantee; the obligations guaranteed hereunder, and any
of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or
incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee; and all dealings between the Seller
or the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Buyer Parties, on the other, shall
likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance
upon this Guarantee. The Guarantor waives diligence, presentment, protest,
demand for payment and notice of nonpayment to or upon the Seller or the
Guarantor with respect to the obligations guaranteed hereunder.
This Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and
unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to (a) the validity or
enforceability of the Stock Purchase Agreement or any documents delivered
pursuant thereto, any of the obligations guaranteed hereunder or any
guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to
time held by the Buyer Parties, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim
(other than a defense of payment or performance) which may at any time be
available to or be asserted by the Seller against any of the Buyer Parties,
or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or
knowledge of the Seller or the Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be
construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Seller for
the obligations guaranteed hereunder, or of the Guarantor under this
Guarantee, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When pursuing their rights
and remedies hereunder against the Guarantor, the Buyer Parties may, but
shall be under no obligation to, pursue such rights and remedies as they may
have against the Seller or any other Person or against any guarantee for the
obligations guaranteed hereunder or any right to offset with respect thereto,
and any failure by the Buyer Parties to pursue such other rights or remedies
or to collect any payments from the Seller or any such other Person or to
realize upon any such guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or
any release of the Seller or any such other Person or any such guarantee or
right of offset, shall not relieve the Guarantor of any liability hereunder,
and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express,
implied or available as a matter of law, of any Buyer Party against
the Guarantor.   6. REINSTATEMENT. This Guarantee shall continue to be
effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or
any part thereof, of any of the obligations guaranteed is rescinded or must
otherwise be restored or returned by any Buyer Party upon the insolvency,
bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Seller or
upon      -2-      or as a result of the appointment of a receiver,
intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Seller
or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such
payments had not been made.   7. PAYMENTS. The Guarantor hereby agrees that
the obligations will be paid to the Buyer Parties without set-off or
counterclaim in United States Dollars to an account designated by Parent.  
8. LIMITATION ON GUARANTEE. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Guarantor shall not be required to make payments under this Guarantee in
excess of $200,000,000.   9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Guarantor
represents and warrants that:   (a) the Guarantor is a corporation duly
incorporated under the laws  of the British Virgin Islands and has the
corporate power and  authority and the legal right to own and operate its
property, to  lease the property it operates and to conduct the business in 
which it is currently engaged;   (b) the Guarantor has full power and
authority to enter into and  perform this Guarantee, which has been duly
authorized by all  necessary corporate action;   (c) this Guarantee
constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation  of the Guarantor
enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance  with its terms; and   (d)
the execution and delivery of this Guarantee by Guarantor (i)  will not
violate or require any consent, approval, filing or  notice under any
provision of any law, rule, statute or  regulation or order, judgment, writ,
injunction or decree of any  court or Governmental Authority applicable to
the Guarantor, and  (ii) will not conflict with, or result in the breach or 
termination of any provision of, or constitute a default under,  or result in
the acceleration of the performance of the  obligations of the Guarantor
under, or result in the creation of  a lien, pledge, security interest,
charge or encumbrance upon any  of the properties or assets of the Guarantor
pursuant to, the  organizational and governing documents of Guarantor, or
any  indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, contract, instrument  or
other agreement to which Guarantor is a party or by which  Guarantor or any
of its properties or assets is bound.   10. SEVERABILITY. Any provision of
this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such
prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction
shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction.   11. NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. No Buyer Party shall by
any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 12 hereof),
delay, indulgence, omission or      -3-      otherwise be deemed
to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or any breach of any of the
terms and conditions hereof. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in
exercising, on the part of any Buyer Party, any right, power or
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial
exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. A waiver by any Buyer Party of any right or remedy hereunder on
any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which
such Buyer Party would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and
remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or
concurrently and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
law.   12. WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS; SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. None of the terms
or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified except by a written instrument executed by the Guarantor
and the Buyer Parties, PROVIDED that any provision of this Guarantee may be
waived by the Buyer Parties in a letter or agreement executed by the Buyer
Parties or by telex or facsimile transmission from the Buyer Parties to
Guarantor. Guarantor may assign its obligations hereunder (whether by
operation of law or otherwise) only with the consent of Parent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld. This Guarantee shall be binding upon the
successors and assigns of the Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the
Buyer Parties and their respective successors and assigns.   13. NOTICES.
Notices by the Buyer Parties to the Guarantor given hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, mailed by
registered mail, return receipt requested, sent by documented
overnight delivery service or, to the extent receipt is confirmed, by
telecopy, telefax or other electronic transmission service to the Guarantor
at the following address:   AIHL-TH Limited  c/o Novel Enterprises
Limited  12/F, Novel Industrial Building  850-870 Lai Chi Kok Road  Cheung
Sha Wan, Kowloon  Hong Kong  Attn: Lawrence Lok  Telecopier No.:
852-2310-1841   with a copy to :   Simpson Thacher and Bartlett 
Citypoint  1 Ropemaker Street  London EC2Y 9HU  England  Attn: William R.
Dougherty, Esq.  Telecopier No.: 44-20-7275-6502  The Guarantor may change
its address and transmission number by written notice to Parent.     
-4-       14. GOVERNING LAW. This Guarantee and all disputes,
controversies or claims arising out of or related to this Guarantee or a
breach hereof shall be governed in all respects, including validity,
interpretation and effect, by the laws of the State of New York as applied to
contracts to be performed in New York.   15. JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF TRIAL
BY JURY. Guarantor hereby consents to the jurisdiction of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York and any of the courts of
the state of New York in any dispute arising under this Guarantee and agrees
further that service of process or notice in any such action, suit or
proceeding shall be effective if in writing and delivered in person or sent
as provided in Section 13 hereof. ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO
ANY CLAIM OR ACTION ARISING OUT OF THIS GUARANTEE OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH
IS HEREBY WAIVED.             -5-       IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered
as of the date first above written.   AIHL-TH LIMITED     By: /s/ Silas
K.F. Chou  -------------------------------  Name: Silas K.F. Chou  Title:
Co-Chairman of the Board             -6-   '

