 NSD BANCORP, INC. EXHIBIT 2.1   Exhibit
2.1     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BETWEEN   F.N.B.
CORPORATION   AND   NSD BANCORP, INC.    October 14, 2004      
TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page  ---- ARTICLE I CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS........................................... 1  1.01 Certain
Definitions................................................ 1 ARTICLE II THE
MERGER.................................................... 9  2.01 The
Merger......................................................... 9  2.02
Effective Date and Effective Time; Closing.........................
10 ARTICLE III MERGER CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE PROCEDURES.....................
11  3.01 Conversion of Shares...............................................
11  3.02 Fractional Shares..................................................
11  3.03 Exchange Procedures................................................
12  3.04 Adjustments for Dilution and Other Matters.........................
14  3.05 Withholding Rights.................................................
14  3.06 NSD Options........................................................
14  3.07 Bank Merger........................................................
15 ARTICLE IV ACTIONS PENDING CLOSING.......................................
15  4.01 Forbearances of NSD................................................
15  4.02 Forbearances of Parent.............................................
20 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................
20  5.01 Disclosure Schedules...............................................
20  5.02 Standard 21  5.03 Representations and Warranties of
NSD.............................. 21  5.04 Representations and Warranties of
Parent........................... 36 ARTICLE VI
COVENANTS..................................................... 42  6.01
Reasonable Best Efforts............................................ 42  6.02
Stockholder Meeting................................................ 42  6.03
Registration Statement............................................. 42  6.04
Regulatory Filings................................................. 44  6.05
Press Releases..................................................... 44  6.06
Access; Information................................................ 44  6.07
Affiliates......................................................... 45  6.08
Certain Actions.................................................... 46  6.09
Certain Policies................................................... 48  6.10
NYSE Listing....................................................... 49  6.11
Indemnification.................................................... 49  6.12
Benefit Plans...................................................... 50  6.13
Parent Board and Parent Bank Board................................. 52  6.14
Notification of Certain Matters.................................... 53  6.15
Regulatory Conditions.............................................. 53  6.16
Exemption From Liability Under Section 16(b)....................... 53  
(i)     6.17 Certain Post-Closing
Matters....................................... 53  6.18 Employment
Matters................................................. 54  6.19 Director
Agreements................................................ 54  6.20 Rights
Plan........................................................ 54 ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER...................... 54  7.01
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger......... 54  7.02
Conditions to Obligation of NSD.................................... 55  7.03
Conditions to Obligation of Parent.................................
56 ARTICLE VIII
TERMINATION................................................... 56  8.01
Termination........................................................ 56  8.02
Effect of Termination..............................................
59 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS.................................................
59  9.01 Survival 59  9.02 Waiver;
Amendment.................................................. 59  9.03
Counterparts....................................................... 59  9.04
Governing Law...................................................... 59  9.05
Expenses 59  9.06 Notices 60  9.07 Entire Understanding; No Third Party
Beneficiaries................. 61  9.08
Severability....................................................... 61  9.09
Enforcement........................................................ 61  9.10
Interpretation..................................................... 62  9.11
Assignment......................................................... 62  9.12
Alternative Structure..............................................
62    ANNEX A -- Form of Bank Merger
Agreement................................. A-1 ANNEX B -- Form of Affiliate
Letter...................................... B-1 ANNEX C -- Form of Voting
Agreement...................................... C-1 ANNEX D -- Form of Non-
Solicitation Agreement............................ D-1   (ii)    
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of
October 14, 2004 (this "Agreement"), between F.N.B. Corporation ("Parent")
and NSD Bancorp, Inc. ("NSD").   RECITALS   A. NSD. NSD is a Pennsylvania
corporation, having its principal place of business in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania.   B. Parent. Parent is a Florida corporation, having its
principal place of business in Hermitage, Pennsylvania.   C. Intention of
the Parties. It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the
Merger provided for herein be treated as a "reorganization" under Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and
this Agreement constitutes a "plan of reorganization" within the meaning of
Section 1.368-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations.   D. Board Action. The
respective Boards of Directors of Parent and NSD have determined that it is
in the best interests of their respective companies and their stockholders to
consummate the Merger provided for herein.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants, representations,
warranties and agreements contained herein the parties agree as follows:  
ARTICLE I   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS   1.01 Certain Definitions. The following
terms are used in this Agreement with the meanings set forth below:  
"Acquisition Proposal" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.08(e)(i).  
"Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(h).   "Affiliate
Letter" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.07.   "Agreement" means this
Agreement, as amended or modified from time to time in accordance with
Section 9.02.   "Approval Recommendation" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.02.   "Articles of Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.02(a).    1     "Average Closing Price" as of any specified date
shall mean the average composite closing price of Parent Common Stock on the
NYSE as reported in "New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions" in The
Wall Street Journal (Eastern Edition) for each of the twenty consecutive
trading days ending on and including the second such trading day prior to the
specified date rounded to the nearest whole cent.   "Bank Insurance Fund"
means the Bank Insurance Fund maintained by the FDIC.   "Bank Merger
Agreement" means the Agreement of Merger by and between Parent Bank and
NorthSide Bank, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A.   "Bank
Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.08.   "Bank Regulatory
Authority" means the Federal Reserve Board, the OCC, the FDIC, the Department
and any other state or federal bank regulatory agency charged with the
supervision or regulation of NSD, NorthSide Bank, Parent or Parent Bank or
the insurance of the deposits of NorthSide Bank or Parent Bank.   "Bank
Secrecy Act" means the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended.   "Benefit
Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m)(i).   "Break-up Fee" has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.08(f).   "Business Day" means Monday
through Friday of each week, except a legal holiday recognized as such by the
U.S. Government or any day on which banking institutions in the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania are authorized or obligated to close.   "Certificate" means
any certificate that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented
shares of NSD Common Stock.   "Change in NSD Recommendation" has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.08(b).   "Closing" and "Closing Date" have the
meanings set forth in Section 2.02(b).   "Code" has the meaning set forth
in the recitals to this Agreement.   "Community Reinvestment Act" means the
Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended.   "Confidentiality
Agreements" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.06(c).   "Department"
means the Pennsylvania Department of Banking.   "Derivatives Contract" has
the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(q).   2     "Determination Date"
means the date on which the last required Bank Regulatory Authority is
obtained with respect to the Transaction, without regard to a requisite
waiting period.   "Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.01.   "DOL" means the Department of Labor.   "DSRP Plan" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.02.   "Effective Date" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.02(a).   "Effective Time" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.02(a).   "Employment Agreement" means the Employment Agreement between
Parent Bank and Andrew W. Hasley in the form of Annex E.   "Environmental
Laws" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(o)(i).   "Equal Credit
Opportunity Act" means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, as amended.  
"Equity Investment" means (i) an Equity Security, (ii) any ownership interest
in any company or other entity, any membership interest that includes
a voting right in any company or other entity or any interest in real estate
or (iii) any investment or transaction which in substance falls into any of
these categories even though it may be structured as some other form of
investment or transaction.   "Equity Security" means any stock (other than
adjustable-rate preferred stock, money market (auction rate) preferred stock
or other instrument determined by the OCC to have the character of debt
securities), certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing
agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or
subscription, transferable share, investment contract, or voting-trust
certificate; any security convertible into such a security; any security
carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase any such security
and any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim
certificate for or receipt for any of the foregoing.   "ERISA" means the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA
Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m)(iii).   "Exchange
Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder.   "Exchange Agent" means such entity selected by
Parent to effect the exchange of NSD Common Stock for Parent Common
Stock.   3     "Exchange Fund" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.03(a).   "Exchange Ratio" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.01(a).   "Fair Housing Act" means the Fair Housing Act, as amended.  
"FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.   "Federal Reserve
Act" means the Federal Reserve Act, as amended.   "Federal Reserve Board"
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   "FLBC" means
the Florida Business Corporation Act, as amended.   "GAAP" means generally
accepted accounting principles and practices as in effect from time to time
in the United States.   "Governmental Authority" means any federal, state or
local court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental
authority or instrumentality.   "Hazardous Substance" has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.03(o)(i).   "Home Mortgage Disclosure Act" means the Home
Mortgage Disclosure Act, as amended.   "Indemnified Parties" and
"Indemnifying Party" have the meanings set forth in Section 6.11(a).  
"Index Closing Price" means the average closing price of the Nasdaq
Bank Index for each of the twenty consecutive trading days ending on and
including the second such trading day prior to the Determination Date rounded
to the nearest whole cent.   "Index Ratio" has the meaning set forth in
Section 8.01(h)(2).   "Insurance Amount" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.11(c).   "Insurance Policies" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(w).   "IRS" means the Internal Revenue Service.   "Liens" means any
charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, restriction, claim, lien or
encumbrance.   "Loans" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(q).  
"Majority Vote" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(e).   4    
"Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to Parent or NSD any
effect that (i) is material and adverse to the financial position, results
of operations or business of Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or
NSD and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as the case may be, or (ii)
would materially impair the ability of any of Parent and its Subsidiaries or
NSD and its Subsidiaries to perform their respective obligations under this
Agreement or the Bank Merger Agreement or otherwise materially impede the
consummation of the Transaction; provided, however, that Material Adverse
Effect shall not be deemed to include the impact of (a) changes after the
date hereof in banking and similar laws of general applicability or
interpretations thereof by Governmental Authorities, (b) changes after the
date hereof in GAAP or regulatory accounting requirements applicable to
banks, federal savings institutions and their holding companies generally,
(c) changes after the date hereof in general economic or market conditions
affecting banks and their holding companies generally, including changes in
interest rates, (d) public disclosure of the transactions contemplated
hereby, (e) costs incurred in connection with the Transaction including,
without limitation, change in control and severance payments, investment
banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees and printing costs, in each case in
accordance with GAAP and (f) any action or omission of NSD or Parent taken
with the prior consent of the other or as otherwise contemplated by
this Agreement in connection with the consummation of the Transaction.  
"Material Contract" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(k)(i).  
"Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a).   "Merger
Consideration" means the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock plus
cash in lieu of any fractional share interest into which shares of NSD Common
Stock shall be converted pursuant to the provisions of Article III.   "NASD"
means the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.   "National Labor
Relations Act" means the National Labor Relations Act, as amended.   "Non-
Solicitation Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(d).  
"NorthSide Bank" means NorthSide Bank, a Pennsylvania banking institution and
wholly owned subsidiary of NSD.   "NSD" has the meaning set forth in the
preamble to this Agreement.   "NSD Articles" means the Articles of
Incorporation of NSD, as amended.   "NSD Board" means the Board of Directors
of NSD.   "NSD Bylaws" means the Bylaws of NSD, as amended.   "NSD Common
Stock" means the common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of NSD.  
5     "NSD Group" means any "affiliated group", as defined in Section
1504(a) of the Code without regard to the limitations contained in Section
1504(b) of the Code, that includes NSD and its Subsidiaries or any
predecessor of or any successor to NSD, or to another such predecessor or
successor.   "NSD Insiders" means those officers, directors and 10% or
greater stockholders of NSD who are subject to the reporting requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and who are listed in the Section 16
Information.   "NSD Loan Property" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(o)(i).   "NSD Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02.  
"NSD Options" means the options to acquire NSD Common Stock issued under the
NSD Common Stock Option Plans.   "NSD Parent Designee" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.01(d).   "NSD Parent Bank Designees" has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.13(b).   "NSD Regulatory Authorities" has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.03(i)(i).   "NSD Stock Option Plans" means the NSD 2004
Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, the NSD 1994 Stock Option Plan and the NSD 1994
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan.   "NYSE" means The New York Stock
Exchange, Inc.   "OCC" means the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency.   "Option Consideration" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.07(a).   "OREO" means other real estate owned.   "Parent" has
the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Parent 2006
Annual Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.13(a).   "Parent
Articles" means the Articles of Incorporation of Parent, as amended.  
"Parent Bank" means First National Bank of Pennsylvania, a
national association and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.   "Parent Bank
Board" means the Board of Directors of Parent Bank.   "Parent Bank 2006
Annual Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.13(b).   6    
"Parent Benefit Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.12(a).  
"Parent Board" means the Board of Directors of Parent.   "Parent Common
Stock" means the common stock, $.01 par value per share, of Parent.  
"Parent Option" means an option to purchase Parent Common Stock.   "Parent
Preferred Stock" means the preferred stock, $.01 par value per share, of
Parent.   "Parent Ratio" has the meaning set forth in Section
8.01(h)(2).   "Payment Event" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.08(g).   "PBCL" means the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988,
as amended.   "Pension Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(m)(ii).   "Person" means a natural Person or any legal, commercial, or
governmental entity, such as, but not limited to, a corporation, general
partnership, joint venture, limited partnership, limited liability company,
trust, business association, group acting in concert, a common enterprise, or
any person acting in a representative capacity.   "Previously Disclosed" by
a party shall mean information set forth in a section of its Disclosure
Schedule corresponding to the section of this Agreement where such term is
used.   "Proxy Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(a).  
"Registration Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(a).  
"Representatives" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.08(a).   "Rights"
means, with respect to any Person, warrants, options, rights, convertible
securities and other arrangements or commitments that obligate the Person to
issue or dispose of any of its capital stock or other
ownership interests.   "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange
Commission.   "Section 16 Information" means information accurate in all
respects regarding the NSD Insiders, the number of shares of NSD Common Stock
held by each such NSD Insider and the number and description of the NSD
Options held by each such NSD Insider.   "Securities Act" means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   7     "Securities Documents" has the meaning set forth in
Sections 5.03(g)(i) and 5.04(g)(i) in the case of NSD and Parent,
respectively.   "Starting Date" means the trading day on the NYSE
immediately preceding the day on which the parties publicly announced the
signing of this Agreement.   "Starting Index Price" means the closing price
of the Nasdaq Bank Index on the Starting Date.   "Starting Price" means the
closing price of Parent Common Stock on the Starting Date, subject to
adjustment pursuant to Section 3.04 and rounded to the nearest whole
cent.   "Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Rule 1-02 of
Regulation S-X of the SEC.   "Superior Proposal" has the meaning set forth
in Section 6.08(e)(ii).   "Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.01(a).   "Tax" and "Taxes" mean all federal, state, local or
foreign income, gross income, gains, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,
goods and services, capital, production, transfer, franchise, windfall
profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment, disability, employer
health, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property,
environmental, custom duties, unemployment or other taxes of any kind
whatsoever, together with any interest, additions or penalties thereto and
any interest in respect of such interest and penalties.   "Tax Returns"
means any return, declaration or other report (including elections,
declarations, schedules, estimates and information returns) with respect to
any Taxes.   "Third Party" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.08(g)(v).   "Transaction" means the Merger and any other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   "Treasury Shares" means shares of NSD
Common Stock held by NSD or any of its Subsidiaries or by Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries, other than in a fiduciary, including custodial or agency,
capacity or as a result of debts previously contracted in good faith.  
8     ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   2.01 The Merger.   (a) The Merger.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time,
NSD shall merge with and into Parent in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the PBCL and the FLBC (the "Merger"), the separate corporate
existence of NSD shall cease and Parent shall survive and continue to exist
as a corporation incorporated under the FLBC (Parent, as the
surviving corporation in the Merger, sometimes being referred to herein as
the "Surviving Corporation").   (b) Name. The name of the Surviving
Corporation shall be "F.N.B. Corporation."   (c) Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws. The articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation immediately after the Merger shall be the articles of
incorporation and the bylaws of Parent as in effect immediately prior to the
Merger, in each case until thereafter amended in accordance with applicable
law.   (d) Directors and Executive Officers of the Surviving Corporation.
The directors of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Merger shall
be (i) the directors of Parent immediately prior to the Merger and (ii) one
current member of NSD\'s Board of Directors (the "NSD Parent Designee") as is
mutually agreed by Parent and NSD, each of whom shall serve until such time
as their successors shall be duly elected and qualified and as further
provided in Section 6.13(a). The executive officers of the Surviving
Corporation immediately after the Merger shall be the executive officers of
Parent immediately prior to the Merger, each of whom shall serve until such
time as their successors shall be duly elected and qualified.   (e)
Authorized Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock of the
Surviving Corporation upon consummation of the Merger shall be as set forth
in the Parent Articles immediately prior to the Merger.   (f) Effect of the
Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided
in Sections 1921 through 1932 of the PBCL and Sections 607.1101 through
607.11101 of the FLBC. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of NSD shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all
debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of NSD
shall become the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities
and duties of the Surviving Corporation.    9     (g) Additional
Actions. If, at any time after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
shall consider that any further assignments or assurances in law or any other
acts are necessary or desirable to (i) vest, perfect or confirm, of record or
otherwise, in the Surviving Corporation its right, title or interest in, to
or under any of the rights, properties or assets of NSD acquired or to be
acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with,
the Merger, or (ii) otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement, NSD,
and its proper officers and directors, shall be deemed to have granted to the
Surviving Corporation an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver
all such proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and to do all acts
necessary or proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to and possession of
such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation and
otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, and the proper
officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are fully authorized in
the name of the Surviving Corporation or otherwise to take any and all such
action.   2.02 Effective Date and Effective Time; Closing.   (a) Subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII,
other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
consummation of the Merger, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those
conditions, the parties shall cause articles of merger relating to the Merger
(the "Articles of Merger") to be filed with the Secretary of State of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania pursuant to the PBCL and the Secretary of State
of the State of Florida pursuant to the FLBC as soon as possible after
the receipt of all required approvals from Bank Regulatory Authorities on (i)
a date selected by Parent after such satisfaction or waiver that is no later
than five Business Days after such satisfaction or waiver, or (ii) such other
date to which the parties may mutually agree in writing, provided that in
either case, such date shall be no less than ten days following the NSD
Meeting. The Merger provided for herein shall become effective upon such
filings or on such date as may be specified therein. The date of such filings
or such later effective date is herein called the "Effective Date." The
"Effective Time" of the Merger shall be the time of such filings or as set
forth in such filings.   (b) A closing (the "Closing") shall take place
immediately prior to the Effective Time at 8:00 a.m., prevailing time, at the
principal offices of Parent in Hermitage, Pennsylvania, or at such other
place, at such other time, or on such other date as the parties may mutually
agree upon (such date, the "Closing Date"). At the Closing, there shall be
delivered to Parent and NSD the opinions, certificates and other documents
required to be delivered under Article VII.   10     ARTICLE III  
MERGER CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE PROCEDURES   3.01 Conversion of Shares.  
(a) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, each share of NSD
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time,
other than Treasury Shares, shall at the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger, no longer be outstanding and shall as of the Effective Time
automatically be converted into and shall thereafter only represent the right
to receive 1.8 shares of Parent Common Stock (the "Exchange Ratio").   (b)
At and after the Effective Time, each Treasury Share shall be cancelled and
retired and no shares of Parent Common Stock or other consideration shall
be issued in exchange therefor.   (c) At the Effective Time, the stock
transfer books of NSD shall be closed as to holders of NSD Common Stock
immediately prior to the Effective Time and no transfer of NSD Common Stock
by any such holder shall thereafter be made or recognized. If, after the
Effective Time, certificates are properly presented in accordance with
Section 3.03 of this Agreement to the Exchange Agent, such certificates shall
be canceled and exchanged for certificates representing the number of whole
shares of Parent Common Stock and payment for any fractional share of Parent
Common Stock without any interest thereon.   (d) At and after the Effective
Time, each share of Parent Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall remain issued and outstanding and shall not
be affected by the Merger.   3.02 Fractional Shares. Each holder of NSD
Common Stock shall have the option of enrolling the shares of Parent Common
Stock issuable to such stockholder upon the consummation of the Merger in
Parent\'s Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the "DRSP Plan").
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each holder of NSD
Common Stock who elects not to enroll in the DRSP Plan and who would
otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share of Parent Common Stock,
after taking into account all Certificates delivered by such holder, shall
receive an amount in cash, without interest, rounded to the nearest cent,
equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the Average Closing Price
determined as of the Effective Date by (b) the fraction calculated to the
nearest ten-thousandth of the share of Parent Common Stock to which such
holder would otherwise be entitled. No such holder shall be entitled to
dividends or other rights in respect of any such fractional shares. Each NSD
stockholder electing to enroll in the DRSP Plan shall be issued the shares of
Parent Common Stock issuable to such stockholder in book-entry form, with any
fractional share rounded to the third decimal place and such stockholders
shall be entitled to dividend and voting rights with respect to such
fractional shares.   11     3.03 Exchange Procedures.   (a) Not later
than three days prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, Parent shall
deposit with the Exchange Agent for the benefit of the holders of shares of
NSD Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with this Section
3.03, certificates representing the aggregate number of shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 3.01 in exchange for shares of NSD
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger and funds in an amount not less than (i) the amount of cash payable in
lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock that would otherwise be
issuable in connection with Section 3.01, but for the operation of Section
3.02 of this Agreement and (ii) the aggregate Option Consideration payable
pursuant to Section 3.06(a) (collectively, the "Exchange Fund").   (b)
After the Effective Time of the Merger, each holder of a
certificate ("Certificate") formerly representing NSD Common Stock, other
than Treasury Shares, who surrenders or has surrendered such Certificate or
customary affidavits and indemnification regarding the loss or destruction of
such Certificate, together with duly executed transmittal materials to the
Exchange Agent, shall, upon acceptance thereof, be entitled to a certificate
representing the Parent Common Stock into which the shares of NSD Common
Stock shall have been converted pursuant to Section 3.01, as well as cash in
lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock to which such holder
would otherwise be entitled, if applicable. The Exchange Agent shall accept
such Certificate upon compliance with such reasonable and customary terms and
conditions as the Exchange Agent may impose to effect an orderly exchange
thereof in accordance with normal practices. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section 3.03, each Certificate representing NSD Common
Stock shall be deemed from and after the Effective Time of the Merger to
evidence only the right to receive the consideration to which it is entitled
hereunder upon such surrender. Parent shall not be obligated to deliver the
Merger Consideration to which any former holder of NSD Common Stock is
entitled as a result of the Merger until such holder surrenders his
Certificate or Certificates for exchange as provided in this Section 3.03. If
any certificate for shares of Parent Common Stock, or any check representing
cash and/or declared but unpaid dividends, is to be issued in a name other
than that in which a Certificate surrendered for exchange is issued, the
Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper
form for transfer and the person requesting such exchange shall affix any
requisite stock transfer tax stamps to the Certificate surrendered or provide
funds for their purchase or establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange
Agent that such taxes are not payable.   (c) No dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the Effective Time of the Merger with
respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time of
the Merger shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with
respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock represented thereby, and no cash
payment in lieu of a fractional share shall be paid to any such holder
pursuant to Section 3.02, until the holder of record of such Certificate
shall surrender such Certificate. Subject to the effect of applicable laws,
following surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be paid to the
record holder of the certificates representing whole shares of Parent Common
Stock issued in exchange thereof, without interest, (i) at the time of such
surrender, the amount of any cash payable in lieu of a fractional share of
Parent Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 3.02
and the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after
the Effective Time of the Merger theretofore paid with respect to such whole
shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the
amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time of the Merger but prior to surrender and a payment
date subsequent to surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of
Parent Common Stock.   12     (d) All shares of Parent Common Stock
issued upon the surrender for exchange of shares of NSD Common Stock or the
provision of customary affidavits and indemnification for lost or mutilated
certificates in accordance with the terms hereof, including any cash paid
pursuant to Section 3.02, shall be deemed to have been issued in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of NSD Common Stock, and
there shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer
books of Parent, after the Merger, of the shares of NSD Common Stock that
were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger. If,
after the Effective Time of the Merger, Certificates are presented to Parent
for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this
Agreement.   (e) Any portion of the Exchange Fund, including any interest
thereon, that remains undistributed to the stockholders of NSD following the
passage of nine months after the Effective Time of the Merger shall be
delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any stockholders of NSD who have not
theretofore complied with this Section 3.03 shall thereafter look only to
Parent for payment of their claim for Parent Common Stock, any cash in lieu
of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock and any dividends or
distributions with respect to Parent Common Stock.   (f) Neither NSD nor
Parent shall be liable to any holder of shares of NSD Common Stock or Parent
Common Stock, as the case may be, for such shares, or dividends or
distributions with respect thereto, or cash from the Exchange Fund delivered
to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat
or similar law.   (g) The Exchange Agent shall not be entitled to vote or
exercise any rights of ownership with respect to the shares of Parent Common
Stock held by it from time to time hereunder, except that it shall receive
and hold all dividends or other distributions paid or distributed with
respect to such shares of Parent Common Stock for the account of the Persons
entitled thereto.   13     (h) Certificates surrendered for exchange by
any Person constituting an Affiliate of NSD for purposes of Rule 144(a) under
the Securities Act shall not be exchanged for certificates representing whole
shares of Parent Common Stock until Parent has received a written agreement
from such person as provided in Section 6.07.   3.04 Adjustments for
Dilution and Other Matters. If prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, (a)
Parent shall declare a stock dividend or distribution on Parent Common Stock
with a record date prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, or subdivide,
split up, reclassify or combine Parent Common Stock, or make a distribution
other than a regular quarterly cash dividend not in excess of $.30 per share,
on the Parent Common Stock in any security convertible into Parent Common
Stock, in each case with a record date prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger, or (b) the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock shall have been
increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different number
or kind of shares or securities, in each case as a result of a
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock
split, reverse stock split or other similar change in Parent\'s
capitalization other than a transaction in which Parent shall have received
fair, as determined by its Board of Directors, consideration for the shares
issued, then a proportionate adjustment or adjustments will be made to the
Exchange Ratio, the Starting Price and the Average Closing Price, which
adjustment or adjustments may include, as appropriate, the issuance of
securities, property or cash on the same basis as that on which any of the
foregoing shall have been issued, distributed or paid to holders of Parent
Common Stock generally.   3.05 Withholding Rights. Parent, directly or
through the Exchange Agent, shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
amounts otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares
of NSD Common Stock such amounts as Parent is required under the Code or any
state, local or foreign tax law or regulation thereunder to deduct and
withhold with respect to the making of such payment. Any amounts so withheld
shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to
the holder of NSD Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made by Parent.   3.06 NSD Options.   (a) At the Effective
Time, each vested NSD Option, which shall include NSD Options that become
vested after the date hereof through and including the Effective Date, that
is then outstanding shall cease to represent a right to acquire shares of NSD
Common Stock and shall, at the option of the holder thereof, be converted
automatically into (i) a right to receive a cash payment for each share of
NSD Common Stock subject to such NSD Option in an amount equal to the Average
Closing Price at the Effective Time times the Exchange Ratio less the per
share exercise price of such option with payment of such amount to be made to
the optionee after deducting all applicable federal and state withholding
obligations of the optionee (the "Option Consideration"), or (ii) a Parent
Option.   14     (b) Parent shall assume each unvested NSD Option, and
each vested NSD Option whose holder does not elect to receive cash as
provided in subsection (a), in accordance with the terms of the NSD Stock
Option Plans and stock option or other agreement by which it is evidenced,
except that from and after the Effective Time, (i) Parent and the
Compensation Committee of its Board of Directors shall be substituted for NSD
and the committee of the Board of Directors of NSD, including, if applicable,
the entire Board of Directors of NSD, administering such NSD Stock Option
Plans, (ii) each NSD Option assumed by Parent may be exercised solely for
shares of Parent Common Stock, (iii) the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock subject to such NSD Option shall be equal to the number of shares of
NSD Common Stock subject to such NSD Option immediately prior to the
Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, provided that any fractional
shares of Parent Common Stock resulting from such multiplication shall be
rounded down to the nearest share and (iv) the per share exercise price under
each such NSD Option shall be adjusted by dividing the per share exercise
price under each such NSD Option by the Exchange Ratio, provided that such
exercise price shall be rounded up to the nearest cent. Notwithstanding
clauses (iii) and (iv) of the preceding sentence, each NSD Option that is an
"incentive stock option" shall be adjusted as required by Section 424 of the
Code, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, so as not to constitute a
modification, extension or renewal of the option within the meaning of
Section 424(h) of the Code. Parent and NSD agree to take all necessary steps
to effect the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.06.   (c) As of the
Effective Time, Parent shall issue to each holder of an outstanding NSD
Option that has been assumed by Parent a document evidencing the conversion
and assumption of the NSD Option by Parent pursuant to this Section 3.06.  
3.07 Bank Merger. As soon as practicable after the execution of
this Agreement, NSD and Parent shall cause NorthSide Bank and Parent Bank to
enter into the Bank Merger Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as
Annex A, that provides for the merger of NorthSide Bank with and into Parent
Bank (the "Bank Merger"), in accordance with applicable laws and regulations
and the terms of the Bank Merger Agreement and as soon as practicable after
consummation of the Merger. The Bank Merger Agreement provides that the
directors of Parent Bank upon consummation of the Bank Merger shall be the
directors of Parent Bank immediately prior to the Bank Merger, plus the three
NSD Parent Bank Designees.   ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS PENDING CLOSING   4.01
Forbearances of NSD. From the date hereof until the Effective Time, except as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as
Previously Disclosed, without the prior written consent of Parent, not to be
unreasonably withheld, NSD will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries
not to:   15     (a) Ordinary Course.   (i) Conduct its business other
than in the ordinary and usual course consistent with past practice or fail
to use reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its business organization
and advantageous business relationships;   (ii) Fail to use commercially
reasonable best efforts to keep available the present services of its
employees and preserve for itself and Parent the goodwill of the customers of
NSD and its Subsidiaries and others with whom business relations exist;
and   (iii) Take any action that would adversely affect or materially delay
the ability of either NSD or Parent to obtain any necessary approvals of
any regulatory agency required for the transactions contemplated hereby or
to perform its covenants and agreements under this Agreement or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) Capital Stock. Other than
pursuant to Rights set forth on Schedule 4.01(b) of the NSD Disclosure
Schedule and outstanding on the date hereof, (i) issue, sell or otherwise
permit to become outstanding, or authorize the creation of, any additional
shares of stock or any Rights or (ii) permit any additional shares of stock
to become subject to grants of employee or director stock options or other
Rights.   (c) Dividends; Etc.   (i) Make, declare, pay or set aside for
payment any dividend on or in  respect of, or declare or make any other
distribution on any shares of NSD  capital stock, other than dividends from
wholly owned Subsidiaries to NSD  or another wholly owned Subsidiary of NSD
or as set forth on Schedule  4.01(c) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule, regular
quarterly dividends not in  excess of $.22 per share; or   (ii) Directly or
indirectly adjust, split, combine, redeem,  reclassify, purchase or otherwise
acquire, any shares of its capital stock.   (iii) Parent and NSD agree to
coordinate their declaration of  dividends so that holders of NSD Common
Stock will not receive two  dividends, or fail to receive one dividend, for
any quarter with respect to  the NSD Common Stock and any Parent Common Stock
any holder receives in the  Merger.   (d) Compensation; Employment
Agreements; Etc. Enter into or amend or renew any employment, consulting,
severance or similar agreements or arrangements with any director, officer or
employee of NSD or its Subsidiaries or grant any salary or wage increase or
increase any employee benefit, including discretionary or other incentive or
bonus payments, except:   16     (i) for normal increases in
compensation and bonuses to employees in  the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, provided  that no such increases shall result
in an annual aggregate adjustment in  compensation or bonus of more than 3%,
provided, however, that no increase  for any individual shall result in an
annual adjustment in compensation or  bonus of more than 4% unless mutually
agreed to by NSD and Parent;   (ii) for other changes that are required by
applicable law;   (iii) to pay the amounts or to provide payments under
plans and/or  commitments set forth in Schedule 4.01(d) of the NSD Disclosure
Schedule;   (iv) for retention bonuses to such persons and in such amounts
as are  mutually agreed by Parent and NSD, provided, however, that the
aggregate  amount of such retention bonuses shall not exceed $200,000 unless
mutually  agreed to by NSD and Parent;   (v) severance payments pursuant to
the severance agreements or  employment agreements that are set forth in
Schedule 4.01(d) of the NSD  Disclosure Schedule; or   (vi) for grants of
awards to newly hired employees consistent with  past practice.   (e)
Hiring. Hire any person as an employee of NSD or any of its Subsidiaries or
promote any employee, except (i) to satisfy contractual obligations existing
as of the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 4.01(e) of the NSD Disclosure
Schedule, or (ii) to fill any vacancies arising after the date hereof at a
comparable level of compensation with persons whose employment is terminable
at the will of NSD or a Subsidiary of NSD, as applicable, provided, however,
that such total compensation may not exceed $40,000.   (f) Benefit Plans.
Enter into, establish, adopt, amend or make any contributions to (except (i)
as may be required by applicable law or (ii) to satisfy contractual
obligations existing as of the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 4.01(f)
of the NSD Disclosure Schedule), any pension, retirement, stock option, stock
purchase, savings, profit sharing, deferred compensation, consulting, bonus,
group insurance or other employee benefit, incentive or welfare contract,
plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement or similar arrangement related
thereto, in respect of any director, officer or employee of NSD or its
Subsidiaries or take any action to accelerate the vesting or exercisability
of stock options, restricted stock or other compensation or benefits payable
thereunder.   (g) Dispositions. Sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise dispose of or discontinue any of its assets, deposits, business or
properties except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and in a transaction that, together with all other such
transactions, is not material to NSD and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole.   17     (h) Acquisitions. Acquire, other than by way of
foreclosures or acquisitions of control in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or
in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith, in each case in
the ordinary and usual course of business consistent with past practice, all
or any portion of the assets, business, deposits or properties of any other
entity.   (i) Capital Expenditures. Make any capital expenditures other than
capital expenditures in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice in amounts not exceeding $15,000 individually or $50,000 in the
aggregate, provided, however, that if Parent does not object to a written
request for approval within two business days after receipt, the request
shall be deemed approved.   (j) Governing Documents. Amend the NSD Articles
or the NSD Bylaws or the articles of incorporation or bylaws (or equivalent
documents) of any Subsidiary of NSD, except as may be required by law.  
(k) Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any change in its tax
accounting or financial accounting principles, practices or methods, other
than as may be required by changes in laws or regulations or GAAP.   (l)
Contracts. Except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice or as otherwise permitted under this Section 4.01, enter into
or terminate any Material Contract or amend or modify in any material respect
any of its existing Material Contracts.   (m) Claims. Enter into any
settlement or similar agreement with respect to any action, suit, proceeding,
order or investigation to which NSD or any of its Subsidiaries is or becomes
a party, which settlement, agreement or action involves payment by NSD or any
of its Subsidiaries of an amount that exceeds $50,000 and/or would impose any
material restriction on the business of NSD or any of its Subsidiaries or
create precedent for claims that are reasonably likely to be material to NSD
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (n) Banking Operations. Enter into
any new material line of business; change its material lending, investment,
underwriting, risk and asset liability management and other material banking
and operating policies, except as required by applicable law, regulation or
policies imposed by any Governmental Authority; or file any application or
make any contract with respect to opening or closing a branching or site
location or branching or site relocation.   (o) Indebtedness. (i) Incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money, other than deposits, federal funds
purchased, cash management accounts, Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings that
mature within one year and securities sold under agreements to repurchase
that mature within 90 days, in each case in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as
an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other Person,
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
or (ii) prepay any indebtedness.   18     (p) Investment Securities. (i)
Acquire, other than by way of foreclosures or acquisitions in a bona fide
fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good
faith, in each case in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, any debt security or Equity Investment other than federal funds or
United States Government securities or United States Government agency
securities, in each case with a term of one (1) year or less, (ii)
restructure or materially change its investment securities portfolio or
its gap position or (iii) enter in any Derivatives Contract, provided,
however, that if Parent does not object to a written request for approval
within two business days after receipt, the request shall be deemed
approved.   (q) Loans. Make, renew or otherwise modify any loan, loan
commitment, letter of credit or other extension of credit (individually, a
"Loan" and collectively, "Loans") to any Person if, immediately after making
an unsecured Loan or Loans, such Person would be indebted to NorthSide Bank
in an aggregate amount in excess of $500,000, or make any fully secured Loan
or Loans to any Person (except for any Loan secured by a first mortgage on
single family owner-occupied real estate) if, immediately after making a
secured Loan, such Person would be indebted to NorthSide Bank in an aggregate
amount in excess of $1,000,000 (in either case Parent shall object thereto
within two business days, and the failure to provide a written objection
within two business days after receipt shall be deemed as the approval of
Parent to make such Loan or Loans) or, without approval of Parent, shall not
make, renew or otherwise modify any Loan or Loans secured by an owner-
occupied 1-4 single-family residence with a principal balance in excess of
$500,000 or in any event if such Loan does not conform with NorthSide Bank\'s
Credit Policy Manual.   (r) Investments in Real Estate. Make any investment
or commitment to invest in real estate or in any real estate development
project, other than by way of foreclosure or acquisitions in a bona fide
fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of a debt previously contracted in good
faith, in each case in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice.   (s) Adverse Actions. Take any action that (i) would, or is
reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, (ii) is
intended or is reasonably likely to result in (x) any of its representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any
material respect at any time at or prior to the Effective Time, (y) any of
the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII not being satisfied or
(z) a material violation of any provision of this Agreement or the Bank
Merger Agreement, in either case, except as may be required by applicable law
or regulation and (iii) would adversely affect or materially delay the
ability of either Parent or NSD to obtain any necessary approvals required of
any regulatory agency for the transactions contemplated hereby or to perform
its covenants and agreements under this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.   19     (t) Commitments. Enter into
any contract with respect to, or otherwise agree or commit to do, any of the
foregoing.   4.02 Forbearances of Parent. From the date hereof until the
Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this
Agreement or as Previously Disclosed, without the prior written consent of
NSD, not to be unreasonably withheld, Parent will not, and will cause each of
its Subsidiaries not to:   (a) Adverse Actions. Take any action that (i)
would, or is reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code, (ii) is intended or is reasonably likely to result in (x) any of its
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming
untrue in any material respect at any time at or prior to the Effective Time,
(y) any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII not being
satisfied or (z) a material violation of any provision of this Agreement or
the Bank Merger Agreement, except as may be required by applicable law or
regulation or (iii) would adversely affect or materially delay the ability of
either Parent or NSD to obtain any necessary approvals required of any
regulatory agency for the transactions contemplated hereby or to perform its
covenants and agreements under this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) Commitments. Enter into any contract
with respect to, or otherwise agree or commit to do, any of the
foregoing.   ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   5.01
Disclosure Schedules. On or prior to the date hereof, Parent has delivered to
NSD a schedule and NSD has delivered to Parent a schedule (respectively, its
"Disclosure Schedule") setting forth, among other things, items the
disclosure of which is necessary or appropriate either in response to an
express disclosure requirement contained in a provision hereof or as
an exception to one or more representations or warranties contained in
Section 5.03 or 5.04 or to one or more of its covenants contained in Article
IV; provided, however, that (a) no such item is required to be set forth in a
Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty or as an
exception to a covenant in Article IV if its absence would not be reasonably
likely to result in the related representation or warranty being deemed
untrue or incorrect under the standard established by Section 5.02 and (b)
the mere inclusion of an item in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a
representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by a party that
such item represents a material exception or fact, event or circumstance or
that, absent such inclusion in the Disclosure Schedule, such item is or would
be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.   20    
5.02 Standard. No representation or warranty of NSD or Parent contained
in Sections 5.03 or 5.04, respectively, shall be deemed untrue or incorrect
for any purpose under this Agreement, and no party hereto shall be deemed to
have breached a representation or warranty, in any case, as a consequence of
the existence of any fact, event or circumstance unless such fact,
circumstance or event, individually or taken together with all other facts,
events or circumstances inconsistent with any representation or warranty
contained in Sections 5.03, 5.04 or 5.05, has had or would be reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the party making such
representation or warranty disregarding for the purposes of this Section 5.02
any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualification contained in any
representations or warranties.   5.03 Representations and Warranties of NSD.
Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02, NSD hereby represents and warrants to
Parent:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. NSD is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. NSD is duly qualified to do business and is
in good standing in each jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of
property or assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so
qualified. NSD has in effect all federal, state, local and foreign
governmental authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted.   (b) NSD Capital
Stock. The authorized capital stock of NSD consists solely of 10,000,000
shares of NSD Common Stock, of which 3,413,348 shares are issued and
outstanding as of the date hereof and options to purchase 155,031 shares
are outstanding as of the date hereof. As of the date hereof, 344,964 shares
of NSD Common Stock were held in treasury by NSD or otherwise directly or
indirectly owned by NSD. The outstanding shares of NSD Common Stock have been
duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and
none of the outstanding shares of NSD Common Stock have been issued in
violation of the preemptive rights of any Person. Schedule 5.03(b) of the NSD
Disclosure Schedule sets forth for each NSD Option the name of the grantee,
the date of the grant, the type of grant, the status of the option grant as
qualified or non-qualified under Section 422 of the Code (with respect to the
NSD Options), the number of shares of NSD Common Stock subject to each NSD
Option, the number of shares of NSD Common Stock subject to NSD Options that
are currently exercisable and the exercise price per share. Except as set
forth in the preceding sentence and the NSD Rights as set forth in Schedule
5.03(b) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule there are no shares of NSD Common
Stock reserved for issuance, NSD does not have any Rights issued or
outstanding with respect to NSD Common Stock and NSD does not have any
commitment to authorize, issue or sell any NSD Common Stock or Rights.  
21     (c) Subsidiaries.   (i) (A) Schedule 5.03(c) of the NSD
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a  list of all of its Subsidiaries together
with the jurisdiction of  organization of each such Subsidiary; (B) except as
set forth on Schedule  5.03(c) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule, NSD owns,
directly or indirectly,  all the issued and outstanding equity securities of
each of its  Subsidiaries; (C) no equity securities of any of its
Subsidiaries are or  may become required to be issued (other than to NSD) by
reason of any Right  or otherwise; (D) there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or  arrangements by which any of its Subsidiaries is or may be
bound to sell or  otherwise transfer any of its equity securities other than
to NSD or any of  its wholly owned Subsidiaries; (E) there are no contracts,
commitments,  understandings or arrangements relating to NSD\'s rights to
vote or to  dispose of such equity securities of NSD\'s subsidiaries and (F)
all the  equity securities of NSD\'s Subsidiaries held by NSD or its
Subsidiaries are  fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by NSD or its
Subsidiaries free  and clear of any Liens.   (ii) Except as set forth in
Schedule 5.03 of the NSD Disclosure  Schedules and except for securities and
other interests held in a fiduciary  capacity and beneficially owned by third
parties or taken in consideration  of debts previously contracted, ownership
interests in NSD\'s Subsidiaries  and stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of
Pittsburgh, NSD does not own  beneficially, directly or indirectly, any
equity securities or similar  interests of any Person or any interest in a
partnership or joint venture  of any kind.   (iii) Each of NSD\'s
Subsidiaries has been duly organized and is  validly existing in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its  organization and is duly
qualified to do business and in good standing in  the jurisdictions where its
ownership or leasing of property or the conduct  of its business requires it
to be so qualified.   (iv) The deposit accounts of NorthSide Bank are
insured by the Bank  Insurance Fund, in the manner and to the maximum extent
provided by  applicable law, and NorthSide Bank has paid all deposit
insurance premiums  and assessments required by applicable laws and
regulations.   (d) Corporate Power. Each of NSD and its Subsidiaries has the
corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted and to own all its properties and assets; and NSD has the corporate
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and to consummate the Transaction, subject to receipt of all
necessary approvals of Governmental Authorities and the approval of NSD\'s
stockholders of this Agreement, and no other corporate proceedings are
necessary on the part of NSD to approve this Agreement or to consummate the
Transaction.   (e) Corporate Authority. Subject to the approval of this
Agreement by the holders of not less than 51% of the outstanding shares of
NSD Common Stock (a "Majority Vote"), this Agreement and the Transaction have
been authorized by all necessary corporate action of NSD and the NSD Board on
or prior to the date hereof. NSD has duly executed and delivered this
Agreement and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent
of this Agreement, this Agreement is a valid and legally binding obligation
of NSD, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
conservatorship, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar
laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or
by general equity principles.   22     (f) Regulatory Approvals; No
Defaults.   (i) No consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings or 
registrations with, any Governmental Authority or with any third party are 
required to be made or obtained by NSD or any of its Subsidiaries in 
connection with the execution, delivery or performance by NSD and NorthSide 
Bank of this Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement, respectively, or to 
consummate the Transaction except for (A) filings of applications or  notices
with, and approvals or waivers by, the OCC, the FDIC, the  Department and the
Federal Reserve Board, (B) filings with the SEC and  state securities
authorities, as applicable, in connection with the  submission of this
Agreement for the approval of the holders of NSD Common  Stock and the
registration of Parent Common Stock issuable in the Merger,  (C) the filing
of Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the  Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania pursuant to the PBCL and the Secretary of  State of the State of
Florida pursuant to the FLBC with respect to the  Merger and (D) the approval
and adoption of this Agreement by a Majority  Vote. As of the date hereof,
NSD is not aware of any reason why the  approvals set forth above and
referred to in Section 7.01(b) will not be  received in a timely manner and
without the imposition of a condition,  restriction or requirement of the
type described in Section 7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to receipt, or the making,
of the consents, approvals,  waivers and filings referred to in the preceding
paragraph and the  expiration of related waiting periods, the execution,
delivery and  performance of this Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement by
NSD and  NorthSide Bank, respectively, and the consummation of the
Transaction do  not and will not (A) except as Previously Disclosed,
constitute a breach or  violation of, or a default under, or give rise to any
Lien, any  acceleration of remedies or any right of termination under, any
law, rule  or regulation or any judgment, decree, order, governmental permit
or  license, or agreement, indenture or instrument of NSD or any of its 
Subsidiaries or to which NSD or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their 
respective properties is subject or bound, (B) constitute a breach or 
violation of, or a default under, the NSD Articles, the NSD Bylaws or 
similar governing documents of NSD\'s Subsidiaries or (C) require any 
consent or approval under any such law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, 
order, governmental permit or license, agreement, indenture or instrument.  
23     (g) Financial Reports; Undisclosed Liabilities.   (i) NSD\'s
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended  December 31, 2003,
2002 and 2001 and all other reports, registration  statements, definitive
proxy statements or information statements filed or  to be filed by it
subsequent to December 31, 2001 with the SEC  (collectively, NSD\'s
"Securities Documents"), as of the date filed or to be  filed and as amended
prior to the date hereof, (A) complied or will comply  in all material
respects as to form with the applicable regulations of the  SEC as the case
may be and (B) did not and will not contain any untrue  statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to  be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light  of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except  that
information as of a later date shall be deemed to modify information  as of
an earlier date; and each of the consolidated statements of financial 
condition contained in any such Securities Documents, including the related 
notes and schedules thereto, fairly presents, or will fairly present, the 
consolidated financial position of NSD and its Subsidiaries as of its date, 
and each of the consolidated statements of income, stockholders\' equity and 
cash flows or equivalent statements in NSD\'s Securities Documents, 
including any related notes and schedules thereto, fairly presents, or will 
fairly present, the consolidated results of operations, changes in 
stockholders\' equity and changes in cash flows, as the case may be, of NSD 
and its Subsidiaries for the periods to which they relate, in each case in 
accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods involved, 
except in each case as may be noted therein.   (ii) Neither NSD nor any of
its Subsidiaries has incurred any  liability other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with  past practice, excluding the incurrence
of expenses related to this  Agreement and the Transaction.   (iii) Since
December 31, 2003, (A) NSD and its Subsidiaries have  conducted their
respective businesses in the ordinary and usual course  consistent with past
practice (excluding the incurrence of expenses related  to this Agreement and
the Transaction); (B) neither NSD nor any of its  Subsidiaries has taken nor
permitted or entered into any contract with  respect to, or otherwise agreed
or committed to do or take, any of the  actions set forth in Sections
4.01(d), (f), (g), (h), (j), (k) and (n)  hereof between December 31, 2003
and the date hereof; (C) neither NSD nor  any of its Subsidiaries has taken
or permitted or entered into any contract  with respect to, or otherwise
agreed or committed to do or take, any of the  actions set forth in Sections
4.01(e), (i), (l), (m), (p), (q) and (r)  between January 1, 2004 and the
date hereof and (D) except as set forth in  the NSD Securities Documents,
since December 31, 2003, no event has  occurred or circumstance arisen that,
individually or taken together with  all other facts, circumstances and
events described in any paragraph of  this Section 5.03 or otherwise, is
reasonably likely to have a Material  Adverse Effect with respect to NSD.  
24    (iv) No agreement pursuant to which any loans or other assets have 
been or shall be sold by NSD or its Subsidiaries entitled the buyer of such 
loans or other assets, unless there is material breach of a representation 
or covenant by NSD or its Subsidiaries, to cause NSD or its Subsidiaries to 
repurchase such loan or other asset or the buyer to pursue any other form  of
recourse against NSD or its Subsidiaries. To the knowledge of NSD, there  has
been no material breach of a representation or covenant by NSD or its 
Subsidiaries in any such agreement. Except as disclosed in NSD\'s Securities 
Documents filed prior to the date hereof, since December 31, 2001, no cash, 
stock or other dividend or any other distribution with respect to the 
capital stock of NSD or any of its Subsidiaries has been declared, set  aside
or paid. Except as disclosed in NSD\'s Securities Documents filed  prior to
the date hereof, no shares of capital stock of NSD have been  purchased,
redeemed or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, by NSD  since
December 31, 2003, and no agreements have been made to do the  foregoing.  
(v) NSD maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule  13a-15
or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act; such controls and procedures are  effective
to ensure that all material information concerning NSD and its  Subsidiaries
is made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible  for the
preparation of NSD\'s Securities Documents and other public  disclosure
documents. The President and the Chief Financial Officer of NSD  have signed,
and NSD has furnished to the SEC, all certifications required  by Rule 13a-14
or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act or 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350; such  certifications
contain no qualifications or exceptions to the matters  certified therein and
have not been modified or withdrawn; and neither NSD  nor any of its officers
has received notice from any Governmental  Authorities questioning or
challenging the accuracy, completeness, form or  manner of filing or
submission of such certifications.   (h) Litigation. No litigation, claim or
other proceeding before any court or governmental agency is pending against
NSD or any of its Subsidiaries and, to NSD\'s knowledge, no such litigation,
claim or other proceeding has been threatened and there are no facts that
could reasonably give rise to such litigation, claim or other proceeding.
Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any order, judgment or
decree that has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to NSD.   (i) Regulatory Matters.   (i) Neither NSD
nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their  respective properties is a
party to or is subject to any order, decree,  agreement, memorandum of
understanding or similar arrangement with, or a  commitment letter or similar
submission to, or extraordinary supervisory  letter from, any Bank Regulatory
Authority or any federal or state  governmental agency or authority charged
with the supervision or regulation  of issuers of securities or the
supervision or regulation of it  (collectively, the "NSD Regulatory
Authorities"). NSD and its Subsidiaries  have paid all assessments made or
imposed by any NSD Regulatory Authority.   25    (ii) Neither NSD nor any
of its Subsidiaries has been advised by, nor  does it have any knowledge of
facts that could give rise to an advisory  notice by, any NSD Regulatory
Authority that such NSD Regulatory Authority  is contemplating issuing or
requesting, or is considering the  appropriateness of issuing or requesting,
any such order, decree,  agreement, memorandum of understanding, commitment
letter, supervisory  letter or similar submission.   (iii) NSD and each of
its Subsidiaries have timely filed all reports,  registrations and
statements, together with any amendments required to be  made with respect
thereto, that they were required to file since January 1,  2001 with (A) the
Federal Reserve Board, (B) the FDIC, (C) the Department  or (D) any other
state regulatory authority and (E) the SEC, and all other  reports and
statements required to be filed by them since January 1, 2001,  and have paid
all fees and assessments due and payable in connection  therewith. Except as
set forth in Schedule 5.03(i) of the NSD Disclosure  Schedule and except for
normal examinations conducted by Bank Regulatory  Authorities, (A) no Bank
Regulatory Authority has initiated or has pending  any proceeding or, to the
knowledge of NSD, investigation into the business  or operations of NSD or
any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2001,  except where such proceedings
or investigation are not reasonably likely to  have, either individually or
in the aggregate, a NSD Material Adverse  Effect, and (B) there is no
unresolved violation, criticism or exception by  any Bank Regulatory
Authority with respect to the business, operations,  policies or procedures
of NSD or NorthSide Bank since January 1, 2001 that  are reasonably likely to
have, either individually or in the aggregate, a  NSD Material Adverse
Effect.   (j) Compliance With Laws. Each of NSD and its Subsidiaries:  
(i) is in material compliance with all applicable federal, state,  local and
foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules,  judgments, orders or
decrees applicable thereto or to the employees  conducting such businesses,
including, without limitation, Sections 23A and  23B of the Federal Reserve
Act and FDIC, Department and OCC regulations  pursuant thereto, the Equal
Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act,  the Community Reinvestment
Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Bank  Secrecy Act and all other
applicable fair lending laws and other laws  relating to discriminatory
business practices;   (ii) has all permits, licenses, authorizations, orders
and approvals  of, and has made all filings, applications and registrations
with, all  Governmental Authorities that are required in order to permit it
to own or  lease its properties and to conduct its business as presently
conducted;  all such permits, licenses, certificates of authority, orders and
approvals  are in full force and effect and, to NSD\'s knowledge, no
suspension or  cancellation of any of them is threatened; and   26    
(iii) has received, since December 31, 2001, no notification or 
communication from any Governmental Authority (A) asserting that NSD or any 
of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any of the statutes, 
regulations or ordinances that such Governmental Authority enforces or (B) 
threatening to revoke any license, franchise, permit or governmental 
authorization nor, to NSD\'s knowledge, do any grounds for any of the 
foregoing exist.   (k) Material Contracts; Defaults.   (i) Except for
documents listed as exhibits to NSD\'s Securities  Documents or as set forth
in Schedule 5.03(k) of the NSD Disclosure  Schedule, neither NSD nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by  or subject to any agreement,
contract, arrangement, commitment or  understanding, whether written or oral,
(A) with respect to the employment  of any of its directors, officers,
employees or consultants; (B) that would  entitle any present or former
director, officer, employee or agent of NSD  or any of its Subsidiaries to
indemnification from NSD or any of its  Subsidiaries; (C) that is a material
contract (as defined in Item  601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC); (D)
that is a consulting  agreement, including data processing, software
programming and licensing  contracts, not terminable on 60 days or less
notice and involving the  payment of more than $25,000 per annum or (E) that
materially restricts the  conduct of any business by NSD or by any of its
Subsidiaries (collectively,  "Material Contracts"). NSD has set forth in
Schedule 5.03(k) of the NSD  Disclosure Schedule and made available to Parent
true, correct and complete  copies of each such Material Contract.   (ii)
Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material default  under any
contract, agreement, commitment, arrangement, lease, insurance  policy or
other instrument to which it is a party, by which its assets,  business or
operations may be bound or affected, or under which it or its  respective
assets, business or operations receives benefits, and there has  not occurred
any event that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice  or both,
would constitute such a default. Except as provided in this  Agreement, no
power of attorney or similar authorization given directly or  indirectly by
NSD or any of its Subsidiaries is currently outstanding.   (l) No Brokers.
Except as set forth in Schedule 5.03(l) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule, no
action has been taken by NSD or any of its Subsidiaries that would give rise
to any valid claim against any party hereto for a brokerage commission,
finder\'s fee or other like payment with respect to the Transaction.   (m)
Employee Benefit Plans.   (i) All benefit and compensation plans, contracts,
policies or  arrangements covering current or former employees of NSD and
its  Subsidiaries and current or former directors of NSD and its
Subsidiaries  including, but not limited to, "employee benefit plans" within
the meaning  of Sections 3(1), 3(2), 3(3) and 3(37) of ERISA, and deferred
compensation,  stock option, stock purchase, stock appreciation rights, stock
based,  incentive and bonus plans (the "Benefit Plans"), have been set forth
in  Schedule 5.03(m) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule. True and complete
copies  of the following have been provided or made available to Parent: (A)
all  Benefit Plans including, but not limited to, any trust instruments and 
insurance contracts forming a part of any Benefit Plans and all amendments 
thereto; (B) the most recent annual report (Form 5500), together with all 
schedules, as required, filed with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") or 
Department of Labor (the "DOL"), as applicable, and any financial  statements
and opinions required by Section 103(e)(3) of ERISA with respect  to each
Benefit Plan; (C) for each Benefit Plan that is a "top-hat" plan, a  copy of
filings with the DOL; (D) the most recent determination letter  issued by the
IRS for each Benefit Plan that is intended to be "qualified"  under Section
401(a) of the Code; (E) the most recent summary plan  description and any
summary of material modifications, as required, for  each Benefit Plan; (F)
the most recent actuarial report, if any, relating  to each Benefit Plan; (G)
the most recent actuarial valuation, study or  estimate of any retiree
medical and life insurance benefits plan or  supplemental retirement benefits
plan and (H) the most recent summary  annual report for each Benefit Plan
required to provide summary annual  reports by Section 104 of ERISA.  
27     (ii) Each Benefit Plan has been administered to date in all
material  respects in accordance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the
Code  and applicable law and with the terms and provisions of all
documents,  contracts or agreements pursuant to which such Benefit Plan is
maintained.  Each Benefit Plan that is an "employee pension benefit plan"
within the  meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (a "Pension Plan") and that is
intended to  be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, has received a
favorable  determination letter from the IRS or is the adoption of a
prototype plan  for which the prototype sponsor has a favorable determination
letter from  the IRS, and NSD is not aware of any circumstances likely to
result in  revocation of any such favorable determination letter or the loss
of the  qualification of such Pension Plan under Section 401(a) of the
Code.  Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
correspondence or  written or verbal notice from the IRS, DOL, any other
governmental agency,  any participant in or beneficiary of, a Benefit Plan or
any agent  representing any of the foregoing that brings into question the 
qualification of any such Benefit Plan. There is no material pending or, to 
NSD\'s knowledge, threatened litigation relating to the Benefit Plans. 
Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction with 
respect to any Benefit Plan or Pension Plan that, assuming the taxable 
period of such transaction expired as of the date hereof, could subject NSD 
or any of its Subsidiaries to a tax or penalty imposed by either Section 
4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA. There are no matters pending 
before the IRS, DOL or other governmental agency with respect to any  Benefit
Plans, nor does NSD have knowledge that any is threatened.   28    
(iii) No liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA has been  or to
NSD\'s knowledge is presently expected to be incurred by NSD or any of  its
Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing, frozen or terminated  "single-
employer plan," within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, 
currently or formerly maintained by any of them or the single-employer plan 
of any entity that is considered one employer with NSD under Section 4001  of
ERISA or Section 414 of the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate"). Neither NSD nor  any
of its Subsidiaries has incurred, and neither expects to incur, to  NSD\'s
knowledge, any withdrawal liability with respect to a multiemployer  plan
under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, regardless of whether based on 
contributions of an ERISA Affiliate. No notice of a "reportable event," 
within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day reporting 
requirement has not been waived, has been required to be filed for any 
Pension Plan or by any ERISA Affiliate.   (iv) All contributions required to
be made under the terms of any  Benefit Plan have been timely made. Neither
any Pension Plan nor any  single-employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate has an
"accumulated funding  deficiency", whether or not waived, within the meaning
of Section 412 of  the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and no ERISA Affiliate
has an outstanding  funding waiver. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.03(m)
of the NSD  Disclosure Schedule, neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries has
provided,  or is required to provide, security to any Pension Plan or to
any  single-employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section
401(a)(29)  of the Code.   (v) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.03(m) of
the NSD Disclosure  Schedule, neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
obligations for  retiree health and life benefits under any Benefit Plan,
other than  coverage as may be required under Section 4980B of the Code or
Part 6 of  Title I of ERISA, or under the continuation of coverage provisions
of the  laws of any state or locality. No event or condition exists with
respect to  a Benefit Plan that could subject NSD to tax under Section 4980B
of the  Code.   (vi) None of the execution of this Agreement, stockholder
approval of  this Agreement or consummation of the Transaction will, except
as set forth  in Schedule 5.03(m) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule, (A) entitle
any  employees of NSD or any of its Subsidiaries to severance pay or any 
increase in severance pay upon any termination of employment after the date 
hereof, (B) accelerate the time of payment or vesting or trigger any  payment
or funding, through a grantor trust or otherwise, of compensation  or
benefits under, increase the amount payable or trigger any other  material
obligation pursuant to, any of the Benefit Plans, (C) result in  any breach
or violation of, or a default under, any of the Benefit Plans or  (D) result
in any payment that would be a "parachute payment" to a  "disqualified
individual" as those terms are defined in Section 280G of the  Code, without
regard to whether such payment is reasonable compensation for  personal
services performed or to be performed in the future.   29     (vii) All
required reports and descriptions, including but not limited  to Form 5500
annual reports and required attachments, Forms 1099-R, summary  annual
reports, Forms PBGC-1 and summary plan descriptions, have been filed  or
distributed appropriately with respect to each Benefit Plan. All  required
tax filings with respect to each Benefit Plan have been made, and  any taxes
due in connection with such filings have been paid.   (n) Labor Matters.
Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any
collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding
with a labor union or labor organization, nor is NSD or any of
its Subsidiaries the subject of a proceeding asserting that it has committed
an unfair labor practice within the meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act or seeking to compel NSD or any of its Subsidiaries to bargain with any
labor organization as to wages or conditions of employment, nor is there any
strike or other labor dispute involving it or any of its Subsidiaries pending
or, to NSD\'s knowledge, threatened, nor is NSD or any of its Subsidiaries
aware of any activity involving its employees seeking to certify a collective
bargaining unit or engaging in other organizational activity.   (o)
Environmental Matters.   (i) NSD and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with
applicable  Environmental Laws; (ii) except as Previously Disclosed [or as
set forth in  Schedule 5.03(o) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule], to NSD\'s
knowledge, no  real property, including buildings or other structures,
currently or  formerly owned or operated by NSD or any of its Subsidiaries,
or any  property in which NSD or any of its Subsidiaries has held a
security  interest, Lien or a fiduciary or management role ("NSD Loan
Property"), has  been contaminated with, or has had any release of, any
Hazardous Substance  except in compliance with Environmental Laws; (iii)
neither NSD nor any of  its Subsidiaries could be deemed the owner or
operator of, nor has it  participated in the management regarding Hazardous
Substances of, any NSD  Loan Property that has been contaminated with, or has
had any release of,  any Hazardous Substance; (iv) neither NSD nor any of its
Subsidiaries has  any liability for any Hazardous Substance disposal or
contamination on any  third party property; (v) neither NSD nor any of its
Subsidiaries has  received any notice, demand letter, claim or request for
information  alleging any violation of, or liability under, any Environmental
Law; (vi)  neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any order,
decree,  injunction or other agreement with any Governmental Authority or any
third  party relating to any Environmental Law; (vii) except as set forth
in  Schedule 5.03(o) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule, to NSD\'s knowledge,
there  are no circumstances or conditions (including the presence of
asbestos,  underground storage tanks, lead products, polychlorinated
biphenyls, prior  manufacturing operations, dry-cleaning or automotive
services) involving  NSD or any of its Subsidiaries, any currently or
formerly owned or operated  property, or any NSD Loan Property, that could
reasonably be expected to  result in any claims, liability or investigations
against NSD or any of its  Subsidiaries, result in any restrictions on the
ownership, use or transfer  of any property pursuant to any Environmental Law
or adversely affect the  value of any NSD Loan Property, (viii) NSD has set
forth in Schedule  5.03(o) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule and made available
to Parent copies  of all environmental reports or studies, sampling data,
correspondence and  filings in its possession or reasonably available to it
relating to NSD,  its Subsidiaries and any currently owned or operated
property of NSD and  (ix) NSD has made available to Parent copies of all
environmental reports  or studies, sampling data, correspondence and filings
in the possession or  reasonably available to it relating to any NSD
Loan.   30     (ii) As used herein, the term "Environmental Laws" means
any federal,  state or local law, regulation, order, decree, permit,
authorization,  opinion or agency requirement relating to: (A) the protection
or  restoration of the environment, health, safety or natural resources;
(B)  the handling, use, presence, disposal, release or threatened release of
any  Hazardous Substance or (C) wetlands, indoor air, pollution,
contamination  or any injury or threat of injury to persons or property in
connection with  any Hazardous Substance; and the term "Hazardous Substance"
means any  substance that is: (A) listed, classified or regulated pursuant to
any  Environmental Law; (B) any petroleum product or by-product,  asbestos-
containing material, lead-containing paint or plumbing,  polychlorinated
biphenyls, radioactive materials or radon or (C) any other  substance that is
the subject of regulatory action by any Governmental  Authority in connection
with any Environmental Law.   (p) Tax Matters.   (i) (A) All Tax Returns
that are required to be filed on or before the  Effective Date (taking into
account any extensions of time within which to  file that have not expired)
by or with respect to the NSD Group, including  NSD and its Subsidiaries,
have been or will be timely filed on or before  the Effective Date; (B) all
such Tax Returns are or will be true and  complete in all material respects;
(C) all Taxes due of the NSD Group,  including NSD and its Subsidiaries,
shown on the Tax Returns referred to in  clause (A) have been or will be
timely paid in full; (D) the Tax Returns  referred to in clause (A) have not
been examined by the IRS or the  appropriate Tax authority, the NSD Group has
not extended the statute of  limitations for any such Tax Returns and the
period for assessment of the  Taxes in respect of which such Tax Returns were
required to be filed has  expired; (E) all deficiencies asserted or
assessments made as a result of  examinations conducted by any taxing
authority have been paid in full; (F)  no issues that have been raised by the
relevant taxing authority in  connection with the examination of any of the
Tax Returns referred to in  clause (A) are currently pending and (G) no
member of the NSD Group has  extended any statutes of limitation with respect
to any Taxes of NSD.   (ii) NSD has made available to Parent true and
correct copies of the  United States federal income Tax Returns filed by NSD
for each of the three  most recent fiscal years for which such returns have
been filed.   31     (iii) Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries has
any liability with  respect to income, franchise or similar Taxes that
accrued on or before the  end of the most recent period covered by NSD\'s
Securities Documents filed  prior to the date hereof in excess of the amounts
accrued or subject to a  reserve with respect thereto that are reflected in
the financial statements  included in NSD\'s Securities Documents filed on or
prior to the date  hereof.   (iv) Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to any Tax  allocation or sharing agreement, is or has been a
member of an affiliated  group filing consolidated or combined Tax Returns
other than a group the  common parent of which is or was NSD or otherwise has
any liability for the  Taxes of any Person other than a member of the NSD
Group.   (v) No closing agreements, private letter rulings, technical
advice  memoranda or similar agreements or rulings have been entered into or
issued  by any taxing authority with respect to NSD and its Subsidiaries.  
(vi) Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains any  compensation
plans, programs or arrangements the payments under which would  not
reasonably be expected to be deductible as a result of the limitations  under
Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder.   (vii) As
of the date hereof, NSD has no reason to believe that any  conditions exist
that might prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as  a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (viii) (A) No Tax is
required to be withheld pursuant to Section 1445  of the Code as a result of
the Transaction and (B) all Taxes that NSD or  any of its Subsidiaries is or
was required by law to withhold or collect  have been duly withheld or
collected and, to the extent required by  applicable law, have been paid to
the proper Governmental Authority or  other Person.   (ix) There are no
Liens for Taxes on any of the assets of NSD or any  of its Subsidiaries,
except for Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable.   (x) Neither NSD nor
any of its Subsidiaries (A) has agreed, or is  required, to make any
adjustment under Section 481(a) of the Code or any  comparable provision of
state, local or foreign law or has any knowledge  that a Governmental
Authority has proposed any such adjustment or change in  accounting method
with respect to NSD or its Subsidiaries or (B) has any  application pending
with any Governmental Authority requesting permission  for any change in
accounting method.   (xi) Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
successor for Tax  purposes to any Person by way of merger, reorganization or
similar  transaction.   32     (xii) No claim has ever been made by a
Governmental Authority in a  jurisdiction where NSD or any of its
Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns  that NSD or such Subsidiaries is or
may be subject to taxation by that  jurisdiction.   (xiii) Neither NSD nor
any of its Subsidiaries has been the  "distributing corporation" within the
meaning of Section 355(c)(2) of the  Code or has been the subject of a
distribution with respect to a  transaction described in Section 355 of the
Code within the five-year  period ending as of the date of this
Agreement.   (xiv) Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated
in any  "reportable transaction" or "listed transaction" that is required to
be  reported pursuant to Section 1.6011-4 of the Treasury Regulations.  
(q) Risk Management Instruments. Neither NSD nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or has agreed to enter into an exchange traded or over-the-
counter equity, interest rate, foreign exchange or other swap, forward,
future, option, cap, floor or collar or any other contract that is not
included on NSD\'s consolidated statement of financial condition and is a
derivatives contract (including various combinations thereof) (each, a
"Derivatives Contract") nor does NSD or any of its Subsidiaries own
securities that (i) are referred to generically as "structured notes," "high
risk mortgage derivatives," "capped floating rate notes" or "capped floating
rate mortgage derivatives" or (ii) are likely to have changes in value as a
result of interest or exchange rate changes that significantly exceed normal
changes in value attributable to interest or exchange rate changes.   (r)
Loans; Nonperforming and Classified Assets.   (i) Except as set forth in
Schedule 5.03(r) of the NSD Disclosure  Schedule, each Loan on the books and
records of NSD and its Subsidiaries  was made and has been serviced in all
material respects in accordance with  their customary lending standards in
the ordinary course of business, is  evidenced in all material respects by
appropriate and sufficient  documentation and, to the knowledge of NSD,
constitutes the legal, valid  and binding obligation of the obligor named
therein, subject to bankruptcy,  insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent transfer and similar  laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting creditor\'s rights or  by general equity principles.   (ii) NSD
has set forth in Schedule 5.03(r) of the NSD Disclosure  Schedule as to NSD
and each NSD Subsidiary as of the latest practicable  date prior to the date
of this Agreement: (A) any written or, to NSD\'s  knowledge, oral Loan under
the terms of which the obligor is 60 or more  days delinquent in payment of
principal or interest, or to NSD\'s knowledge,  in default of any other
material provision thereof; (B) each Loan that has  been classified as
"substandard," "doubtful," "loss" or "special mention"  or words of similar
import by NSD, a NSD Subsidiary or an applicable  regulatory authority; (C) a
listing of the OREO acquired by foreclosure or  by deed-in-lieu thereof,
including the book value thereof and (D) each Loan  with any director,
executive officer or five percent or greater stockholder  of NSD or a NSD
Subsidiary, or to the knowledge of NSD, any Person  controlling, controlled
by or under common control with any of the  foregoing.   33     (s)
Properties. All real and personal property owned by NSD or a Subsidiary of
NSD or presently used by any of them in their respective business is in
an adequate condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and is sufficient to
carry on its business in the ordinary course of business consistent with its
past practices. NSD has good and marketable fee simple title free and clear
of all Liens to all of the material properties and assets, real and personal,
reflected on the consolidated statement of financial condition of NSD as of
December 31, 2003 included in NSD\'s Securities Documents or acquired after
such date, other than properties sold by NSD in the ordinary course of
business, except (i) Liens for current taxes and assessments not yet due or
payable, (ii) pledges to secure deposits and other Liens incurred in the
ordinary course of its banking business and (iii) such imperfections of
title, easements and encumbrances, if any, as are not material in character,
amount or extent and as are reflected on the consolidated statement of
financial condition of NSD as of December 31, 2003 included in NSD\'s
Securities Documents. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.03(s) of the NSD
Disclosure Schedule, all real and personal property that is material to
NSD\'s business on a consolidated basis and leased or licensed by NSD or
a Subsidiary of NSD is held pursuant to leases or licenses that are valid
and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and such leases
will not terminate or lapse prior to the Effective Time.   (t) Intellectual
Property. NSD and each Subsidiary of NSD owns or possesses valid and binding
licenses and other rights to use without payment of any material amount all
material patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, service marks and
trademarks used in its businesses, all of which have been Previously
Disclosed by NSD, and none of NSD or any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice of conflict with respect thereto that asserts the right of others. NSD
and each of its Subsidiaries have performed in all material respects all the
obligations required to be performed by them and are not in default under any
contract, agreement, arrangement or commitment relating to any of
the foregoing. Schedule 5.03(t) to the NSD Disclosure Schedule sets forth
a description of all intellectual property rights of NSD and each Subsidiary
of NSD, including, without limitation, patents, trademarks, copyrights,
service marks and all licenses relating thereto.   (u) Fiduciary Accounts.
NSD and each of its Subsidiaries has properly administered all accounts for
which it acts as a fiduciary, including but not limited to accounts for which
it serves as a trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian,
conservator or investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of the
governing documents and applicable laws and regulations. Neither NSD nor any
of its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or
employees, has committed any breach of trust to NSD\'s knowledge with respect
to any fiduciary account and the records for each such fiduciary account are
true and correct and accurately reflect the assets of such
fiduciary account.   34    (v) Books and Records. The books and records
of NSD and its Subsidiaries have been fully, properly and accurately
maintained in material compliance with applicable legal and accounting
requirements, and such books and records accurately reflect in all material
respects all dealings and transactions in respect of the business, assets,
liabilities and affairs of NSD and its Subsidiaries.   (w) Insurance. NSD
has set forth in Schedule 5.03(w) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule a
description of all of the material insurance policies, binders or bonds
currently maintained by NSD and its Subsidiaries ("Insurance Policies"). NSD
and its Subsidiaries are insured with reputable insurers against such
risks and in such amounts as the management of NSD reasonably has determined
to be prudent in accordance with industry practices. All the Insurance
Policies are in full force and effect; NSD and its Subsidiaries are not in
material default thereunder and all claims thereunder have been filed in due
and timely fashion.   (x) Allowance For Loan Losses. NSD\'s allowance for
loan losses is sufficient at the date of this Agreement for its reasonably
anticipated loan losses, is in compliance with the standards established by
applicable Governmental Authorities and GAAP and, to the knowledge of NSD, is
adequate.   (y) Required Vote. The affirmative vote of the holders of 75 %
of the outstanding shares of NSD Common Stock is necessary to approve this
Agreement and the Merger on behalf of NSD unless the Agreement and the Merger
have received the prior approval of at least 75% of the members of the NSD
Board, in which case a Majority Vote is required. No other vote of the
stockholders of NSD is required by law, the NSD Articles, the NSD Bylaws or
otherwise to approve this Agreement and the Merger.   (z) Fairness Opinion.
The NSD Board has received an opinion of Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, Inc. to the
effect that as of the date hereof the Merger Consideration is fair to the
holders of NSD Common Stock from a financial point of view.   (aa) Absence
of Certain Changes or Events.   (i) Except as publicly disclosed in the NSD
Securities Documents filed  prior to the date of this Agreement, since June
30, 2004, no event or  events have occurred that have had or are reasonably
likely to have, either  individually or in the aggregate, a NSD Material
Adverse Effect.   (ii) Except as publicly disclosed in the NSD Securities
Documents  filed prior to the date of this Agreement, NSD and its
Subsidiaries have  carried on their respective business in all material
respects in the  ordinary course.   35     (bb) State Takeover Laws.
The Board of Directors of NSD has approved this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby as required to render inapplicable to such
Agreement and the Transaction the provisions of the PBCL applicable to
registered corporations.   (cc) Disclosure. The representations and
warranties contained in this Section 5.03, when considered as a whole, do not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements and information contained in
this Section 5.03 not misleading.   5.04 Representations and Warranties of
Parent. Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02, Parent hereby represents and
warrants to NSD as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority.
Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Florida. Parent is duly qualified to do business and is
in good standing in each jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of
property or assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so
qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Parent has in effect all federal, state,
local and foreign governmental authorizations necessary for it to own or
lease its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
conducted.   (b) Parent Stock.   (i) As of the date hereof, the authorized
capital stock of Parent  consists solely of 500,000,000 shares of Parent
Common Stock, of which  46,644,484 shares were issued and outstanding as of
August 31, 2004, and  20,000,000 shares of Parent Preferred Stock, of which
no shares were issued  and outstanding as of the date hereof. The outstanding
shares of Parent  Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully  paid and non-assessable, and none of the shares of Parent
Common Stock have  been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any
Person. As of the  date hereof, there are no Rights authorized, issued or
outstanding with  respect to the capital stock of Parent, except for shares
of Parent Common  Stock issuable pursuant to the Parent Benefits Plans and by
virtue of this  Agreement.   (ii) The shares of Parent Common Stock to be
issued in exchange for  shares of NSD Common Stock in the Merger, when issued
in accordance with  the terms of this Agreement, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully  paid and nonassessable and the issuance thereof is not
subject to any  preemptive right.   (c) Subsidiaries.   (i) Each of
Parent\'s Subsidiaries has been duly organized and is  validly existing in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its  organization, and is
duly qualified to do business and is in good standing  in the jurisdictions
where its ownership or leasing of property or the  conduct of its business
requires it to be so qualified, except where the  failure to be so qualified
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on  Parent. Parent Bank is duly
licensed by the OCC and its deposits are  insured by the Bank Insurance Fund
in the manner and to the maximum extent  provided by law.   36     (ii)
As of the date hereof, (A) except as set forth in Schedule  5.04(c) of
Parent\'s Disclosure Schedule, Parent owns, directly or  indirectly, all the
issued and outstanding equity securities of each of its  Subsidiaries; (B) no
equity securities of any of Parent\'s Subsidiaries are  or may become
required to be issued other than to Parent by reason of any  Right or
otherwise; (C) there are no contracts, commitments, understandings  or
arrangements by which Parent\'s Subsidiaries are or may be bound to sell  or
otherwise transfer any of its equity securities other than to Parent or  any
of its wholly owned Subsidiaries and (D) there are no contracts, 
commitments, understandings or arrangements relating to Parent\'s right to 
vote or to dispose of such securities.   (d) Corporate Power. Each of Parent
and its Subsidiaries has the corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted and to own all its properties and
assets. Parent has the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the
Transaction, subject to the receipt of all necessary approvals
of Governmental Authorities, and no other corporate proceedings are necessary
on the part of Parent to approve this Agreement or the consummation of
the Transaction.   (e) Corporate Authority. This Agreement and the
Transaction have been authorized by all necessary corporate action of Parent
and the Parent Board. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
Parent and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by NSD, this
Agreement is a valid and legally binding agreement of Parent enforceable in
accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent
transfer and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors\' rights or by general equity principles.   (f) Regulatory
Approvals; No Defaults.   (i) No consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or
filings or  registrations with, any Governmental Authority or with any third
party are  required to be made or obtained by Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries in  connection with the execution, delivery or performance by
Parent and Parent  Bank of this Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement,
respectively, or to  consummate the Transaction, except as Previously
Disclosed, and except for  (A) filings of applications or notices with and
approvals or waivers by the  Federal Reserve Board, the OCC and the
Department; (B) filings with the SEC  and state securities authorities, as
applicable, in connection with the  registration of Parent Common Stock
issuable in the Merger; (C) the  approval of the listing on the NYSE of the
Parent Common Stock to be issued  in the Merger and (D) the filing of
Articles of Merger with the Secretary  of State of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania pursuant to the PBCL and with  the Secretary of State of the
State of Florida pursuant to the FLBC with  respect to the Merger. As of the
date hereof, Parent is not aware of any  reason why the approvals set forth
above and referred to in Section 7.01(b)  will not be received in a timely
manner and without the imposition of a  condition, restriction or requirement
of the type described in Section  7.01(b).   37     (ii) Subject to
receipt, or the making, of the consents, approvals,  waivers and filings
referred to in the preceding paragraph and expiration  of the related waiting
periods, the execution, delivery and performance of  this Agreement and the
Bank Merger Agreement by Parent and Parent Bank,  respectively, and the
consummation of the Transaction do not and will not  (A) constitute a breach
or violation of, or a default under, or give rise  to any Lien, any
acceleration of remedies or any right of termination  under, any law, rule or
regulation or any judgment, decree, order,  governmental permit or license,
or agreement, indenture or instrument of  Parent or of any of its
Subsidiaries or to which Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries or properties is
subject or bound, (B) constitute a breach or  violation of, or a default
under, the articles of incorporation or bylaws  or similar governing
documents of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (C)  require any consent or
approval under any such law, rule, regulation,  judgment, decree, order,
governmental permit or license, agreement,  indenture or instrument.   (g)
Financial Reports and Securities Documents; Material Adverse Effect.   (i)
Parent\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December  31, 2003,
2002 and 2001 and all other reports, registration statements,  definitive
proxy statements or information statements filed or to be filed  by it
subsequent to December 31, 2001 under the Securities Act, or under  Sections
13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in the form filed or  to be
filed (collectively, Parent\'s "Securities Documents") with the SEC,  as of
the date filed or to be filed, (A) complied or will comply in all  material
respects as to form with the applicable requirements under the  Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be and (B) did not and  will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a  material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the  statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were  made, not
misleading, except that information as of a later date shall be  deemed to
modify information as of an earlier date. Each of the  consolidated
statements of financial condition contained in or incorporated  by reference
into any such Securities Document, including the related notes  and schedules
thereto, fairly presents, or will fairly present, the  consolidated financial
position of Parent and its Subsidiaries as of its  date, and each of the
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders\'  equity and
comprehensive income and cash flows or equivalent statements in  such
Securities Documents, including any related notes and schedules  thereto,
fairly presents, or will fairly present, the consolidated results  of
operations, changes in stockholders\' equity and cash flows, as the case  may
be, of Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periods to which they  relate, in
each case in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during  the periods
involved, except in each case as may be noted therein.   38     (ii)
Except as Previously Disclosed, since December 31, 2003, neither  Parent nor
any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability other than in  the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, excluding  the
incurrence of expenses related to this Agreement and the Transaction.  
(iii) Since December 31, 2003, (A) Parent and its Subsidiaries have 
conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary and usual course 
consistent with past practice (excluding the incurrence of expenses related 
to this Agreement and the Transaction); (B) except as Previously Disclosed, 
neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken nor permitted any of 
the actions set forth in Section 4.02 between December 31, 2003 and the  date
hereof and (C) no event has occurred or circumstance arisen that, 
individually or taken together with all other facts, circumstances and 
events described in any paragraph of this Section 5.04 or otherwise, is 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to
Parent.   (iv) Parent maintains disclosure controls and procedures required
by  Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act; such controls and
procedures  are effective to ensure that all material information concerning
Parent and  its Subsidiaries is made known on a timely basis to the
individuals  responsible for the preparation of Parent\'s Securities
Documents and other  public disclosure documents. The Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief  Financial Officer of Parent have signed, and Parent has
furnished to the  SEC, all certifications required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14
under the  Exchange Act or 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350; such certifications contain
no  qualifications or exceptions to the matters certified therein and have
not  been modified or withdrawn; and neither Parent nor any of its officers
has  received notice from any Governmental Authorities questioning or 
challenging the accuracy, completeness, form or manner of filing or 
submission of such certifications.   (h) Litigation. No litigation, claim or
other proceeding before any court or governmental agency is pending against
Parent or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to Parent and, to Parent\'s knowledge,
no such litigation, claim or other proceeding has been threatened and there
are no facts that could reasonably give rise to such litigation, claim or
other proceeding. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
any order, judgment or decree that has or could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Parent.   (i) Regulatory
Matters.   (i) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of any of
their  respective properties is a party to or is subject to any order or
decree,  agreement, memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement with,
or  commitment letter or similar submission to, or extraordinary
supervisory  letter from, any federal or state governmental agency or
authority charged  with the supervision or regulation of financial
institutions or issuers of  securities or engaged in the insurance of
deposits or the supervision or  regulation of it. Parent and its Subsidiaries
have paid all assessments  made or imposed by any Parent Regulatory
Authority.   39     (ii) Neither Parent nor any its Subsidiaries has
been advised by, and  does not have any knowledge of facts that could give
rise to an advisory  notice by, any Parent Regulatory Authority that such
Parent Regulatory  Authority is contemplating issuing or requesting, or is
considering the  appropriateness of issuing or requesting, any such order,
decree,  agreement, memorandum of understanding, commitment letter,
supervisory  letter or similar submission.   (iii) Parent and each of its
Subsidiaries have timely filed all  reports, registrations and statements,
together with any amendments  required to be made with respect thereto, that
they were required to file  since January 1, 2001 with (A) the Federal
Reserve Board, (B) the FDIC, (C)  the OCC, (D) any state regulatory authority
and (E) the SEC, and all other  reports and statements required to be filed
by them since January 1, 2001,  and have paid all fees and assessments due
and payable in connection  therewith. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.04(i)
of Parent Disclosure  Schedule and except for normal examinations conducted
by Bank Regulatory  Authorities, (A) no Bank Regulatory Authority has
initiated or has pending  any proceeding or, to the knowledge of Parent,
investigation into the  business or operations of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries since January  1, 2001, except where such proceedings or
investigation are not reasonably  likely to have, either individually or in
the aggregate, a Parent Material  Adverse Effect and (B) there is no
unresolved violation, criticism or  exception by any Bank Regulatory
Authority with respect to the business,  operations, policies or procedures
of Parent or Parent Bank since January  1, 2001 that are reasonably likely to
have, either individually or in the  aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse
Effect.   (j) Compliance With Laws. Except for matters that could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to
Parent and its Subsidiaries, each of Parent and its Subsidiaries:   (i) is
in material compliance with all applicable federal, state,  local and foreign
statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules,  judgments, orders or decrees
applicable thereto or to the employees  conducting such businesses, including
without limitation Sections 23A and  23B of the Federal Reserve Act and OCC
regulations pursuant thereto, the  Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair
Housing Act, the Community  Reinvestment Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure
Act, the Bank Secrecy Act  and all other applicable fair lending laws and
other laws relating to  discriminatory business practices;   (ii) has all
permits, licenses, authorizations, orders and approvals  of, and has made all
filings, applications and registrations with, all  Governmental Authorities
that are required in order to permit them to own  or lease their properties
and to conduct their businesses as presently  conducted; all such permits,
licenses, certificates of authority, orders  and approvals are in full force
and effect and, to Parent\'s knowledge, no  suspension or cancellation of any
of them is threatened; and   40     (iii) has received, since December
31, 2001, no notification or  communication from any Governmental Authority
(A) asserting that Parent or  any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance
with any of the statutes,  regulations or ordinances which such Governmental
Authority enforces or (B)  threatening to revoke any license, franchise,
permit or governmental  authorization nor, to Parent\'s knowledge, do any
grounds for any of the  foregoing exist.   (k) No Brokers. No action has
been taken by Parent or its Subsidiaries that would give rise to any valid
claim against any party hereto for a brokerage commission, finder\'s fee or
other like payment with respect to the Transaction, except a fee to be paid
to Milestone Advisors, LLC.   (l) Tax Matters. As of the date hereof, Parent
does not have any reason to believe that any conditions exist that might
prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (m) Risk Management Instruments.
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party or has agreed to enter
into any Derivatives Contract that is not included on Parent\'s consolidated
statement of financial condition nor does Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
own securities that (i) are referred to generically as "structured notes,"
"high risk mortgage derivatives," "capped floating rate notes" or "capped
floating rate mortgage derivatives" or (ii) are likely to have changes in
value as a result of interest or exchange rate changes that significantly
exceed normal changes in value attributable to interest or exchange rate
changes.   (n) Ownership of NSD Common Stock. Except as set forth on
Schedule 5.04(n) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, none of Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries, or to Parent\'s knowledge, any of its other affiliates or
associates as such terms are defined under the Exchange Act, owns
beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, or is a party to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring,
holding, voting or disposing of, shares of NSD Common Stock other than shares
held in a fiduciary capacity that are beneficially owned by third parties or
as a result of debts previously contracted.   (o) Disclosure. The
representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.04, when
considered as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
and information contained in this Section 5.04 not misleading.   41    
(p) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.   (i) Except as publicly disclosed
in the Parent Securities Documents  filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, since June 30, 2004, no event or  events have occurred that have
had or are reasonably likely to have, either  individually or in the
aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   (ii) Except as publicly
disclosed in the Parent Securities Documents  filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, Parent and its Subsidiaries have  carried on their respective
businesses in all material respects in the  ordinary course.   ARTICLE
VI   COVENANTS   6.01 Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, each of NSD, Parent and their Subsidiaries
agrees to use its reasonable best efforts in good faith to take, or cause to
be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper or desirable, or advisable under applicable laws, so as to permit
consummation of the Transaction as promptly as practicable and otherwise to
enable consummation of the Transaction, including the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Article VII, and shall cooperate fully with the other
party hereto to that end.   6.02 Stockholder Meeting. NSD shall take, in
accordance with applicable law and the NSD Articles and the NSD Bylaws, all
action necessary to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold as soon as
reasonably practicable after the date on which the Registration Statement
becomes effective a special meeting of its stockholders (including any
adjournment or postponement, the "NSD Meeting") to consider and vote upon the
approval of this Agreement and any other matters required to be approved by
NSD\'s stockholders for consummation of the Transaction unless this Agreement
shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms. Subject to the right
of NSD and its Board of Directors to take any action permitted by Section
6.08(b) with respect to a Superior Proposal, NSD shall, through its Board of
Directors, recommend to its stockholders approval of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and shall take all reasonable lawful action
to solicit such approval by its stockholders (the "Approval
Recommendation").   6.03 Registration Statement.   (a) Parent agrees to
prepare a registration statement on Form S-4 or other applicable form (the
"Registration Statement") to be filed by Parent with the SEC in connection
with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger including the proxy
statement and prospectus and other proxy solicitation materials of NSD
constituting a part thereof (the "Proxy Statement") and all related
documents. NSD shall prepare and furnish such information relating to it and
its directors, officers and stockholders as may be reasonably required
in connection with the above referenced documents based on its knowledge of
and access to the information required for said documents, and NSD, and its
legal, financial and accounting advisors, shall have the right to review in
advance such Registration Statement prior to its filing. NSD agrees to
cooperate with Parent and Parent\'s counsel and accountants in requesting and
obtaining appropriate opinions, consents and letters from its financial
advisor and independent auditor in connection with the Registration Statement
and the Proxy Statement. Provided that NSD has cooperated as described above,
Parent agrees to file, or cause to be filed, the Registration Statement and
the Proxy Statement with the SEC as promptly as reasonably practicable. Each
of NSD and Parent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the
Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as
promptly as reasonably practicable after the filing thereof. Parent also
agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary state
securities law or "Blue Sky" permits and approvals required to carry out the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. After the Registration Statement
is declared effective under the Securities Act, NSD shall promptly mail at
its expense the Proxy Statement to its stockholders.   42     (b) Each
of NSD and Parent agrees that none of the information supplied or to be
supplied by it for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement shall, at the time the Registration Statement and
each amendment or supplement thereto, if any, becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading. Each of NSD and Parent agrees that
none of the information supplied or to be supplied by it for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement and any amendment or
supplement thereto shall, at the date of mailing to NSD\'s stockholders and
at the time of the NSD Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Each of NSD and
Parent further agrees that if such party shall become aware prior to the
Effective Date of any information furnished by such party that would cause
any of the statements in the Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement to
be false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or to omit to state
any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not false or
misleading, to promptly inform the other parties thereof and to take the
necessary steps to correct the Registration Statement or the
Proxy Statement.   (c) Parent agrees to advise NSD, promptly after Parent
receives notice thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement has
become effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, of the
issuance of any stop order or the suspension of the qualification of Parent
Common Stock for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the initiation or,
to the extent Parent is aware thereof, threat of any proceeding for any such
purpose, or of any request by the SEC for the amendment or supplement of the
Registration Statement or for additional information.   43     6.04
Regulatory Filings.   (a) Each of Parent and NSD and their respective
Subsidiaries shall cooperate and use their respective reasonable best efforts
to prepare all documentation, to effect all filings and to obtain all
permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and
Governmental Authorities necessary to consummate the Transaction; and any
initial filings with Governmental Authorities shall be made by Parent as soon
as reasonably practicable after the execution hereof. Each of Parent and NSD
shall have the right to review in advance, and to the extent practicable each
shall consult with the other, in each case subject to applicable laws
relating to the exchange of information, all written information submitted to
any third party or any Governmental Authority in connection with the
Transaction. In exercising the foregoing right, each of such parties agrees
to act reasonably and as promptly as practicable and shall, in any event,
provide its response to any proposed filing within five business days after
its receipt of the proposed filing from the other party. Each party hereto
agrees that it shall consult with the other party with respect to the
obtaining of all permits, consents, approvals, waivers and authorizations of
all third parties and Governmental Authorities necessary or advisable to
consummate the Transaction, and each party shall keep the other parties
apprised of the status of material matters relating to completion of
the Transaction.   (b) Each party agrees, upon request, to furnish the
other parties with all information concerning itself, its Subsidiaries,
directors, officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be
reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with any filing, notice or
application made by or on behalf of such other parties or any of their
respective Subsidiaries to any third party or Governmental Authority.  
6.05 Press Releases. NSD and Parent shall consult with each other
before issuing any press release with respect to the Transaction or this
Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public
statements without the prior consent of the other party, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that a party may, without the prior
consent of the other party, but after such consultation, to the extent
practicable under the circumstances, issue such press release or make such
public statements as may upon the advice of outside counsel be required by
law or the rules or regulations of the SEC, the NYSE or the NASD. NSD and
Parent shall cooperate to develop all public announcement materials and make
appropriate management available at presentations related to the Transaction
as reasonably requested by the other party.   6.06 Access; Information.  
(a) NSD agrees that upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable
laws relating to the exchange of information, it shall afford Parent and
Parent\'s officers, employees, counsel, accountants and other authorized
representatives such access during normal business hours throughout the
period prior to the Effective Time to the books, records, including, without
limitation, Tax Returns and work papers of independent auditors, properties
and personnel of NSD and to such other information relating to NSD as Parent
may reasonably request and, during such period, it shall furnish promptly to
Parent all information concerning the business, properties and personnel of
NSD as Parent may reasonably request.   44    (b) Parent agrees that
upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws relating to the
exchange of information, it shall afford NSD and NSD\'s officers, employees,
counsel, accountants and other authorized representatives such access during
normal business hours throughout the period prior to the Effective Time to
the books, records, including without limitation, Tax Returns and work papers
of independent auditors, properties and personnel of Parent and to such other
information relating to Parent as NSD may reasonably request and, during such
period, it shall furnish promptly to NSD all information concerning the
business, properties and personnel of Parent and its Subsidiaries as NSD
may reasonably request.   (c) All information furnished to either party by
the other party pursuant to this Section 6.06 shall be subject to, and such
receiving party shall hold all such information in confidence in accordance
with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreements, dated as of August 18,
2004 and September 23, 2004 between Parent and NSD (the "Confidentiality
Agreements").   (d) As soon as reasonably available but in no event more
than five business days after filing, NSD will deliver to Parent each report,
financial or otherwise, filed by it or NorthSide Bank with any Bank
Regulatory Authority or the SEC.   (e) Within 20 calendar days after the
end of each month, NSD will deliver to Parent the unaudited consolidated
balance sheet and unaudited consolidated statement of operations of NSD for
the immediately preceding month prepared in accordance with GAAP except for
the absence of footnotes and subject to year end audit and adjustment or as
otherwise noted therein.   (f) Within 20 calendar days after the end of each
month, Parent will deliver to NSD the unaudited consolidated balance sheet
and unaudited consolidated statement of operations of Parent for the
immediately preceding month prepared in accordance with GAAP except for the
absence of footnotes and subject to year end audit and adjustment or as
otherwise noted therein.   6.07 Affiliates. NSD shall use its reasonable
best efforts to identify those persons who may be deemed to be "affiliates"
of NSD within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated by the SEC under the
Securities Act and to cause each person so identified to deliver to Parent as
soon as practicable, and in any event prior to the date of the NSD Meeting, a
written agreement to comply with the requirements of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act in connection with the sale or other transfer of Parent Common
Stock received in the Merger, which agreement shall be in the form attached
as Annex B (the "Affiliate Letter").   45     6.08 Certain Actions.  
(a) From the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, except
as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.08, NSD will not, and will not
authorize or permit any of its directors, officers, agents, employees,
investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, advisors, agents, Affiliates or
representatives (collectively, "Representatives") to, directly or indirectly,
(i) initiate, solicit, encourage or take any action to facilitate, including
by way of furnishing information, any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below)
or any inquiries with respect to or the making of any Acquisition Proposal,
(ii) enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with,
furnish any information relating to NSD or any of its Subsidiaries or afford
access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of NSD or any of
its Subsidiaries to, otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly
assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by any third party
that is seeking to make, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal or (iii) except
in accordance with Section 8.01(g), approve, endorse or recommend or enter
into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract, agreement or
commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to an Acquisition
Proposal.   (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, NSD and its
Board of Directors shall be permitted (i) to comply with Rule 14d-9 and Rule
14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act with regard to an Acquisition
Proposal provided that the Board of Directors of NSD shall not withdraw or
modify in a manner adverse to Parent its Approval Recommendation except as
set forth in subsection (iii) below; (ii) to engage in any discussions or
negotiations with, or provide any information to, any person in response to a
Superior Proposal (as defined below) by any such person, if and only to the
extent that (x) NSD\'s Board of Directors concludes in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that failure to do so would breach its
fiduciary duties to NSD\'s stockholders under applicable law, (y) prior to
providing any information or data to any person in connection with a Superior
Proposal by any such person, NSD\'s Board of Directors receives from such
person an executed confidentiality agreement, which confidentiality terms
shall be no less favorable to NSD than those contained in the Confidentiality
Agreement between NSD and Parent, a copy of which executed confidentiality
agreement shall have been provided to Parent for informational purposes, and
(z) at least 72 hours prior to providing any information or data to any
person or entering into discussions or negotiations with any person, NSD
promptly notifies Parent in writing of the name of such person and the
material terms and conditions of any such Superior Proposal and (iii) to
withdraw, modify, qualify in a manner adverse to Parent, condition or refuse
to make its Approval Recommendation (the "Change in NSD Recommendation") if
NSD\'s Board of Directors concludes in good faith, after consultation
with outside counsel and financial advisors, that failure to do so would
breach its fiduciary duties to NSD\'s stockholders under applicable law.  
46     (c) NSD will promptly, and in any event within 24 hours, notify
Parent in writing of the receipt of any Acquisition Proposal or any
information related thereto, which notification shall describe the
Acquisition Proposal and identify the third party making the same.   (d)
NSD agrees that it will, and will cause its Representatives to, immediately
cease and cause to be terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations
existing as of the date of this Agreement with any parties conducted
heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposal.   (e) For purposes of
this Agreement:   (i) The term "Acquisition Proposal" means any inquiry,
proposal or  offer, filing of any regulatory application or notice, whether
in draft or  final form, or disclosure of an intention to do any of the
foregoing from  any person relating to any (w) direct or indirect acquisition
or purchase  of a business that constitutes a substantial portion of the net
revenues,  net income or net assets of NSD or any of its Subsidiaries, (x)
direct or  indirect acquisition or purchase of NSD Common Stock after the
date of this  Agreement by a Person who on the date of this Agreement does
not own 10% or  more of NSD\'s Common Stock and such Person by reason of such
purchase or  acquisition first becomes the owner of 10% or more of NSD\'s
Common Stock  after the date of this Agreement or the direct or indirect
acquisition or  purchase of 5% or more of NSD\'s Common Stock after the date
of this  Agreement by a Person who on the date of this Agreement owns 10% or
more of  NSD\'s Common Stock, (y) tender offer or exchange offer that if
consummated  would result in any person beneficially owning 10% or more of
any class of  equity securities of NSD or (z) merger, consolidation,
business  combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or
similar  transaction involving NSD other than the transactions contemplated
by this  Agreement other than the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (ii) The term "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide,
unsolicited  written Acquisition Proposal made by a Third Party to acquire
more than 50%  of the combined voting power of the shares of NSD Common Stock
then  outstanding or all or substantially all of NSD\'s consolidated assets
for  consideration consisting of cash and/or securities that is on terms
that  the Board of Directors of NSD in good faith concludes, after
consultation  with its financial advisors and outside counsel, taking into
account, among  other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other
aspects of the  proposal and the person making the proposal, including any
break-up fees,  expense reimbursement provisions and conditions to
consummation, (A) is on  terms that the Board of Directors of NSD in its good
faith judgment  believes to be more favorable from a financial point of view
to its  stockholders than the Merger; (B) for which financing, to the
extent  required, is then fully committed or reasonably determined to be
available  by the Board of Directors of NSD and (C) is reasonably capable of
being  completed.   47     (f) If a Payment Event (as hereinafter
defined) occurs, NSD shall pay to Parent by wire transfer of immediately
available funds, within two business days following such Payment Event, a fee
of $6,000,000 (the "Break-up Fee"), provided, however, that if a Payment
Event occurs, NSD shall have no obligation to pay Parent\'s expenses under
Section 9.05(b).   (g) The term "Payment Event" means any of the
following:   (i) the termination of this Agreement by Parent pursuant to
Section  8.01(f);   (ii) the termination of this Agreement by NSD pursuant
to Section  8.01(g);   (iii) a tender offer or exchange offer for 25% or
more of the  outstanding common stock of NSD is commenced and NSD shall not
have sent to  its stockholders, within 10 business days after the
commencement of such  tender offer or exchange offer, a statement that the
NSD Board recommends  rejection of such tender offer or exchange offer;
or   (iv) the occurrence of any of the following events within eighteen 
months of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(e), 
provided that an Acquisition Proposal shall have been made by a Third Party 
after the date hereof and prior to such termination that shall not have  been
withdrawn in good faith prior to such termination: (A) NSD enters into  an
agreement to merge with or into, or be acquired, directly or indirectly,  by
merger or otherwise by, such Third Party; (B) such Third Party, directly  or
indirectly, acquires substantially all of the total assets of NSD and  its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (C) such Third Party, directly or 
indirectly, acquires more than 50% of the outstanding NSD Common Stock. As 
used herein, "Third Party" means any person as defined in Section 13(d) of 
the Exchange Act other than Parent or its Affiliates.   (h) NSD acknowledges
that the agreements contained in Section 6.08(e) are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement and that without these agreements
Parent would not enter into this Agreement. Accordingly, in the event NSD
fails to pay to Parent the Break-up Fee, promptly when due, NSD shall, in
addition thereto, pay to Parent all costs and expenses, including attorneys\'
fees and disbursements, incurred in collecting such Break-up Fee together
with interest on the amount of the Break-up Fee or any unpaid portion
thereof, from the date such payment was due until the date such payment is
received by Parent, accrued at the fluctuating prime rate as quoted in The
Wall Street Journal as in effect from time to time during the period.   6.09
Certain Policies. Prior to the Effective Date, each of NSD and
its Subsidiaries shall, consistent with GAAP, the rules and regulations of
the SEC and applicable banking laws and regulations, modify or change its
loan, OREO, accrual, reserve, tax, litigation and real estate valuation
policies and practices, including loan classifications and levels of
reserves, so as to be applied on a basis that is consistent with that of
Parent; provided, however, that no such modifications or changes need be made
prior to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 7.01(b); and
further provided that in any event, no accrual or reserve made by NSD or any
of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.09 shall constitute or be
deemed to be a breach, violation of or failure to satisfy any representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement, condition or other provision of this Agreement
or otherwise be considered in determining whether any such breach, violation
or failure to satisfy shall have occurred. The recording of any such
adjustments shall not be deemed to imply any misstatement of previously
furnished financial statements or information and shall not be construed as a
concurrence of NSD or its management with any such adjustments.  
48     6.10 NYSE Listing. Parent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts
to list on the NYSE, upon official notice of issuance prior to the Effective
Date, the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
Merger.   6.11 Indemnification.   (a) From and after the Effective Time
through the sixth anniversary of the Effective Time, Parent (the
"Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify and hold harmless each present and
former director, officer and employee of NSD or a NSD Subsidiary, as
applicable, (the "Indemnified Parties") against any costs or expenses,
including reasonable attorneys\' fees, judgments, fines, losses, claims,
damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the
Effective Time, arising in whole or in part out of or pertaining to the fact
that he or she was a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of NSD
or any NSD Subsidiary or is or was serving at the request of NSD or any of
the NSD Subsidiaries as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
including without limitation matters related to the negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement or consummation of the Transaction, to the
fullest extent that such Indemnified Parties would be entitled under the NSD
Articles and the NSD Bylaws or equivalent documents of any NSD Subsidiary, as
applicable, or any agreement, arrangement or understanding that has been
Previously Disclosed by NSD pursuant to this Section, in each case as in
effect on the date hereof.   (b) Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim
indemnification under this Section 6.11, upon learning of any such claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify the
Indemnifying Party, but the failure to so notify shall not relieve the
Indemnifying Party of any liability it may have to such Indemnified Party if
such failure does not actually prejudice the Indemnifying Party. In the event
of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether arising
before or after the Effective Time, (i) the Indemnifying Party shall have the
right to assume the defense thereof and the Indemnifying Party shall not be
liable to such Indemnified Parties for any legal expenses of other counsel or
any other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Parties in
connection with the defense thereof, except that if the Indemnifying Party
elects not to assume such defense or counsel for the Indemnified Parties
advises that there are issues that raise conflicts of interest between the
Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Parties, the Indemnified Parties may
retain counsel which is reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnifying Party,
and the Indemnifying Party shall pay, promptly as statements therefor are
received, the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for
the Indemnified Parties, which may not exceed one firm in any jurisdiction,
(ii) the Indemnified Parties will cooperate in the defense of any such
matter, (iii) the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement
effected without its prior written consent which shall not be unreasonably
withheld and (iv) the Indemnifying Party shall have no obligation hereunder
in the event that a federal or state banking agency or a court of competent
jurisdiction shall determine that indemnification of an Indemnified Party in
the manner contemplated hereby is prohibited by applicable laws and
regulations.   49     (c) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
cause the persons serving as directors and officers of NSD immediately prior
to the Effective Time to be covered by the directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance policy maintained by NSD for a period of six years after
the Effective Time, provided that Parent may substitute therefor policies of
at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions that
are not materially less advantageous than such policy or single premium tail
coverage with policy limits equal to NSD\'s existing coverage limits, with
respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time that were
committed by such directors and officers in their capacities as such,
provided that in no event shall Parent be required to expend for any one year
an amount in excess of 150% of the annual premium currently paid by NSD for
such insurance (the "Insurance Amount"), and further provided that if Parent
is unable to maintain or obtain the insurance called for by this Section
6.11(c) as a result of the preceding provision, Parent shall use
its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain the most advantageous
coverage as is available for the Insurance Amount.   (d) The provisions of
this Section 6.11 are intended to be for the benefit of and shall be
enforceable by each of the Indemnified Parties and his or her heirs.   6.12
Benefit Plans.   (a) As soon as administratively practicable after the
Effective Time, Parent shall take all reasonable action so that employees of
NSD and its Subsidiaries shall be entitled to participate in each employee
benefit plan, program or arrangement of Parent of general applicability (the
"Parent Benefit Plans") to the same extent as similarly-situated employees of
Parent and its Subsidiaries, it being understood that inclusion of the
employees of NSD and its Subsidiaries in the Parent Benefit Plans may occur
at different times with respect to different plans, provided that coverage
shall be continued under corresponding Benefit Plans of NSD and its
Subsidiaries until such employees are permitted to participate in the Parent
Benefit Plans and provided further, however, that nothing contained herein
shall require Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to make any grants to any
former employee of NSD under any discretionary equity compensation plan of
Parent. Parent shall cause each Parent Benefit Plan in which employees of NSD
and its Subsidiaries are eligible to participate to recognize, for purposes
of determining eligibility to participate in, the vesting of benefits and for
all other purposes, but not for accrual of pension benefits, under the Parent
Benefit Plans, the service of such employees with NSD and its Subsidiaries to
the same extent as such service was credited for such purpose by NSD,
provided, however, that such service shall not be recognized to the extent
that such recognition would result in a duplication of benefits. Except for
the commitment to continue those Benefit Plans of NSD and its Subsidiaries
that correspond to Parent Benefit Plans until employees of NSD and its
Subsidiaries are included in such Parent Benefit Plans, nothing herein shall
limit the ability of Parent to amend or terminate any of NSD\'s Benefit Plans
in accordance with and to the extent permitted by their terms at any
time permitted by such terms.   50     (b) At and following the
Effective Time, and except as otherwise provided in Sections 6.12(d) and (e)
Parent shall honor, and the Surviving Corporation shall continue to be
obligated to perform, in accordance with their terms, all benefit obligations
to, and contractual rights of, current and former employees of NSD and its
Subsidiaries and current and former directors of NSD and its Subsidiaries
existing as of the Effective Date, as well as all employment, executive
severance or "change-in-control" or similar agreements, plans or policies of
NSD that are set forth on Schedule 6.12(b) of the NSD Disclosure Schedule,
subject to the receipt of any necessary approval from any Bank Regulatory
Authority. The severance or termination payments that are payable pursuant to
such agreements, plans or policies of NSD are set forth on Schedule 6.12(b)
of the NSD Disclosure Schedule. Following the consummation of the Merger and
for one year thereafter, Parent shall, to the extent not duplicative of other
severance benefits, pay employees of NSD or its Subsidiaries who
are terminated for other than cause, severance as set forth on Schedule
6.12(b) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule. Following the expiration of the
foregoing severance policy, any years of service recognized for purposes of
this Section 6.12(b) will be taken into account under the terms of any
applicable severance policy of Parent or its Subsidiaries.   (c) At such
time as employees of NSD and its Subsidiaries become eligible to participate
in a medical, dental or health plan of Parent or its Subsidiaries, Parent
shall cause each such plan to (i) waive any preexisting condition limitations
to the extent such conditions are covered under the applicable medical,
health or dental plans of Parent, (ii) provide full credit under such plans
for any deductibles, co-payment and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the
employees and their dependents during the portion of the calendar year prior
to such participation and (iii) waive any waiting period limitation or
evidence of insurability requirement that would otherwise be applicable to
such employee or dependent on or after the Effective Time to the extent such
employee or dependent had satisfied any similar limitation or requirement
under an analogous Benefit Plan prior to the Effective Time.   51    
(d) Immediately prior to the Effective Time, NSD shall, at the
written request of Parent, freeze or terminate such of the NSD Benefit Plans
as is requested by Parent.   6.13 Parent Board and Parent Bank Board.  
(a) Parent shall take all action necessary to appoint or elect, effective as
of the Effective Time, as a director of Parent the NSD Parent Designee.
Such person shall fill a vacancy on the Parent Board as a Class II director
and shall serve until the 2006 annual meeting of stockholders of Parent (the
"Parent 2006 Annual Meeting") and until his or her successor is elected and
qualified. Subject to the fiduciary duties of the Parent Board, Parent shall
include the NSD Parent Designee on the list of nominees for director
presented by the Parent Board and for which the Parent Board shall solicit
proxies at the Parent 2006 Annual Meeting. Subject to the fiduciary duties of
the Parent Board, Parent agrees that to the extent that the NSD Parent
Designee dies or becomes incapacitated prior to the Effective Time, NSD may
recommend to the Parent Board a person to serve as successor, and provided
that such person is reasonably acceptable to the Parent Board, such person
shall be appointed to fill the vacancy so created. If, prior to the Parent
2006 Annual Meeting or the term immediately following the Parent Bank 2006
Annual Meeting, the NSD Parent Designee vacates the seat to which he or she
has been elected for any reason, Parent agrees, subject to the fiduciary
duties of the Parent Board, to appoint a current NSD director to replace that
director. Subject to its fiduciary duties, the Parent Board agrees to
recommend the Parent Designee for nomination as a Parent Board Director to
the Parent Board Nominating Committee for election at Parent\'s 2007 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders.   (b) Parent agrees to take all action necessary to
appoint or elect, effective as of the Effective Time, as directors of Parent
Bank three current members of NSD\'s Board of Directors (the "NSD Parent Bank
Designees") as are mutually agreed by Parent and NSD. Such persons shall
serve until the 2006 annual meeting of stockholders of Parent Bank (the
"Parent Bank 2006 Annual Meeting") and until their successors are elected and
qualified. Subject to the fiduciary duties of the Parent Bank Board, Parent
Bank shall include the NSD Parent Bank Designees on the list of nominees for
director presented by the Parent Bank Board for the Parent Bank 2006 Annual
Meeting. Subject to the fiduciary duties of the Parent Bank Board, Parent
Bank agrees that to the extent that one or more of the NSD Parent Bank
Designees dies or becomes incapacitated prior to the Effective Time, the
remaining NSD Parent Bank Designees may recommend to the Parent Bank Board a
person to serve as successor, and provided that such person is reasonably
acceptable to the Parent Bank Board, such person shall be appointed to fill
the vacancy so created. If, prior to the Parent Bank 2006 Annual Meeting or
the term immediately following the Parent Bank 2006 Annual Meeting, any of
the NSD Parent Bank Designees vacates the seat to which they have been
elected for any reason, Parent Bank agrees, subject to the fiduciary duties
of the Parent Bank Board, to appoint a current NSD director to replace that
director. Subject to its fiduciary duties, the Parent Bank Board agrees to
recommend the Parent Bank Designees for nomination as Parent Bank Directors
for election at Parent Bank\'s 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  
52    6.14 Notification of Certain Matters. Each of NSD and Parent shall
give prompt notice to the other of any fact, event or circumstance known to
it that (i) is reasonably likely, individually or taken together with all
other facts, events and circumstances known to it, to result in any Material
Adverse Effect with respect to it or (ii) would cause or constitute a
material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements contained herein.   6.15 Regulatory Conditions. In the event of
the imposition of any conditions, restrictions or requirements in connection
with the regulatory approvals required by Section 7.01(b) that Parent
determines would materially reduce the benefits of the Merger as provided in
Section 7.01(b), Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain the removal of any such condition, restriction or requirement.  
6.16 Exemption From Liability Under Section 16(b). Assuming that NSD delivers
to Parent the Section 16 Information not less than five Business Days in
advance of the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of Parent, or
a committee of Non-Employee Directors thereof (as such term is defined
for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the Exchange Act), shall reasonably
promptly thereafter and in any event prior to the Effective Time adopt a
resolution providing that the receipt by the NSD Insiders of Parent Common
Stock in exchange for shares of NSD Common Stock, and of options to purchase
Parent Common Stock upon conversion of NSD Options pursuant to the
transactions contemplated hereby and to the extent such securities are listed
in the Section 16 Information provided by NSD to Parent prior to the
Effective Time, are intended to be exempt from liability pursuant to Section
16(b) under the Exchange Act such that any such receipt shall be so
exempt.   6.17 Certain Post-Closing Matters.   (a) From and after the
Effective Time, Parent shall cause Parent Bank to establish a new Pittsburgh
Region that will consist of Parent Bank\'s existing Pittsburgh branches and
the existing branches of NSD Bank with the exception of the branches that NSD
Bank is currently planning to close.   (b) At the Effective Time, Parent
shall cause Parent Bank to name Andrew W. Hasley as President and Chief
Executive Officer of Parent Bank\'s Pittsburgh Region to serve in such
position in accordance with the terms of his Employment Agreement with Parent
Bank.   (c) From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause Parent
Bank to provide commercially reasonable assistance to the current employees
of NSD Bank whose positions will be eliminated because of the Merger and
identify employment opportunities with Parent Bank. Such assistance shall
include training for positions with Parent Bank, notice of the posting of all
new job postings with Parent Bank and priority bidding for open positions
with Parent Bank.   53     (d) The commitments set forth in this Section
6.17 shall survive the Effective Time as reflected in a formal resolution of
the Parent Bank Board to be reflected in the minutes of Parent Bank as the
surviving corporation in the Bank Merger.   6.18 Employment Matters.  
(a) NSD shall pay the bonuses described on Schedule 4.01(d) not later
than December 31, 2004.   (b) Parent agrees to cause Parent Bank to enter
into an employment agreement with Andrew W. Hasley simultaneously with the
execution of this Agreement.   6.19 Director Agreements. Parent shall have
received from each director of NSD and NorthSide Bank an executed Voting
Agreement in the form of Annex C and an executed Non-Solicitation Agreement
in the form of Annex D.   6.20 Rights Plan. NSD shall redeem the Rights
under the NSD Bancorp. Inc. Rights Agreement dated as of September 12, 2002
as promptly as possible after the execution of this Agreement in accordance
with the terms of such Rights Agreement.     ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS
TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER   7.01 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation
to Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of each of the parties hereto
to consummate the Merger is subject to the fulfillment or, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, written waiver by the parties hereto prior to
the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder
Approval. This Agreement and the Merger shall have been duly approved by the
requisite vote of the holders of outstanding shares of NSD Common Stock.  
(b) Regulatory Approvals. All regulatory approvals required to consummate the
Merger shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force and effect and
all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof shall have expired and
no such approvals shall contain any conditions, restrictions or requirements
that the Parent Board reasonably determines in good faith would, individually
or in the aggregate, materially reduce the benefits of the Transaction to
such a degree that Parent would not have entered into this Agreement had
such conditions, restrictions or requirements been known at the date
hereof.   54     (c) No Injunction. No Governmental Authority of
competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other
order, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that is in effect and
prohibits consummation of the Transaction.   (d) Registration Statement.
The Registration Statement shall have become effective under the Securities
Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been initiated by the SEC and not withdrawn.   (e) Listing. The shares
of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger shall have been approved
for listing on the NYSE.   7.02 Conditions to Obligation of NSD. The
obligation of NSD to consummate the Merger is also subject to the fulfillment
by Parent or written waiver by NSD prior to the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of Parent set forth in this Agreement, subject
in all cases to the standard set forth in Section 5.02, shall be true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date as
though made on and as of the Effective Date, except that representations and
warranties that by their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some
other date shall be true and correct as of such date, and NSD shall have
received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Parent
by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to
such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent. Parent shall have
performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time in order to
consummate the Merger, and NSD shall have received a certificate, dated the
Effective Date, signed on behalf of Parent by the Chief Executive Officer and
the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to such effect.   (c) Tax Opinion.
NSD shall have received the written opinion of Shumaker Williams, P.C., dated
as of the Effective Date, which shall be based on such written
representations from Parent, NSD and others as such counsel shall reasonably
request, to the effect that the Merger will constitute a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (d) Other Actions.
Parent shall have furnished NSD with such certificates of its respective
officers or others and such other documents to evidence fulfillment of the
conditions set forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.02 as NSD may reasonably
request.   55     7.03 Conditions to Obligation of Parent. The
obligation of Parent to consummate the Merger is also subject to the
fulfillment by NSD or written waiver by Parent prior to the Closing Date of
each of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of NSD set forth in this Agreement, subject in
all cases to the standard set forth in Section 5.02, shall be true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date as
though made on and as of the Effective Date, except that representations and
warranties that by their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some
other date shall be true and correct as of such date, and Parent shall have
received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of NSD by
the President and the Chief Financial Officer of NSD to such effect.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of NSD. NSD shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement
at or prior to the Effective Time in order to consummate the Merger, and
Parent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on
behalf of NSD by the President and the Chief Financial Officer of NSD to
such effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. Parent shall have received the written
opinion of Duane Morris LLP, dated as of the Effective Date, which shall be
based on such written representations from Parent, NSD and others as such
counsel shall reasonably request, to the effect that the Merger will
constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.   (d) Environmental Reports. NSD shall have furnished Parent with a
Phase I environmental study with respect to all real property owned by NSD or
NorthSide Bank, the findings of which studies shall be acceptable to Parent
who shall not unreasonably withhold such acceptance.   (e) Other Actions.
NSD shall have furnished Parent with such certificates of its officers or
others and such other documents to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set
forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.03 as Parent may reasonably request.   ARTICLE
VIII   TERMINATION   8.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at
any time prior to the Effective Date, and the Transaction may be
abandoned:   (a) Mutual Consent. By the mutual consent in writing of Parent
and NSD if the Board of Directors of each so determines by vote of a majority
of the members of its entire Board.   56     (b) Breach. Provided that
the terminating party is not then in material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement contained therein, subject in all cases to
the standard set forth in Section 5.02, by Parent or NSD, if its Board of
Directors so determines by vote of a majority of the members of its entire
Board, in the event of: (i) a breach by Parent, on the one hand, or NSD, on
the other hand, as the case may be, of any representation or warranty
contained herein, subject to the standard set forth in Section 5.02, which
breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving
of written notice to the breaching party or parties of such breach; or (ii)
a breach by Parent, on the one hand, or NSD, on the other hand, as the case
may be, of any of the covenants or agreements contained herein, which breach
cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of written
notice to the breaching party or parties of such breach, which breach,
whether under (i) or (ii), would be reasonably expected, individually or in
the aggregate with other breaches, to result in a Material Adverse Effect
with respect to Parent or NSD, as the case may be.   (c) Delay. By Parent
or NSD, if its Board of Directors so determines by vote of a majority of the
members of its entire Board, in the event that the Merger is not consummated
by June 30, 2005, except to the extent that the failure of the Merger then to
be consummated by such date shall be due to the failure of the party seeking
to terminate pursuant to this Section 8.01(c) to perform or observe the
covenants and agreements of such party, in the case of Parent, set forth in
this Agreement.   (d) No Regulatory Approval. By Parent or NSD, if its Board
of Directors so determines by a vote of a majority of the members of its
entire Board, in the event the approval of any Governmental Authority
required for consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall have been denied by final nonappealable
action of such Governmental Authority or an application therefor shall have
been permanently withdrawn at the request of a Governmental Authority,
provided, however, that no party shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01(d) if such denial shall be due to the
failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform or
observe the covenants of such party set forth herein.   (e) No NSD
Stockholder Approval. By Parent, or by NSD provided that NSD shall not be in
material breach of any of its obligations under Section 6.02, if any approval
of the stockholders of NSD contemplated by this Agreement shall not have been
obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at the NSD
Meeting or at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   (f) NSD Failure to
Recommend. At any time prior to the NSD Meeting, by Parent if (i) NSD shall
have breached Section 6.08 in any respect materially adverse to Parent, (ii)
the NSD Board shall have failed to make its Approval Recommendation or shall
have effected a Change in NSD Recommendation, (iii) the NSD Board shall have
recommended approval of an Acquisition Proposal or (iv) NSD shall have
materially breached its obligations under Section 6.02 by failing to call,
give notice of, convene and hold the NSD Meeting.   57     (g) Superior
Proposal. At any time prior to the date of mailing of the Proxy Statement, by
NSD in order to enter concurrently into an Acquisition Proposal that has been
received by NSD and the NSD Board of Directors in compliance with Sections
6.08(a) and (b) and that NSD\'s Board of Directors concludes in good faith,
in consultation with its financial and legal advisors, that such Acquisition
Proposal is a Superior Proposal; provided, however, that this Agreement may
be terminated by NSD pursuant to this Section 8.01(g) only after the fifth
Business Day following NSD\'s provision of written notice to Parent advising
Parent, that the NSD Board of Directors is prepared to accept a Superior
Proposal and only if (i) during such five-Business Day period, NSD has caused
its financial and legal advisors to negotiate with Parent in good faith to
make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement such
that such Acquisition Proposal would no longer constitute a Superior
Proposal, (ii) NSD\'s Board of Directors has considered such adjustments in
the terms and conditions of this Agreement resulting from such negotiations
and has concluded in good faith, based upon consultation with its financial
and legal advisers, that such Acquisition Proposal remains a Superior
Proposal even after giving effect to the adjustments proposed by Parent and
further provided that such termination shall not be effective until NSD has
paid the Break-up Fee to Parent.   (h) Possible Adjustment. By NSD at any
time during the two-day period following the Determination Date, if both of
the following conditions (1) and (2) are satisfied:   (1) the Average
Closing Price determined as of the Determination Date  shall be less than the
product of 0.800 and the Starting Price; and   (2) the number obtained by
dividing the Average Closing Price by the  Starting Price, such number being
referred to herein as the "Parent Ratio",  shall be less than the number
obtained by dividing the Index Closing Price  by the Starting Index Price,
such number being referred to herein as the  "Index Ratio", and subtracting
0.200 from such quotient;   provided, that if NSD elects to exercise such
termination right, it shall  give prompt written notice to Parent, and
further provided that such notice  of election to terminate may be withdrawn
at any time within the  aforementioned period. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if within two  business days after the date of receipt of such notice from
NSD, Parent  notifies NSD in writing that Parent will increase the Exchange
Ratio to (A)  a number equal to a quotient, the numerator of which is the
product of (x)  0.800, (y) the Starting Price and (z) the Exchange Ratio, and
the  denominator of which is the Average Closing Price or (B) if the Index
Ratio  is less than 1.0, a number equal to a quotient, the numerator of which
is  the product of (w) the Index Ratio, (x) 0.800, (y) the Starting Price
and  (z) the Exchange Ratio and the denominator of which is the Average
Closing  Price, the Exchange Ratio shall be so adjusted and no termination
shall  have occurred pursuant to this Section 8.01(h).   58     8.02
Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by
either Parent or NSD as provided in Section 8.01, this Agreement
shall forthwith become void and have no effect except (i) Sections 6.06(c),
6.08(e) and (f), 8.02 and 9.05 shall survive any termination of this
Agreement and (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, no party shall be relieved or released from any liability or
damages arising out of its willful breach of any of the provisions of this
Agreement.   ARTICLE IX   MISCELLANEOUS   9.01 Survival. No
representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this
Agreement shall survive the Effective Time, other than agreements or
covenants contained herein that by their express terms are to be performed in
whole or in part after the Effective Time, or the termination of this
Agreement if this Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Time, other
than Sections 6.06(c), 8.02 and, excepting Section 9.12, this Article
IX, which shall survive any such termination. Notwithstanding anything in
the foregoing to the contrary, no representations, warranties, agreements
and covenants contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be terminated
or extinguished so as to deprive a party hereto or any of its affiliates of
any defense at law or in equity that otherwise would be available against the
claims of any Person, including without limitation any stockholder or
former stockholder.   9.02 Waiver; Amendment. Prior to the Effective Time,
any provision of this Agreement may be (i) waived, by the party benefited by
the provision or (ii) amended or modified at any time, by an agreement in
writing among the parties hereto executed in the same manner as this
Agreement, except that after the NSD Meeting no amendment shall be made that
by law requires further approval by the stockholders of NSD without obtaining
such approval.   9.03 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute an
original.   9.04 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such
State.   9.05 Expenses.   (a) Except as set forth in Section 9.05(b), each
party hereto will bear all expenses incurred by it in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including fees and
expenses of its own financial consultants, accountants and counsel, except
that expenses of printing the Proxy Statement and the registration fee to be
paid to the SEC in connection with the Registration Statement shall be shared
equally between NSD and Parent, and provided further that nothing contained
herein shall limit either party\'s rights to recover any liabilities or
damages arising out of the other party\'s willful breach of any provision of
this Agreement.   59     (b) In the event that this Agreement is
terminated by either NSD or Parent pursuant to Section 8.01(b), then the
breaching party shall pay, or by Parent pursuant to Section 8.01(e), then NSD
shall pay Parent, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, within two
business days following delivery of a statement of such expenses, all out-of-
pocket costs and expenses (including without limitation, professional fees of
legal counsel, financial advisors and accountants, and their expenses)
actually incurred by Parent in connection with the Merger and this
Agreement.   9.06 Notices. All notices, requests and other communications
hereunder to a party shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
personally delivered, telecopied (with confirmation) or mailed by registered
or certified mail (return receipt requested) to such party at its address set
forth below or such other address as such party may specify by notice to the
parties hereto.   If to NSD to:   NSD Bancorp, Inc.  5004 McKnight Road 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15237  Attention: Andrew W. Hasley,  President and
Chief Operating Officer  Fax: _____________   With a copy to:   Shumaker
Williams, P.C.  3425 Simpson Ferry Road  Camp Hill, PA 17011  Attention:
Nicholas Bybel, Jr., Esq.  Fax: (717) 763-7419   60     If to Parent
to:   F.N.B. Corporation  One F.N.B. Boulevard  Hermitage, Pennsylvania
16148  Attention: Stephen J. Gurgovits  President and Chief Executive
Officer  Fax: (724) 983-3515   With a copy to:   Duane Morris LLP  4200
One Liberty Place  Philadelphia, PA 19103  Attention: Frederick W. Dreher,
Esq.  Fax: (215) 979-1213   9.07 Entire Understanding; No Third Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement, the Bank Merger Agreement and the
Confidentiality Agreements represent the entire understanding of the parties
hereto and thereto with reference to the Transaction, and this Agreement, the
Bank Merger Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreements supersede any and
all other oral or written agreements heretofore made. Except for the
Indemnified Parties\' right to enforce Parent\'s obligations under Section
6.11, which is expressly intended to be for the irrevocable benefit of, and
shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and
representatives, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended
to confer upon any Person, other than the parties hereto or their respective
successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by
reason of this Agreement.   9.08 Severability. Except to the extent that
application of this Section 9.08 would have a Material Adverse Effect on NSD
or Parent, any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of
this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. In all such cases, the
parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to substitute a valid, legal
and enforceable provision that, insofar as practicable, implements the
original purposes and intents of this Agreement.   9.09 Enforcement. The
parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that
any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with
their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed
that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any state having
jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity. In the event attorneys\' fees or other
costs are incurred to secure performance of any of the obligations herein
provided for, or to establish damages for the breach thereof, or to obtain
any other appropriate relief, whether by way of prosecution or defense, the
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys\' fees and
costs incurred therein.   61     9.10 Interpretation. When a reference
is made in this Agreement to Sections, Annexes or Schedules, such reference
shall be to a Section of, or Annex or Schedule to, this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of this Agreement.
Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation." Whenever the words "as of the date hereof" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to mean the day and year first above
written.   9.11 Assignment. No party may assign either this Agreement or any
of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written
approval of the other parties. Subject to the preceding sentence, this
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.   9.12
Alternative Structure. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, until the Registration Statement is declared effective, Parent may
at any time modify the structure of the acquisition of NSD set forth
herein, subject to the prior written consent of NSD, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided that (i) the Merger
Consideration to be paid to the holders of NSD Common Stock is not thereby
changed in kind or reduced in amount as a result of such modification, (ii)
such modification will not adversely affect the tax treatment to NSD\'s
stockholders as a result of receiving the Merger Consideration and (iii) such
modification will not materially delay or jeopardize receipt of any required
approvals of Governmental Authorities.     [Signature page follows]  
62     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement
to be executed in counterparts by their duly authorized officers, all as of
the day and year first above written.   F.N.B. CORPORATION    By: /s/
Stephen J. Gurgovits  ------------------------  Stephen J. Gurgovits, 
President and Chief Executive Officer   NSD BANCORP INC.    By: /s/
Andrew W. Hasley  --------------------  Andrew W. Hasley,  President and
Chief Operating Officer    63     ANNEX A  -------   AGREEMENT OF
MERGER   Agreement of Merger, dated as of ___________ ___, 2004, by and
between First National Bank of Pennsylvania (the "Parent Bank") and NorthSide
Bank ("NorthSide Bank"). All capitalized terms used herein but not defined
herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement") dated as of October 14, 2004 between
F.N.B. Corporation ("Parent") and NSD Bancorp, Inc. ("NSD").  
WlTNESSETH:   WHEREAS, NorthSide Bank is a Pennsylvania banking institution
and a wholly owned subsidiary of NSD; and   WHEREAS, Parent Bank is a
national association and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; and  
WHEREAS, Parent and NSD have entered into the Agreement, pursuant to
which NSD will merge with and into Parent (the "Parent Merger"); and  
WHEREAS, NorthSide Bank and Parent Bank desire to merge on the terms
and conditions herein provided immediately following the effective time of
the Parent Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and
the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:   1. The Merger.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and this Agreement of
Merger, at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2), NorthSide Bank shall
merge with and into Parent Bank (the "Bank Merger") under the laws of the
United States and of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Parent Bank shall be
the surviving bank of the Bank Merger (the "Surviving Bank").   2. Effective
Time. The Bank Merger shall become effective on the date and at the time that
Articles of Combination are filed with the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency (the "OCC") and Articles of Merger are filed with the Pennsylvania
Department of State (the "Department") unless a later date and time is
specified as the Effective Time in such Articles of Combination and Articles
of Merger (the "Effective Time").   3. Charter; Bylaws. The Charter and
Bylaws of Parent Bank in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be the Charter and Bylaws of the Surviving Bank, until altered, amended or
repealed in accordance with their terms and applicable law.   A-1    
4. Name; Offices. The name of the Surviving Bank shall be "First
National Bank of Pennsylvania." The main office of the Surviving Bank shall
be the main office of Parent Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time.
All branch offices of NorthSide Bank and Parent Bank that were in lawful
operation immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the branch offices
of the Surviving Bank upon consummation of the Bank Merger, subject to the
opening or closing of any offices that may be authorized by NorthSide Bank,
Parent Bank, the OCC or the Department after the date hereof. Schedule I
hereto contains a list of each of the deposit taking offices of NorthSide
Bank and Parent Bank that shall be operated by the Surviving Bank, subject to
the opening or closing of any offices that may be authorized by NorthSide
Bank, Parent Bank, the OCC and the Department after the date hereof.   5.
Directors and Executive Officers. Upon consummation of the Merger, (i) the
directors of the Surviving Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
continue as directors of the Surviving Bank and as provided for in
Section 6.13(b) of the Agreement, three directors of NorthSide Bank shall be
appointed as directors of the Surviving Bank to serve until the first annual
meeting of shareholders following the Effective Time and (ii) the executive
officers of the Surviving Bank shall be the executive officers of Parent Bank
immediately prior to the Effective Time.   6. Effects of the Merger. Upon
consummation of the Bank Merger, and in addition to the effects set forth at
12 U.S.C. ss. 215a and the Pennsylvania Banking Code and other applicable
law:   (a) all rights, franchises and interests of NorthSide Bank in and to
every type of property (real, personal and mixed), tangible and intangible,
and choses in action shall be transferred to and vested in the Surviving Bank
by virtue of the Bank Merger without any deed or other transfer, and the
Surviving Bank, without any order or other action on the part of any court or
otherwise, shall hold and enjoy all rights of property, franchises and
interests, including appointments, designations and nominations, and all
other rights and interests as trustee, executor, administrator, registrar of
stocks and bonds, guardian of estates, assignee, receiver and committee, and
in every other fiduciary capacity, in the same manner and to the same extent
as such rights, franchises and interest were held or enjoyed by NorthSide
Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time; and   (b) the Surviving Bank
shall be liable for all liabilities of NorthSide Bank, fixed or contingent,
including all deposits, accounts, debts, obligations and contracts thereof,
matured or unmatured, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, and
whether or not reflected or reserved against on balance sheets, books of
account or records thereof, and all rights of creditors or obligees and all
liens on property of NorthSide Bank shall be preserved unimpaired; after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Bank will continue to issue savings accounts on
the same basis as immediately prior to the Effective Time.    A-2    
7. Effect on Shares of Stock.   (a) Each share of Parent Bank common stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
unchanged and shall remain issued and outstanding.   (b) At the Effective
Time, each share of NorthSide Bank capital stock issued and outstanding prior
to the Bank Merger shall, by virtue of the Bank Merger and without any action
on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled. Any shares of Northside Bank
capital stock held in the treasury of NorthSide Bank immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be retired and canceled.   8. Additional Actions. If,
at any time after the Effective Time, the Surviving Bank shall consider that
any further assignments or assurances in law or any other acts are necessary
or desirable to (a) vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the
Surviving Bank its rights, title or interest in, to or under any of the
rights, properties or assets of NorthSide Bank acquired or to be acquired by
the Surviving Bank as a result of, or in connection with, the Bank Merger, or
(b) otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement of Merger, NorthSide
Bank and its proper officers and directors shall be deemed to have granted to
the Surviving Bank an irrevocable power of attorney to (i) execute and
deliver all such proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and to do
all acts necessary or proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to
and possession of such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Bank and
(ii) otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement of Merger. The
proper officers and directors of the Surviving Bank are fully authorized in
the name of NorthSide Bank or otherwise to take any and all such action.  
9. Counterparts. This Agreement of Merger may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of
which together shall constitute one agreement.   10. Governing Law. This
Agreement of Merger shall be governed in all respects, including, but not
limited to, validity, interpretation, effect and performance, by the laws of
the United States and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.   11. Amendment.
Subject to applicable law, this Agreement of Merger may be amended, modified
or supplemented only by written agreement of Parent Bank and NorthSide Bank
at any time prior to the Effective Time.   12. Waiver. Any of the terms or
conditions of this Agreement of Merger may be waived at any time by whichever
of the parties hereto is, or the shareholders of which are, entitled to the
benefit thereof by action taken by the Board of Directors of such waiving
party   13. Assignment. This Agreement of Merger may not be assigned by any
party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party.   
A-3     14. Termination. This Agreement of Merger shall terminate upon
the termination of the Agreement in accordance with its terms.   15.
Procurement of Approvals. This Agreement of Merger shall be subject to the
approval of Parent as the sole shareholder of Parent Bank and NSD as the sole
shareholder of NorthSide Bank at meetings to be called and held or by consent
in lieu thereof in accordance with the applicable provisions of law and their
respective organizational documents. Parent Bank and NorthSide Bank
shall proceed expeditiously and cooperate fully in the procurement of any
other consents and approvals and in the taking of any other action, and
the satisfaction of all other requirements prescribed by law or otherwise
necessary for consummation of the Merger on the terms provided herein,
including without limitation the preparation and submission of such
applications or other filings for approval of the Merger to the OCC and the
Department as may be required by applicable laws and regulations.   16.
Conditions Precedent. The obligations of the parties under this Agreement of
Merger shall be subject to: (i) the approval of this Agreement of Merger by
Parent as the sole shareholder of Parent Bank and NSD as the sole shareholder
of NorthSide Bank at meetings of shareholders duly called and held or by
consent or consents in lieu thereof, in each case without any exercise
of such dissenters\' rights as may be applicable; (ii) receipt of approval of
the Merger from all governmental and banking authorities whose approval is
required; (iii) receipt of any necessary regulatory approval to operate the
main office and the branch offices of NorthSide Bank as offices of the
Surviving Bank and (iv) the consummation of the Parent Merger pursuant to the
Agreement on or before the Effective Time.   17. Effectiveness of
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
execution and delivery of this Agreement of Merger by the parties hereto
shall not be deemed to be effective unless and until the requirements of 12
C.F.R. ss. 5.33 are met.   A-4      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of Parent
Bank and NorthSide Bank has caused this Agreement of Merger to be executed on
its behalf by its duly authorized officers.   FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
PENNSYLVANIA    By: /s/ Gary J. Roberts 
-------------------------------------  Gary J. Roberts,  President and Chief
Executive Officer    NORTHSIDE BANK    By: /s/ Andrew W. Hasley 
-------------------------------------  Andrew W. Hasley,  President and
Chief Operating Officer    A-5      ANNEX B  -------   ___________,
2004   F.N.B. Corporation One F.N.B. Boulevard Hermitage, PA
16148  Ladies and Gentlemen:   I have been advised that I may be deemed an
"affiliate" of NSD Bancorp, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation ("NSD"), as that
term is defined in Rule 144 and used in Rule 145 promulgated by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). I understand that pursuant to the
terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October __, 2004 (the
"Agreement"), between F.N.B. Corporation, a Florida corporation ("Parent")
and NSD, NSD plans to merge with and into Parent (the "Merger").   I
further understand that as a result of the Merger, I will be entitled
to receive shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Parent
("Parent Common Stock") in exchange for shares of common stock, par value
$1.00 per share, of NSD ("NSD Common Stock").   I have carefully read this
letter and reviewed the Agreement, discussed its requirements and other
applicable limitations upon my ability to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of Parent Common Stock, to the extent I felt necessary, with my counsel or
counsel for NSD.   I represent, warrant and covenant with and to Parent with
respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock I receive as a result of the
Merger:   I shall not make any sale, transfer or other disposition of such
shares of Parent Common Stock unless (i) such sale, transfer or other
disposition has been registered under the Securities Act, (ii) such sale,
transfer or other disposition is made in conformity with the provisions of
Rule 145 under the Securities Act or (iii) in the opinion of counsel in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent or under a "no-action" letter
obtained by me from the staff of the SEC, such sale, transfer or other
disposition will not violate the registration requirements of, or is
otherwise exempt from registration under, the Securities Act.   I
understand that Parent is under no obligation to register the sale, transfer
or other disposition of shares of Parent Common Stock by me or on my behalf
under the Securities Act or to take any other action necessary in order to
make compliance with an exemption from such registration available.   
B-1     I understand that stop transfer instructions will be given to
Parent\'s transfer agent with respect to shares of Parent Common Stock issued
to me as a result of the Merger and that there will be placed on the
certificates for such shares, or any substitutions therefor, a legend stating
in substance:   "The shares represented by this certificate were issued as a
result of the  merger of NSD Bancorp, Inc. with and into F.N.B. Corporation,
on _______  __, 2004 in a transaction to which Rule 145 promulgated under
the  Securities Act of 1933 applies. The shares represented by this
certificate  may be transferred only in accordance with the terms of a letter
agreement  between the registered holder hereof and F.N.B. Corporation, a
copy of  which agreement is on file at the principal offices of F.N.B.
Corporation.   I understand that, unless transfer by me of the Parent Common
Stock issued to me as a result of the Merger has been registered under the
Securities Act or such transfer is made in conformity with the provisions of
Rule 145(d) under the Securities Act, Parent reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to place the following legend on the certificates issued to my
transferee:   "The shares represented by this certificate have not been
registered under  the Securities Act of 1933 and were acquired from
[SHAREHOLDER] who, in  turn, received such shares as a result of the merger
of NSD Bancorp, Inc.  with and into F.N.B. Corporation on ________, 2004 in a
transaction to  which Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933 applies. The
shares have  been acquired by the holder not with a view to, or for resale in
connection  with, any distribution thereof within the meaning of the
Securities Act of  1933 and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise
transferred except  in accordance with an exemption from the registration
requirements of the  Securities Act of 1933."   It is understood and agreed
that the legends set forth above shall be removed by delivery of substitute
certificates without such legends if I shall have delivered to Parent (i) a
copy of a "no action" letter from the staff of the SEC, or an opinion of
counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent, to the
effect that such legend is not required for purposes of the Securities Act,
or (ii) evidence or representations satisfactory to Parent that the Parent
Common Stock represented by such certificates is being or has been sold in
conformity with the provisions of Rule 145(d).   I further understand and
agree that the provisions of Rule 145 shall apply to all shares of Parent
Common Stock that (i) my spouse, (ii) any relative of mine or my spouse
occupying my home, (iii) any trust or estate in which I, my spouse or any
such relative owns at least a 10% beneficial interest or of which any of us
serves as trustee, executor or in any similar capacity and (iv)
any corporation or other organization in which I, my spouse or any such
relative owns at least 10% of any class of equity securities or of the equity
interest, receives as a result of the Merger and I further represent, warrant
and covenant with and to Parent that I will have, and will cause each of such
persons to have, all shares of NSD Common Stock owned, other than shares held
through tax qualified retirement or benefit plans, by me or such persons
registered in my name or the name of such persons, as applicable, prior to
the effective date of the Merger and not in the name of any bank, broker or
dealer, nominee or clearing house.   B-2     By acceptance hereof,
Parent agrees, for a period of one year after the Effective Time (as defined
in the Agreement) that, so long as it is obligated to file reports pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, it
will use its reasonable best efforts to timely file such reports so that the
public information requirements of Rule 144(c) promulgated under the
Securities Act are satisfied and the resale provisions of Rule 145(d)(1) and
(2) are therefore available to me in the event I desire to transfer any
Parent Common Stock issued to me in the Merger.   It is understood and
agreed that this letter shall terminate and be of no further force and effect
if the Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.   Execution of
this letter should not be construed as an admission on my part that I am an
"affiliate" of NSD as described in the first paragraph of this letter or as a
waiver of any rights I might have to object to any claim that I am such an
affiliate on or after the date of this letter.   Very truly yours,    
________________________________  Name:   Acknowledged this ____ day of
____________, 2005.  F.N.B. CORPORATION   By:
______________________________________ [name] [title]   B-3     ANNEX
C  -------   FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT     __________, 2004    NSD
Bancorp, Inc. 5004 McKnight Road Pittsburgh, PA 15237  F.N.B.
Corporation One F.N.B. Boulevard Hermitage, PA 16148  Ladies and
Gentlemen:   F.N.B. Corporation ("FNB") and NSD Bancorp, Inc. ("NSD") have
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 14, 2004
(the "Agreement") whereby NSD will merge with and into FNB (the "Merger") and
shareholders of NSD will receive 1.8 shares of FNB common stock for each
share of NSD common stock owned on the closing date of the Merger. All
defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
thereto in the Agreement.   A condition to FNB\'s obligations under the
Agreement is that I execute and deliver this Letter Agreement to FNB.  
Intending to be legally bound hereby, I irrevocably agree and represent
as follows:   (a) I agree to vote or cause to be voted for approval and
adoption of the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby all
shares of NSD common stock over which I have or share voting power,
individually or, to the extent of my proportionate interest, jointly with
other persons, and will use my reasonable best efforts to cause any shares of
NSD common stock over which I share voting power to be voted for approval and
adoption of the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
Beneficial ownership shall have the meaning assigned to it under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   (b) On or prior to the record date for
the meeting of the NSD shareholders to vote on approval and adoption of the
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, I agree not to offer,
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, or to permit the offer, sale,
transfer or other disposition of, any shares of NSD common stock over which I
have sole or shared voting power and beneficial ownership, except to the
extent that I may be permitted under law to make charitable gifts or as
permitted by paragraph (g) hereof.   C-1     (c) I have sole or shared
beneficial ownership over the number of shares of NSD common stock, and hold
stock options for the number of shares of NSD common stock, if any, set forth
below opposite my name below.   (d) I agree that NSD shall not be bound by
any attempted sale of any shares of NSD common stock over which I have sole
voting power, and NSD\'s transfer agent shall be given appropriate stop
transfer orders and shall not be required to register any such attempted
sale, unless the sale has been effected in compliance with the terms of this
Letter Agreement.   (e) I agree that, if I exercise any options to purchase
common stock, I will not sell any of the shares of NSD common stock so
acquired except as part of a cashless exercise transaction from the date of
such exercise until the Effective Time.   (f) I represent that I have the
capacity to enter into this Letter Agreement and that it is a valid and
binding obligation enforceable against me in accordance with its terms,
subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws affecting creditors\' rights
and general equitable principles.   (g) I may transfer any or all of the
shares of NSD common stock over which I have sole or shared beneficial
ownership to my spouse, ancestors or descendants; provided, however, that in
any such case, prior to and as a condition to the effectiveness of such
transfer, each person to which any of such shares or any interest in any of
such shares is or may be transferred shall have executed and delivered to FNB
an agreement to be bound by the terms of this Letter Agreement. In addition,
I may sell, transfer or assign shares of NSD Common Stock to the extent and
on behalf of trusts or estates of which I am not a beneficiary in order to
comply with fiduciary obligations or legal requirements.   I am signing
this Letter Agreement solely in my capacity as a shareholder of NSD, and as
an optionholder if I am an optionholder, and not in any other capacity, such
as a director or officer of NSD or as a fiduciary of any trusts in which I am
not a beneficiary. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary: (a) I
make no agreement or understanding herein in any capacity other than in my
capacity as a beneficial owner of NSD common stock and (b) nothing herein
shall be construed to limit or affect any action or inaction by me or any of
my representatives, as applicable, serving on NSD\'s Board of Directors or
as an officer of NSD, acting in my capacity as a director, officer or
fiduciary of NSD or as fiduciary of any trust of which I am not a
beneficiary.   C-2     This Letter Agreement shall be effective upon
acceptance by FNB.   This Letter Agreement shall terminate and be of no
further force and effect concurrently with, and automatically upon, the
earlier to occur of (a) the consummation of the Merger, (b) June 30, 2005 and
(c) any termination of the Agreement in accordance with its terms, except
that any such termination shall be without prejudice to FNB\'s rights arising
out of my willful breach of any covenant or representation contained
herein.   Very truly yours,    ________________________________ 
[Name]  Number of Shares, and Shares Subject to Stock Options,
Held:  Shares:_____________________ [_______ shares held
individually]  Options: ___________________   Acknowledged and
Agreed:  NSD BANCORP, INC.   By: /s/ Andrew W. Hasley 
-------------------------------------  Andrew W. Hasley,  President and
Chief Operating Officer  F.N.B. CORPORATION   By: /s/ Stephen J.
Gurgovits  ------------------------------------   C-3     Stephen J.
Gurgovits  President and Chief Executive Officer     C-4     ANNEX
D  -------   FORM OF NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT 
------------------------------------------------------   This Non-
Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into
as of this ____ day of _____________, 2004, by and between F.N.B. Corporation
("FNB") and undersigned director (the "Director") of NSD Bancorp, Inc.
("NSD").   WHEREAS, FNB contemplates the consummation of a merger (the
"Merger") pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 14,
2004 by and between FNB and NSD (the "Merger Agreement"); and   WHEREAS,
the Director is a well respected business person in the Greater Pittsburgh
business community of Allegheny County and counties contiguous thereto and
acknowledges that his or her position with NSD gives NSD significant presence
in that community and is an important factor in NSD\'s ability to attract
customers; and   WHEREAS, as a condition to FNB\'s willingness to enter into
the Merger Agreement, FNB wants to protect NSD\'s community relationships by
requiring that the Director execute this Agreement;   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and covenants contained in this Agreement and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:   1.
Term.   This Agreement will commence on the date of consummation of the
Merger and end on the first anniversary of such date (the "Term").   2.
Non-Competition.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Competitive
Enterprise" means any bank holding company or insured depository institution,
including an institution in the organization stage or in the process of
applying for or receiving appropriate regulatory approval, including, without
limitation, any federal or state chartered bank, savings bank or savings and
loan association.   (b) During the Term, the Director shall not:   (i)
accept a position as director or employee of any Competitive  Enterprise that
is located in Allegheny County and counties contiguous  thereto during the
Term.   D-1     (ii) directly or indirectly acquire an ownership
interest in a  Competitive Enterprise that enables the Director to, directly
or  indirectly, in a substantial manner, control, direct, influence, affect
or  impact the operations, services or business activities of the
Competitive  Enterprise in Allegheny County and counties contiguous thereto
during the  Term, provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to
the  direct or indirect beneficial ownership of up to 7.5% of a class of 
securities of a Competitive Enterprise.   3. Non-Solicitation.   During
the Term, the Director shall not:   (a) Directly or indirectly, for the
purpose of selling any product or service that competes with a product or
service offered by NSD or its present subsidiaries or affiliates, solicit,
divert, or entice any customer of NSD to transfer such business to a
Competitive Enterprise. Provided, however, that any business activity or
business pursuit that is currently undertaken or provided by a Director or
his or her controlled entities or affiliates shall not be deemed a
Competitive Enterprise or a violation of this Agreement. In addition, this
Agreement shall not prohibit a Director or his or her controlled entities or
affiliates from providing any service or product that he or she or his or
her controlled entities or affiliates has provided prior to the date hereof
or that may be provided in the future as part of the Director\'s or his or
her controlled entities\' or affiliates\' historical business pursuits.  
(b) Employ or assist in employing any present employee of NSD or
its subsidiaries to perform services for any Competitive Enterprise.   (c)
Directly or indirectly, make any oral or written statement, comments or other
communications that impugns or is intended to impugn, disparage or otherwise
malign the reputation, ethics, competency, morality or qualifications of NSD
or FNB or any of their current or former directors, officers, employees or
customers.   4. Confidentiality.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement,
"Proprietary Information" shall mean any information relating to the business
of NSD or any of its present subsidiaries that has not previously been
publicly released by NSD or their representatives, and shall include, but
shall not be limited to, information encompassed in all marketing and
business plans, financial information, fees, pricing information, customer
and client lists and relationships between NSD and its customers and clients
and others who have business dealings with NSD.   (b) The Director agrees to
maintain the confidentiality or her of all Proprietary Information that has
been disclosed to the Director in the course of his service as a director of
NSD, on or before the date of consummation of the Merger. The Director shall
not, without written authorization from FNB, use for the Director\'s benefit
or purposes, nor disclose to others, at any time during the Term, any
Proprietary Information. This prohibition shall not apply after the
Proprietary Information has been voluntarily disclosed to the
public, independently developed and disclosed by others, or otherwise enters
the public domain through lawful means.   D-2     5. Remedies.   In
addition to any other rights and remedies FNB may have if the
Director violates this Agreement, the Director agrees that a breach or
threatened breach by the Director of his or her covenants set out in Sections
2 and 3 of this Agreement is likely to cause NSD and FNB as its successor
irreparable injury and damage, and the Director hereby expressly agrees that
NSD and FNB as its successor shall be entitled to the remedies of injunction,
specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent a breach or
threatened breach of Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement by the Director. This
provision shall not, however, be construed as a waiver of any of the remedies
which the Corporation may have for damages or otherwise.   6. Successors,
Assigns, Etc.   This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the
benefit of, NSD and its successors and assigns.   7. Governing Law.  
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to its
conflicts of laws principles.    D-3     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, FNB and
the Director hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the
date of consummation of the Merger.   F.N.B. CORPORATION    By: /s/
Stephen J. Gurgovits  -------------------------------------  Stephen J.
Gurgovits,  President and Chief Executive Officer   DIRECTOR   
------------------------------------------    D-4    '

