.1 - ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT     EXHIBIT
2.1    ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT    BY AND BETWEEN    ULTRA PAC,
INC.    AND    CHARGEURS ACQUISITION COMPANY    Dated as of April 22,
2000 ===============================================================================    EXHIBITS: -------- Exhibit
A Form of Supply Agreement Exhibit B Form of Non-Competition
Agreement Exhibit C Form of Consent, Recognition and Attornment
Agreement Exhibit D Reserved Exhibit E Reserved Exhibit F Reserved Exhibit
G Reserved Exhibit H Reserved Exhibit I Reserved Exhibit J
Reserved Exhibit K Reserved Exhibit L Form of Insurance
Certificate  SCHEDULES: --------- Schedule 1.2 Excluded Assets Schedule
1.4 Reserved Schedule 1.8 (2) Net Asset Items Schedule 1.9(c) Earn Out
Payment Example Schedule 3.7 Financial Statements Schedule 3.8 No Material
Adverse Change Schedule 3.9 Tax Matters Schedule 3.10 Compliance with
Laws Schedule 3.10 (a) Permits Schedule 3.11 No Breach Schedule 3.12
Actions and Proceedings Schedule 3.13 Contracts Schedule 3.14 Consents and
Approvals Schedule 3.15.1 (a) Owned Real Property Schedule 3.15.1 (b) Owned
Property Title Commitments Schedule 3.15.2 (a) Leased Real Property Schedule
3.15.2 (b) Leased Property Title Commitments Schedule 3.15.2 (c) Lease
Defaults Schedule 3.15.2 (d) Easements Schedule 3.15.3 Entire
Premises Schedule 3.16 Intangible Property Schedule 3.17 Retained
Assets Schedule 3.18 Suppliers and Distributors Schedule 3.19 (a) Employee
Benefit Plans; Retiree Liability Schedule 3.20 Insurance Schedule 3.21
Operations of the Seller Schedule 3.23 Environmental Matters Schedule 3.23 A
Facility Permits Schedule 7.2 (1) Title Insurance Policy
Requirements Schedule 7.2 (2) Survey Requirements     ASSET PURCHASE
AGREEMENT    ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT ("Agreement"), dated as of April
22, 2000, by and between ULTRA PAC, INC. (the "Seller"), a
Minnesota corporation, and CHARGEURS ACQUISITION COMPANY (the "Buyer"), a
Delaware corporation, relating to the sale by the Seller to the Buyer of the
Assets (as defined below) used in the conduct of the Business (as defined
in Section 12.1) of the Seller.   WHEREAS, the Buyer wishes to purchase
from the Seller, and the Seller wishes to sell, assign and transfer to the
Buyer, the Assets (as defined herein) used or owned by the Seller in
connection with the conduct of the Business, and the Buyer has agreed to
assume the Assumed Liabilities (as defined herein), upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth.   Certain capitalized terms used in this
Agreement have the meanings assigned to them in Section 12 herein.  
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:   1. Sale of Assets and
Assumption of Liabilities.   1.1 Sale of Assets. At the closing provided for
in Section 2 (the "Closing") and subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the Seller shall sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer shall purchase
from the Seller, all of the properties, assets and rights (other than the
Excluded Assets) primarily relating to or used or held for use in connection
with the Business as the same may exist on the Closing Date (collectively,
the "Assets"), including, without limitation, the following, in each
case, primarily with respect to the Business:   (a) all machinery,
equipment, tools, leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures and other
fixed assets of the Seller (including, but not limited to, any of the
foregoing purchased subject to any conditional sales or title retention
agreement in favor of any other person);   (b) the Owned Real Property and
the leasehold interest constituting the Leased Real Property, including
therein all rights of Seller and IPC (as defined herein) to the Olympia
Marble Lease and any construction-in-progress;   (c) all inventories of
finished products, raw materials, work-in- progress, goods, spare parts,
supplies, replacement and component parts, and office and other supplies
owned by the Seller (collectively, the "Inventories");   (d) all rights of
the Seller in and to products sold or leased by the Seller in the conduct of
the Business (including, but not limited to, products hereafter returned or
repossessed and unpaid Seller\'s right of rescission, replevin, reclamation
and rights to stoppage in transit);   (e) all rights of the Seller under
all contracts, including, without limitation, all Contracts (as defined
herein), arrangements, licenses, leases, Permits (as defined herein) and
other agreements, including, without limitation, any right to receive payment
for products sold or services rendered, and to receive goods and
services, pursuant to such agreements and to assert claims and take other
rightful actions in respect of breaches, defaults and other violations of
such contracts, arrangements, licenses, leases and other agreements
and otherwise;   (f) all prepaid expenses, advance payments and
deposits on leases, contracts, including, without limitation, all Contracts
and other agreements, paid by the Seller or any Predecessor;   (g) all
notes receivable held by the Seller (without any guaranty of collectibility
from the Seller) and all notes, bonds and other evidences of indebtedness of
and rights to receive payments from any person held by the Seller;   (h)
subject to the provisions of Section 1.2(b) below, all Intellectual Property
(including the rights conveyed to the Buyer in Section 5.13 of this
Agreement) and all rights thereunder or in respect thereof primarily relating
to or used in or held for use in connection with the Business (including
Intellectual Property rights under research or development) by the Seller,
including but not limited to, rights to sue for and remedies against past,
present and future infringements or misappropriations thereof, all income,
royalties, damages and payments due or payable at the Closing or thereafter
(including, without limitation, damages or payments for past or future
infringements or misappropriations thereof), any and all corresponding rights
that, now or hereafter, may be secured, and rights of priority and protection
of interests therein under the laws of any jurisdiction worldwide and all
tangible embodiments thereof (together with all Intellectual Property rights
included in the other clauses of this Section 1.1, the "Intellectual Property
Assets");   (i) all books, records, manuals and other materials (in any
form or medium), including, without limitation, all records and materials
maintained at the headquarters or other locations of the Seller, advertising
matter, catalogues, price lists, correspondence, mailing lists, lists of
customers, distribution lists, photographs, production data, sales and
promotional materials and records, purchasing materials and
records, personnel records, manufacturing and quality control records
and procedures, blueprints, research and development files, records, data
and laboratory books, Intellectual Property disclosures, media materials
and plates, accounting records, sales order files and litigation files;  
(j) to the extent their transfer is permitted by law, all Permits and
Environmental Permits, including all applications therefor;   (k) all rights
to causes of action, choses in action, lawsuits, judgments, claims (including
insurance claims, to the extent that the Buyer is added as an additional
insured under insurance policies or assigned rights thereto pursuant to
Section 5.7 hereof or otherwise has rights under such policies pursuant to
this Agreement) and demands of any nature available to or being pursued by
the Seller or any Predecessor with respect to the Business or the ownership,
use, function or value of any Asset, whether arising by way of counterclaim
or otherwise;   (l) all guarantees, warranties, indemnities and
similar rights in favor of the Seller, any Predecessor or Ivex with respect
to any Assets;   (m) all interest in and to all rights and
benefits accruing in the Seller as lessee under all leases and rental
agreements covering machinery, equipment, tools, supplies, furniture or other
fixed assets;   (n) all of the Seller\'s right, title and interest in
and to all goodwill relating to the Business throughout the world;   (o)
all of the outstanding capital stock of the Mexican Subsidiary; and   (p)
all other tangible, intangible and inchoate property and rights relating to
the Business.   1.2 Excluded Assets. The Seller will retain and not
transfer, and the Buyer will not purchase or acquire, the following
assets (collectively, the "Excluded Assets"):   (a) amounts representing
Tax assets of any nature including, without limitation, refunds of any Taxes
attributable to periods prior to Closing and any Tax attributes, such as Tax
loss carryforwards of the Seller; and, for the avoidance of doubt, such
amounts shall be excluded from the Closing Date Balance Sheet;   (b)
subject to the provisions of Section 5.13 hereof, any right, title or
interest in the names "Ivex" and "Ultra Pac" or any part or variation of such
names or anything confusingly similar thereto;   (c) all accounts receivable
not set forth on the Closing Date Balance Sheet, customer lists and other
goodwill, in each case, to the extent relating to the Seller\'s cohesive
packaging business;   (d) cash as of the Closing Date;   (e) fee interest
to Bellwood facility;   (f) all Tax Returns and Tax records of the Seller;
and   (g) assets not primarily relating to the Business, including, without
limitation, those assets listed on Schedule 1.2 hereto.   Any asset,
property or right of the Seller owned, used or held primarily for use in the
conduct of the Business and omitted from the definition of "Excluded Assets"
shall be included in the definition of "Assets." The parties covenant and
agree that they shall promptly take all action reasonably required, either
before or after the Closing to convey the Assets to the Buyer in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.   1.3 Assumption of Liabilities  
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Closing, the
Buyer shall assume, and agree to pay, honor and discharge when due, all of
the following liabilities relating to the Business and the Assets
(collectively, the "Assumed Liabilities"):   (1) any and all liabilities,
obligations and commitments relating to the Business or the Assets that are
(x) reflected in the Closing Date Balance Sheet, or (y) otherwise assumed
under the provisions of this Agreement; and   (2) any and all liabilities,
obligations and commitments (whether accrued, absolute or contingent, whether
known or unknown) arising out of the Business or the operation of the Assets
prior to the Closing Date, including, without limitation, (i) any and all
liabilities, obligations and commitments arising from the Contracts set forth
on Schedule 3.13 and (ii) subject to Section 1.4, all liabilities
arising under Environmental Laws from the conduct of the Business or the
ownership, lease or operation of the Assets prior to the Closing Date.  
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, and in addition to and
not in limitation of the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by the Buyer,
the Buyer shall be solely responsible for the timely payment or other
satisfaction of all of the liabilities, obligations and commitments arising
in connection with the conduct of the Business or the use, ownership or
operation of the Assets on and after the Closing Date. No Tax liabilities of
the Seller or its Affiliates arising prior to the Closing Date shall be
included, or be deemed to be included, within the definition of the Assumed
Liabilities.   Section 1.4 Excluded Liabilities. Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 1.3 or any other provision hereof or any Schedule
or Exhibit hereto and regardless of any disclosure to the Buyer, the
Buyer shall not assume any of the following liabilities, obligations
or commitments (whether accrued, absolute or contingent, whether known
or unknown, whether disclosed or not disclosed, whether due or to become
due and whether arising from the Assets or otherwise) of the Seller or
its Affiliates (all such liabilities, the "Excluded Liabilities"): (i) all
bank and other indebtedness of the Seller and its Affiliates, except to
the extent expressly set forth on the Closing Date Balance Sheet; (ii) any
and all liabilities and obligations arising under Environmental Laws
with respect to the Bellwood facility; (iii) any and all liabilities
and obligations arising under Environmental Laws with respect to the
Newton facility; provided, however, that if Buyer or any Affiliate of
Buyer acquires title to such facility pursuant to the terms and conditions of
the New Sublease, then all of these liabilities shall become, in
accordance with Section 10.6(b) hereof, "Assumed Liabilities" for all
purposes of this Agreement; (iv) any and all liabilities and obligations
relating to or arising from all bonuses, incentive and similar payments
payable to the employees or consultants of the Seller or Ivex in connection
with the sale of the Assets and the Business and the consummation of the
Contemplated Transactions; (v) any and all liabilities and obligations
relating to or arising from workers\' compensation claims of the employees of
the Seller arising prior to the Closing Date; (vi) any and all liabilities
and obligations relating to or arising from the businesses conducted by
the Seller and its Affiliates (including therein the consumer
packaging business distributed by Seller to IPC pursuant to the
Distribution Agreement) other than the Business or the Assets; and (vii) (A)
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any liability of the Seller
for income, capital gains, franchise, transfer, sales, use and other Taxes
(as defined herein) whether or not relating to the Business and whether or
not incurred prior to the Closing or (B) any liability of the Seller for
the unpaid Taxes of any Person, including Taxes imposed on the Seller as
a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise; and (viii) any and
all liabilities relating to or arising from all intercompany indebtedness
and accounts owed by the Business to the Seller or its Affiliates.  
Section 1.5 Consent of Third Parties. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not constitute an agreement
to assign or transfer any Permit, Environmental Permit, instrument, Contract,
lease, or other agreement or arrangement or any claim, right or benefit
arising thereunder or resulting therefrom if an assignment or transfer or an
attempt to make such an assignment or transfer without the consent of a third
party or governmental or regulatory body would constitute a breach or
violation thereof or affect adversely the rights of the Buyer or the Seller
thereunder, and any transfer or assignment to the Buyer by the Seller of any
interest under any such Permit, Environmental Permit, instrument, Contract,
lease or other agreement or arrangement that requires the consent of a third
party shall be made subject to such consent or approval being obtained. In
the event any such consent or approval is not obtained by the Seller as
contemplated by Section 7.12 on or prior to the Closing Date, the Seller, if
the Closing shall have occurred, shall continue to use all reasonable efforts
to obtain any such approval or consent after the Closing Date. Until such
time as such consent or approval has been obtained, the Seller and each of
its Affiliates will cooperate with the Buyer in any lawful and
commercially practicable arrangement to provide that the Buyer shall receive
the interests of the Seller and its Affiliates, as the case may be, in
the benefits under any such instrument, contract, lease, Permit,
Environmental Permit, or other agreement or arrangement, including
performance by the Seller and its Affiliates, as the case may be, as agent.
Nothing in this Section 1.5 shall be deemed a waiver by the Buyer of its
right to have received on or before the Closing Date an effective assignment
of all of the Assets nor shall this Section 1.5 be deemed to constitute an
agreement to exclude from the Assets any assets described under Section
1.1.   1.6 Purchase Price. The Assets will be purchased by the Buyer from
the Seller on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 2.1), and subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for an aggregate purchase price
(the "Base Purchase Price") of One Hundred Thirteen Million United States
Dollars (U.S. $113,000,000) payable as provided in Section 1.7, and subject
to adjustment in accordance with Sections 1.8 and 1.9 hereof (the Base
Purchase Price, as so adjusted, the "Purchase Price").   1.7 Payments at the
Closing. At the Closing, the Base Purchase Price, net of the funds of the
Buyer (if any) that are required to be deposited in the escrow account
established pursuant to the Troy Escrow Agreement, as defined herein, shall
be paid by the Buyer to the Seller in cash by wire transfer of immediately
available funds.    1.8 Base Purchase Price Adjustment.   (1) The Base
Purchase Price shall be adjusted after the Closing Date as follows:   If
the amount of net assets (being the difference between assets and
liabilities), exclusive of goodwill ("Closing Net Assets"), reflected on the
Closing Balance Sheet (as defined below), is greater than Forty-four million
five hundred thousand United States Dollars ($44,500,000), the Base Purchase
Price shall be increased by an amount equal to the difference between the
amount of such Closing Net Assets and $44,500,000. If the amount of Closing
Net Assets is less than $44,500,000, the Base Purchase Price shall be
decreased by an amount equal to the difference between Closing Net Assets and
$44,500,000.   (This adjustment is hereinafter referred to as the "Net
Assets Adjustment")   The Buyer shall pay to the Seller or Seller shall pay
to the Buyer, as the case may be, an amount in cash equal to the Net
Assets Adjustment within fifteen (15) days after the finalization of the
Closing Balance Sheet (as hereinafter defined).   (2) Within ninety (90)
days after the Closing Date, the Buyer shall prepare an audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Business as of the Closing Date but immediately prior to
the Closing (the "Draft Closing Balance Sheet") containing the items listed
on Schedule 1.8(2) hereto. The Draft Closing Balance Sheet will fairly
present the items listed on Schedule 1.8(2) hereto as of the Closing Date
and, except as noted on Schedule 1.8(2), shall be prepared in accordance with
GAAP applied on a basis consistent with that of the Financial Statements (as
defined in Section 3.7). With respect to the preparation of the Draft Closing
Balance Sheet, subject to Schedule 1.8(2), no change in accounting principles
shall be made from those utilized in preparing the Financial Statements and
the Balance Sheet including, without limitation, with respect to the nature
of accounts, or the determination of the level of reserves or level
of accruals. For purposes of the preceding sentence, "changes in
the accounting principles" include all changes in accounting
principles, policies, practices, procedures or methodologies with respect to
financial statements, their classification or their display, as well as all
changes in practices, methods, conventions or assumptions (unless required
by objective changes in underlying events) utilized in making
accounting estimates. Buyer and Seller shall use their best efforts to
complete a physical count of the Inventories on or before the close of
business on the Closing Date. Buyer\'s independent certified public
accountants ("Buyer\'s Accountants") and the Seller\'s independent certified
public accountants ("Seller\'s Accountants") shall be entitled to participate
in, observe and review such audit of the inventory. The Draft Closing Balance
Sheet (together with any work papers or other such items as the Seller
shall reasonably request) shall be delivered in written form to the Seller
not more than ninety (90) days after the Closing Date and shall become
final and binding upon the parties unless the Seller gives written notice of
its disagreement (a "Notice of Disagreement") to the Buyer within thirty
(30) days after receiving the Draft Closing Balance Sheet specifying
the Seller\'s disagreement with the Draft Closing Balance Sheet. If a Notice
of Disagreement is received by the Buyer in a timely manner, then the
Draft Closing Balance Sheet shall become final and binding upon the parties
on the earlier of (x) the date the Seller and the Buyer resolve in writing
any differences they may have with respect to any matter specified in
the Notice of Disagreement and (y) the date any Disputed Matters
(as hereinafter defined) are finally resolved in writing by the Arbitrator
(as hereinafter defined). Any such Notice of Disagreement shall state
in reasonable detail the nature of any disagreement so asserted. During
a period of thirty (30) days following the date of the Notice
of Disagreement, the Seller and Buyer shall promptly attempt to resolve
in writing any differences that they may have with respect to any
matter specified in the Notice of Disagreement. If, at the end of such thirty
(30) day period, amounts remain in dispute, then all such matters as
specified in the Notice of Disagreement as to which such written agreement
has not been reached (the "Disputed Matters") shall be submitted to
arbitration. All of the costs and expenses of preparing the Draft Closing
Balance Sheet shall be borne by the Buyer.   In the event a Disputed Matter
is submitted to arbitration for review by an arbitrator (the "Arbitrator"),
and the Buyer and the Seller are unable to agree upon the identity of the
Arbitrator, the Seller and the Buyer shall each select one of the "Big Five"
accounting firm having no other relationship with any party hereto during the
past two (2) years and such accountants shall agree upon the identity of the
Arbitrator, and if such accountants cannot agree as to the identity of the
Arbitrator, then each accounting firm shall select one nominee and the
Arbitrator shall be chosen by lot. The fees and expenses of the Arbitrator
with respect to the settlement of all Disputed Matters shall be borne equally
by Buyer, on one hand, and the Seller, on the other hand. The Arbitrator
shall determine, based solely on the provisions of this Section 1.8 and the
presentations by the Seller and the Buyer, and not by independent review,
only those issues still in dispute and only as to whether such amounts were
arrived at in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with that of
the Financial Statements (except as noted on Schedule 1.8(2)), and
Section 1.8(2) hereof. The Arbitrator\'s determination shall be made within
thirty (30) days of the Arbitrator\'s selection, shall be set forth in a
written statement delivered to the Seller and the Buyer and shall be final,
binding and conclusive.   (3) As used herein, "Closing Balance Sheet" shall
refer to the Draft Closing Balance Sheet in the form in which it becomes
final in accordance with the foregoing procedure.   (4) Prior to Closing,
Buyer and Seller shall agree on the allocation of the portion of the Purchase
Price (as may be adjusted pursuant to Section 1.8 only) that is allocable to
real estate, equipment, machinery, fixtures, furniture, vehicles, leasehold
improvements, trademarks and know-how and the stock of the Mexican
Subsidiary. Within fifteen (15) days following the finalization of the
Closing Date Balance Sheet, Buyer and Seller shall agree upon the allocation
of the balance of the Purchase Price among the remaining Assets. All such
allocations shall be made in accordance with the principles of Section 1060
of the Code. Buyer and Seller agree to file all Tax Returns in a manner that
is consistent with such allocations, and to take no position that
is inconsistent with such allocations in any audit or other proceeding.  
1.9 Earn-Outs.   (a) Earn-Out Payments. In addition to the payment of
the Base Purchase Price as provided for herein (as adjusted pursuant to
Section 1.8), the Buyer shall pay to the Seller, as additional consideration
for the sale of the Assets and the Business, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Section 1.9, an additional amount
(an "Earn-Out Payment") in cash in accordance with the following terms:  
(i) in the event that, with respect to the Business, earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2000 ("Fiscal 2000") equals at least $15,216,000 (the
"Fiscal 2000 Target"), the Buyer shall pay to the Seller an amount of
$1,000,000 in cash;   (ii) in the event that, with respect to the
Business, EBITDA for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2001 ("Fiscal 2001")
equals at least $19,306,000 (the "Fiscal 2001 Target"), the Buyer shall pay
to the Seller an amount of $1,000,000 in cash (in addition to any Earn-Out
Payment that may be payable with respect to Fiscal 2000 pursuant to
subsection (a)(i) above); and   (iii) in the event that, with respect to
the Business, EBITDA for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2002 ("Fiscal
2002") equals at least $22,213,000 (the "Fiscal 2002 Target," and together
with the Fiscal 2000 Target and the Fiscal 2001 Target, sometimes
collectively referred to herein as the "Earn-Out Targets"), the Buyer shall
pay to the Seller an amount of $1,000,000 in cash (in addition to any Earn-
Out Payments that may be payable with respect to Fiscal 2000 and Fiscal
2001 pursuant to subsections (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above).   The Buyer and
Seller agree and acknowledge that EBITDA shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of Section 1.9(d), and shall only include EBITDA
generated from the conduct of the Business by the Buyer after the Closing
Date, and shall not include any EBITDA generated by operations of the Buyer
not involving the Business. In the event that Buyer shall transfer any
material portion of the Assets or any material portion of the Business to an
Affiliate, EBITDA generated by such Affiliate as a result of the operations
of such Assets or the conduct of such portion of the Business shall be
included in the Business\' EBITDA. If Buyer shall transfer any material
portion of the Assets or any material portion of the Business to a third
party other than an Affiliate of the Buyer and such transfer has an effect on
the Business\' EBITDA, then at the request of Buyer or Seller, Buyer and
Seller shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing on new Earn-Out
Targets that will reflect the impact of such transfer on EBITDA. EBITDA shall
be calculated without giving effect to extraordinary items (including
extraordinary gains and losses) as contemplated by GAAP or other one-time
charges or gains, such as, with respect to charges, "restructuring charges."
The Business\'s EBITDA may be reduced by reasonable charges or allocations
from Buyer or its Affiliates that reasonably primarily benefit the
Business.   (b) Partial Earn-Out Payments. If, in any of Fiscal
2000, Fiscal 2001 or Fiscal 2002, the respective Earn-Out Targets
attributable to such years are not satisfied but at least 90% of the
applicable Earn-Out Target shall have been reached, the Seller shall
nevertheless be entitled to be paid that portion of the full Earn-Out Payment
(that would otherwise have been payable with respect to such fiscal year)
equal to the sum of (x) $500,000 and (y) the amount which is obtained by the
product of (i) $50,000 and (ii) the number of percentage points (not to
exceed ten) by which the amount obtained by dividing (A) actual EBITDA for
such fiscal year by (B) the Earn-Out Target for such fiscal year exceeds 90
percentage points.   (c) Make-Up Earn-Out Payments. Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 1.9(a) (i), (ii) and (iii) above, in the event
that any of the Earn-Out Payments (or any portion thereof, pursuant
to subsection (b) above) provided for above are not actually paid as a
result of the failure to satisfy any of the respective Earn-Out Targets, but
the sum of EBITDA for each of Fiscal 2000, Fiscal 2001 and Fiscal 2002
shall represent at least 90% of the sum of the Earn-Out Targets (such ratio,
the "Final EBITDA Ratio"), such amounts not actually paid shall be
paid subsequent to Fiscal 2002 (on the date determined pursuant to
Section 1.9(d) below) in an amount equal to the difference between: (x) the
sum of $1,500,000 plus the product of (i) $150,000 and (ii) the number
of percentage points (not to exceed ten) by which the Final EBITDA
Ratio exceeds 90 percentage points, and (y) the sum of the Earn-Out Payments
or partial Earn-Out Payments, as the case may be, previously paid or
owing. Schedule 1.9(c) sets forth an example of such calculation.   (d)
Within ninety (90) days after the end of each of Fiscal 2000, Fiscal 2001 and
Fiscal 2002, the Buyer shall cause to be prepared an audited income statement
(the "Statement") setting forth EBITDA for such year, as well as the
information used in determining such EBITDA. The Statement shall be prepared
in accordance with GAAP. The Seller shall then have thirty (30) days,
following the receipt thereof, to review the Statement, and the Statement
will become final and binding upon the parties unless the Seller gives
written notice of its disagreement (a "Statement Notice of Disagreement") to
the Buyer within thirty (30) days after receiving the Statement specifying
the Seller\'s disagreement with the Statement. If a Statement Notice of
Disagreement is received by the Buyer in a timely manner, then the Statement
shall become final and binding upon the parties on the earlier of (x) the
date the Seller and the Buyer resolve in writing any differences they may
have with respect to any matter specified in the Statement Notice of
Disagreement and (y) the date any Statement Disputed Matters (as hereinafter
defined) are finally resolved in writing by the Arbitrator (as hereinafter
defined). Any such Statement Notice of Disagreement shall state in reasonable
detail the nature of any disagreement so asserted. During a period of thirty
(30) days following the date of the Statement Notice of Disagreement, the
Seller and Buyer shall promptly attempt to resolve in writing any differences
that they may have with respect to any matter specified in the Statement
Notice of Disagreement. If, at the end of such thirty (30) day period, any
amounts remain in dispute then all such matters as specified in the
Statement Notice of Disagreement as to which such written agreement has not
been reached (the "Statement Disputed Matters") shall be submitted
to arbitration. All of the costs and expenses of preparing the Statement
shall be borne by the Buyer.   In the event a Statement Disputed Matter is
submitted to arbitration for review by an arbitrator (the "Statement
Arbitrator"), if the Buyer and the Seller are unable to agree upon the
identity of the Statement Arbitrator, the Seller and the Buyer shall each
select one of the "Big Five" accounting firm having no other relationship
with any party hereto during the then previous two (2) years and such
accountants shall agree upon the identity of the Statement Arbitrator, and if
such accountants cannot agree as to the identity of the Statement
Arbitrator, then each accounting firm shall select one nominee and the
Statement Arbitrator shall be chosen by lot. The fees and expenses of the
Statement Arbitrator with respect to the settlement of all Statement Disputed
Matters shall be borne equally by the Buyer and the Seller. The
Statement Arbitrator\'s determination shall be made within thirty (30) days
of the Statement Arbitrator\'s selection, shall be set forth in a written
statement delivered to the Seller and the Buyer and shall be final, binding
and conclusive.   The Buyer shall pay to the Seller the Earn-Out Payment
as calculated and finally determined in accordance with this Section
1.9 within thirty (30) days after such final determination.   (e) Interest.
Interest, payable by the Buyer, shall accrue on the amount of each Earn-Out
Payment or any payment pursuant to Section 1.9(c) (without duplication) at a
rate per annum of 7.0% from and after the Closing Date to the date such Earn-
Out Payment is made.   2. The Closing.   2.1 Closing; Closing Date. The
Closing of the sale and purchase of the Assets contemplated hereby shall take
place (a) at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom, Four Times
Square Plaza, New York, New York 10036 as soon as practicable following
satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in Sections 6, 7
and 8 hereof, but in no event later than May 31, 2000 (unless extended by the
Seller and the Buyer in writing), or (b) at such other place, time or date as
the Buyer and the Seller agree in writing. The time and date upon which the
Closing occurs is herein called the "Closing Date."   3. Representations
and Warranties of the Seller. The Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer
as provided in this Section 3:   2.1 Due Incorporation and Authority.  
(1) Each of the Seller and Ivex de Mexico S.A. de C.V. (the "Mexican
Subsidiary") is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all
requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its
respective properties and to carry on its respective businesses as now being
conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good
standing or to have such power and authority would not have a material
adverse effect on the Seller\'s ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby (the "Contemplated Transactions").   (2) The Seller has
full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and
to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Seller of this Agreement and the consummation of the
Contemplated Transactions have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors
of the Seller, and no other corporate action on the part of the Seller is
necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by the Seller of this
Agreement or the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions. No vote of,
or consent by, the holders of any class or series of capital stock issued by
the Seller or Ivex is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by
the Seller of this Agreement or the consummation of the Contemplated
Transactions.   3.2 Execution, Validity of Agreement. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by the Seller, and assuming due and
valid authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the Buyer, is a valid
and binding obligation of the Seller, enforceable against the Seller
in accordance with its terms except (a) as limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and
other similar laws of general application affecting enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and (b) the availability of the remedy of
specific performance or injunctive or other forms of equitable relief may be
subject to equitable defenses and would be subject to the discretion of the
court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.   3.3
Capitalization of Mexican Subsidiary. The Mexican Subsidiary is authorized to
issue 1,000 shares of common stock, of which 1,000 shares are issued and
outstanding. All of such shares have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are outstanding as fully-paid and non-assessable shares. All of such
outstanding shares are owned by the Seller (except for director qualifying
shares) and, as of the Closing Date, shall be owned by the Seller free and
clear of any Liens. There are no shareholders\' agreements, pooling
agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or understandings with respect
to the voting of such shares. No other class of shares of the Mexican
Subsidiary is issued or outstanding. The stock certificates, stock powers,
endorsements, assignments and other instruments to be delivered by the Seller
to the Buyer at the Closing will effectively vest in the Buyer good title to
all the shares of the Mexican Subsidiary, free and clear of all Liens, except
restrictions on transfer imposed by the Securities Act, any applicable state
securities laws and any applicable securities laws under the laws of Mexico.
There is no outstanding right, subscription, warrant, call, pre-emptive
right, option, or other agreement of any kind to purchase or otherwise to
receive from the Mexican Subsidiary any of the outstanding, authorized but
unissued, unauthorized or treasury shares or any other security of the
Mexican Subsidiary, and there is no outstanding security of any kind
convertible into any such capital stock.   3.4 Reserved.   3.5
Reserved.   3.6 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Seller has
provided Buyer with true, complete and accurate copies of the Mexican
Subsidiary\'s Articles of Association and By- laws (certified by the Mexican
Subsidiary\'s secretary), as in effect on the date hereof.   3.7 Financial
Statements. (1) True and complete copies of the audited consolidated balance
sheets of Ivex (as defined herein) as at December 31, 1999 and December 31,
1998, together with consolidated statements of operations, consolidated
statements of changes in stockholders\' equity and cash flows for each of the
two fiscal years ended December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, all as
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP whose reports thereon are included
therein (collectively, the "Financial Statements"), are included in Schedule
3.7 hereto. The Financial Statements have been prepared from the books
and records of Ivex, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on
a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be stated
in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all material respects
the consolidated financial position and the consolidated results of
operations and cash flows (and changes in financial position, if any) of Ivex
as at the dates and for the periods referred to therein. The
unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Seller as of December 31, 1999
and 1998, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and
changes in financial position for the years then ended, fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Seller as at such dates and
the results of operations of the Seller for such respective periods, in
each case in accordance with GAAP consistently applied for the periods
covered thereby. (The foregoing unaudited financial statements of the Seller
as of and for December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, are sometimes
herein called the "Unaudited Financials".)   (2) The unaudited consolidated
balance sheet of the Seller as of March 31, 2000 and the related unaudited
consolidated statement of income and changes in financial position for the
three (3) months then ended fairly present in all material respects the
financial position of the Seller as at such date and the results of
operations of the Seller for the three (3) months then ended, in each case in
accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with that of the Financial
Statements (subject to normal year-end adjustments) and with all interim
financial statements of the Seller in respect of the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999. (The foregoing unaudited financial statements of the
Seller as of March 31, 2000 and for the three (3) months then ended are
sometimes herein called the "Interim Financials," the balance sheet included
in the Interim Financials is sometimes herein called the "Balance Sheet" and
March 31, 2000 is sometimes herein called the "Balance Sheet Date".)   3.8
No Material Adverse Change. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8 hereto, since
December 31, 1999, no material adverse effect has occurred nor has there been
any damage, destruction or loss which could have or has had a material
adverse effect whether or not covered by insurance.   3.9 Tax
Matters.Except as set forth on Schedule 3.9:   (a) Tax Returns. All material
federal, state, and local Tax Returns required to be filed by Seller have
been filed with the governmental or regulatory bodies in all jurisdictions in
which such Tax Returns are required to be filed. All Tax Returns filed by
Seller are true, correct and complete in all material respects and are in
compliance with all applicable laws. All amounts shown as due with respect
thereto have been paid. Seller has not received any written notice of
assessment or intention to assess from any taxing authority, and to Seller\'s
knowledge, none of its Tax Returns are currently under examination or
audit.   (b) Tax Liabilities on Assets. Seller has no material
Tax liabilities or Tax liens of any nature, whether accrued,
absolute, contingent or otherwise (including, without limitation, liabilities
as guarantor or otherwise with respect to Tax obligations of others,
or liabilities for Taxes due or accrued) which will encumber the Assets
after the Closing.   (c) U.S. Person. The Seller is a United States
person within the meaning of I.R.C.ss.7701(a)(30).   (d) Withholding Tax.
The sale of the Assets by the Seller to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement
is not subject to the withholding tax provisions of subchapter A of Chapter 3
of the Code..   3.10 Compliance with Laws. Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.10, the Seller and IPC and PPI (to the extent IPC and PPI owned
or operated the Business and the Assets) (IPC and PPI, and the entity
or entities of which they are the successors are, to the foregoing
extent, hereafter referred to as the "Predecessors") have complied, since
the beginning of the Statute of Limitations Period, in a timely manner with
all Laws except for violations or failures so to comply, if any, that are
not reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect. Schedule 3.10
(a) sets forth all licenses, permits, consents, orders,
approvals, registrations with or from any governmental or regulatory body,
that are necessary or appropriate to conduct the Business or operate the
Assets (collectively, "Permits") except those Permits where the failure to
have such a Permit would not have a material adverse effect. All Permits of
the Seller are in full force and effect and there are, or, with respect to
the Predecessors, there were no violations of any Permit, except for
violations that would not have a material adverse effect. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 3.10 shall not apply to Environmental Laws
(as defined in Section 3.23 hereof) and any Permits required thereunder,
which are exclusively the subject of the representations contained in
Section 3.23 hereof. All Permits of the Predecessors have been properly
transferred to, or reissued in the name of, Seller except where any such
failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect.   3.11 No Breach. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.11 hereto, the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Seller and
the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions will not (i)
violate, conflict with or result in the breach of any provision of the
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Seller; (ii) violate or result in
the breach of any of the terms of, result in a modification of, or otherwise
give any other contracting party the right to terminate, or declare a default
under, any Contract (as defined below); (iii) violate any order, writ,
judgment, injunction, award or decree of any court, arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory body against, or binding upon, the Business or the
Assets; (iv) violate any Law applicable to the Business or the Assets; or (v)
violate or result in the revocation or suspension of any Permit, excluding
from the foregoing clauses (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) such violations,
breaches or defaults which would not have a material adverse effect.   3.12
Actions and Proceedings. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.12 hereto, there
are no outstanding orders, judgments, injunctions, awards or decrees of any
court, arbitrator or governmental or regulatory body relating to the Business
or the Assets and there are no actions, suits or legal or administrative
proceedings pending, or to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened against or
involving the Business or the Assets, except for any orders, judgments,
injunctions, awards, decrees, actions, suits or proceedings which would not
have a material adverse effect.   3.13 Contracts. Schedule 3.13 sets forth a
complete and correct list of all of the written and oral contracts,
arrangements and agreements (other than purchase orders, receivables and
trade payables in the ordinary course of business) to which the Seller is a
party with an annual value (or with respect to guaranties, potential value)
in excess of $100,000 and which relate to the conduct of the Business or the
use or operation of the Assets (the "Contracts"): (i) contracts with any
current or former officer, director, shareholder, employee or consultant;
(ii) contracts with any labor union or association representing any employee;
(iii) contracts with any person to manufacture, sell, distribute, broker or
otherwise market any of the products sold or marketed in the conduct of the
Business; (iv) contracts for the sale of any Assets other than in the
ordinary course of business or for the grant to any person of any option or
preferential rights to purchase any Assets; (v) joint venture, partnership
and other similar agreements; (vi) contracts containing covenants not to
compete in any line of business or with any person in any geographical area
or covenants of any other person not to compete with the Seller in any line
of business or in any geographical area; (vii) contracts relating to
the acquisition by the Seller of any operating business or the capital stock
of any other person; (viii) contracts relating to the borrowing of money;
(ix) contracts obligating the Seller to guaranty or otherwise support
the liabilities or obligations of any other person; (x) contracts relating
to the ownership, operation or use of any real property; or (xi) any
other contracts pursuant to the terms of which there is either a current
or future obligation of the Seller to make or receive payments in excess
of $100,000. There have been made available to the Buyer true and
complete copies of all of the Contracts. All of such Contracts are valid and
binding upon the Seller in accordance with their terms, the Seller is not
in default under any of such Contracts, nor is any other party to any
such Contract in default thereunder, except for any default which would not
have a material adverse effect.   The Predecessors obtained all consents
and approvals necessary in order for all contracts relating to the Business
or the Assets (including therein the Contracts) to be validly assigned to
Seller and to be enforceable by Seller against the other party (or parties)
thereto, except where the failure to obtain such consents and approvals would
not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect.   3.14
Consents and Approvals. Except pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), and except as set forth
on Schedule 3.14 hereto, and except where the failure to obtain such consents
or approvals or make such filings or notices would not have a material
adverse effect, the execution and delivery by the Seller of this Agreement
and the performance by the Seller of its obligations hereunder do not require
the Seller or Ivex to obtain any consent or approval of, or make any filing
with or give any notice to, any governmental or regulatory body
(collectively, the "Required Consents"). The Predecessors obtained all
consents and approvals necessary in connection with the contribution of the
Business to the Seller pursuant to the Contribution Agreements, except where
the failure to obtain such consents and approvals would not reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect.   3.15 Real Estate.   3.15.1
Ownership of Real Property. The Seller has good and marketable title to the
land described in Schedule 3.15.1(a) hereto and to all of the buildings,
structures and other improvements located thereon (collectively, the "Owned
Real Property"), free and clear of any Liens or other matters affecting title
except (i) for the security interests of the Seller\'s lenders that will be
released simultaneously with the Closing, (ii) as disclosed by the
commitments from Chicago Title Insurance Company attached hereto as Schedule
3.15.1(b) (the "Owned Property Title Commitments") to issue a title insurance
policy with respect to the Owned Real Property; (iii) Liens for current taxes
and assessments not yet due and payable or that are being contested in good
faith so long as such contest does not involve any material danger of sale,
forfeiture, loss of any assets or claims against the Seller; (iv) for the
security interests of the City of Troy, Ohio that will be released
simultaneously with the Closing and (v) easements, rights of way,
restrictions (including zoning restrictions), restrictive covenants, matters
of plat, minor defects or irregulatories in title or other similar charges or
encumbrances which do not have a material adverse effect on the use of the
Real Property.   3.15.2 Leased Properties and Easements. (1) All leases and
subleases pursuant to which the Seller leases real property as lessor or
lessee are set forth on Schedule 3.15.2(a) (the "Leased Real Property," and
together with the Owned Real Property sometimes collectively referred to as
the "Real Property"). A commitment from Chicago Title Insurance Company to
issue a leasehold title policy with respect to the Leased Real Property is
attached hereto as Schedule 3.15.2(b) (the "Leased Property Title Commitment"
and, together with the Owned Property Title Commitments, the "Title
Commitments").   (2) All leases and subleases referred to in clause (1)
above are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms and
are in full force and effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15.2(c) , the
Seller is not in material default under any such lease or sublease, nor, to
the knowledge of the Seller, is any other party to any such lease or sublease
in material default thereunder.   (3) Except as set forth on Schedule
3.15.2(d) or as disclosed on the Title Commitments, there are no contracts,
licenses, rights-of-way, servitudes or easements of any type
whatsoever (collectively, the "Easements") under which the Seller uses or
occupies or has the right to use or occupy, now or in the future, any real
property owned by third parties.   3.15.3 Entire Premises. Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.15.3, all of the land, buildings and structures used by
the Seller in the conduct of the Business or the operation of the Assets are
included in the Real Property. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15.3, all of
the machinery, equipment and fixtures used by the Seller in the conduct of
the Business or the operation of the Assets at the Leased Real Property
are included in the Assets.   3.15.4 Additional Real Property Rights. The
Owned Real Property shall be deemed to include the following other property,
rights and easements, with respect to each parcel of Owned Real Property:  
(1) All machinery, equipment and fixtures of every kind and nature whatsoever
now used in connection with the operation and maintenance of the Owned Real
Property, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any of
the following: boilers, pumps, tanks, electric panel switchboards, lighting
equipment and wiring, heating, plumbing and ventilating apparatus, elevators,
escalators, conveyors, hoists, platforms, stairways and tracks,
refrigerating, air-conditioning and air-cooling equipment and, in addition
thereto, all machinery, apparatus, appliances, tools, fittings and articles
of personal property of whatever kind or nature located in or upon the Owned
Real Property and used or usable in connection with the operation and
maintenance of the Owned Real Property including, without limitation, spare
parts and supplies. The foregoing shall include all items now owned by the
Seller, all items hereinafter acquired by the Seller and all replacements of
any or all of the foregoing;   (2) All of Seller\'s right, title and
interest, if any, in and to any land lying in the bed of any street, road,
avenue or way, open or proposed, in front of or adjoining the Owned Real
Property, to the center thereof;   (3) All of Seller\'s right, title and
interest, if any, in and to all strips and gores adjacent to and abutting or
used in connection with the Owned Real Property;   (4) All of Seller\'s
right, title and interest, if any, in and to rights of way and easements for
access and utilities, and all other easements currently appurtenant to the
Owned Real Property, including but not limited to privileges or rights of way
over adjoining premises enuring to the benefit of the Owned Real Property or
the fee owner thereof and over such streets, lots, avenues and ways, and any
and all other appurtenances, privileges and hereditaments belonging to or in
any way appertaining to the Owned Real Property.   3.15.5 Condemnation.
There are no proceedings instituted or, to the knowledge of the Seller,
threatened, by any governmental or regulatory body to condemn or acquire the
Real Property or any portion thereof, by eminent domain.   3.15.6
Ownership. The Seller is the sole owner of the Owned Real Property and the
sole holder of any leasehold interest in the Leased Real Property. Except as
set forth in the Lease Agreement dated December 5, 1996 between State Street
Bank and Trust Company and IPC there does not exist, any option to purchase
all or any portion of the Real Property, or any other agreements whereby any
party may acquire any interest in the Real Property.   3.15.7 Insurance
Notices. The Seller has not received any written notice from any insurance
carrier or insurance rating bureau or similar agency regarding any dangerous,
illegal or other material condition requiring corrective action, with respect
to the Real Property, except for such conditions which would not represent a
significant threat to health or safety.   3.15.8 Sublease. The sublease,
dated as of December 15, 1999, between the Seller and IPC relating to the
Leased Real Property (the "Sublease") is in full force and effect and has not
been cancelled, modified, assigned or supplemented. There is no default of
landlord or tenant under the Sublease.   3.15.9 The Seller holds a valid
leasehold interest in  the Leased Real Property subject to Permitted
Exceptions.   3.15.10 Utilities. To Seller\'s knowledge, all
public utilities, including without limitation, sewer, water,
telephone, electricity and gas required for the operation of the Real
Property, enter through and in accordance with valid easements, except where
the failure to have the benefit of such valid easement would not have a
material adverse effect.   3.15.11 Restrictions. The Real Property is in
compliance with the terms and provisions of any restrictive covenants or
easements affecting the Real Property, except to the extent such
noncompliance would not have a material adverse effect.   3.16 Intangible
Property. Schedule 3.16 lists all of the material patents, trademarks, and
trade names, any applications for any of the foregoing, any applications or
registrations for copyrights, and any Permits, grants and licenses or other
rights running to or from the Seller relating to any of the foregoing that
are used to conduct the Business or operate the Assets (the "Intangible
Property"). The Seller has the right to use, free and clear of any claims or
rights of others all of the Intangible Property and all trade secrets, know-
how, processes, technology, blueprints, software and designs utilized in or
incident to the Business or the Assets (collectively, "Trade Secrets"),
except where the failure to own or possess the right to use such Intangible
Property or Trade Secrets would not have a material adverse effect. Schedule
3.16 also lists all material license agreements affecting the Intangible
Property. The Seller owns all of the Intangible Property and Trade Secrets
listed on Schedule 3.16 and, except as set forth on Schedule 3.16, there are
no pending or, to the Seller\'s knowledge, threatened actions, which affect,
or would reasonably be expected to affect, if adversely decided, the validity
or enforceability of the Intangible Property or Trade Secrets.   3.17 Title
to Assets. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Seller has good and
marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of the Assets free
and clear of any Liens, except for (i) any Liens specifically described in
the notes to the Unaudited Financials; (ii) Assets disposed of, or subject to
purchase or sales orders, in the ordinary course of business since the
Balance Sheet Date; (iii) any Liens securing taxes, assessments, governmental
or regulatory body charges or levies, or the claims of materialmen, carriers,
landlords and like persons, all of which are not yet due and payable or are
being contested in good faith, so long as such contest does not involve any
substantial danger of the sale, forfeiture, loss of any assets or claims
against the Seller; (iv) Assets held or used pursuant to any lease; (v) the
Permitted Exceptions (as defined in Schedule 7.2(1)) or (vi) purchase money
and lessor liens relating to Assets purchased or leased in the ordinary
course of business. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement by and between the
Seller and IPC, dated as of December 15, 1999 and the Contribution Agreement
by and between PPI and the Seller, dated as of December 15, 1999, the Seller
owns or has a valid leasehold interest in all assets used in the Business,
except those assets set forth on Schedule 3.17.   3.18 Suppliers and
Customers. Schedule 3.18 lists, by dollar volume paid, for the twelve months
ended December 31, 1999, (i) the 10 largest suppliers of the Seller, and (ii)
the 10 largest customers of the Seller. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.18,
since the Balance Sheet Date, there has not been any adverse change in the
business relationship of the Seller with any customer or supplier set forth
on Schedule 3.18.   3.19 Employee Benefit Plans.   (1) Schedule 3.19(a)
sets forth a true and complete list of each material bonus, deferred
compensation, incentive compensation, stock purchase, stock option,
employment, consulting, severance or termination pay, hospitalization or
other medical, life or other insurance, supplemental unemployment benefits,
cafeteria, dependent care, educational expense reimbursement, profit-sharing,
pension or retirement plan, program, agreement or arrangement, and each other
"employee benefit plan" (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employment
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder ("ERISA")), whether formal or informal,
written or oral, that is maintained or contributed to by the Seller or any of
its present Affiliates for the benefit of any employee, former employee,
consultant, officer or director of the Business (a "Benefit Plan"). The
Seller has heretofore made available to the Buyer a true and complete copy of
each written Benefit Plan and any amendments thereto and each agreement
creating or modifying any related trust or other funding vehicle.   (2) No
material liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA has been incurred
by the Seller, or any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that
together with the Seller would be deemed a "single employer" within the
meaning of Section 4001(b) of ERISA, that has not been satisfied in full
(other than for premiums to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation not yet
due and for the payment of benefits and contributions in the ordinary course
of business).   (3) The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation has
not instituted proceedings to terminate any Benefit Plan that is subject
to Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), or Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA (a "Title IV Plan") and no
condition exists that presents a material risk that such proceedings will
be instituted. To Seller\'s knowledge, the actuarial calculations provided
to the Buyer with respect to each such Benefit Plan are based on correct
and complete employee and former employee data.   (4) No Title IV Plan is a
"multi-employer pension plan", as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, nor is
any Title IV Plan a plan described in Section 4063(a) of ERISA.   (5) Each
Benefit Plan has been operated and administered in all material respects in
accordance with its terms and applicable law, including ERISA and the Code,
except as would not have a material adverse effect on the condition of the
plan sponsor.   (6) Each Benefit Plan intended to be "qualified" within the
meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code has been determined to be qualified by
the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and to the knowledge of the Seller,
nothing has occurred since the date of such determination that could
reasonably be expected to give the IRS grounds to revoke
such determination.   (7) Except for contributory group health plan
coverage for employees on Schedule 3.19 and for the union employees under
the collective bargaining agreement described on Schedule 3.13 and for
the elective continuation of group health plan benefits at no cost to
the employer, no nonbargaining employee or former nonbargaining employee of
the Business is entitled to, or has been promised, employee welfare
plan benefits after retirement.   3.20 Insurance. Except for workers\'
compensation claims occurring in the ordinary course of business, there are
no outstanding or pending claims against the Seller and the Predecessors of
more than $100,000 under any insurance policy of the Seller or the
Predecessors. Schedule 3.20 sets forth a list of all material policies or
binders of fire, liability, property and casualty, product liability,
workers\' compensation, vehicular, group life, health, accident and other
insurance held by or on behalf of the Seller, for the current fiscal year.
The Seller or the Predecessors, as the case may be, has or have paid all
premiums and other amounts which are due and payable under such policies. To
the Seller\'s knowledge, such policies and binders are in full force and
effect.   3.21 Operations of the Seller. Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.21, since December 31, 1999, the Seller has conducted the Business
and operated the Assets, taken as a whole, only in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice and has used reasonable efforts to
preserve its relationships with its customers and suppliers, and has not,
in connection with or relating to the Business or the Assets:   (1) except
for short-term bank or intra-company borrowings in the ordinary course of
business, incurred, assumed or guaranteed any indebtedness or obligations for
borrowed money, or modified the terms of any outstanding indebtedness (other
than immaterial modifications made in the ordinary course of business);  
(2) made any change in its accounting methods or practices or made any change
in depreciation or amortization policies or rates adopted by it;   (3)
entered into or modified any employment agreements, made any wage or salary
increase or bonus or incentive compensation increase, or any payment or
commitment to pay any severance or termination pay to any of its officers,
directors or employees or adopted, amended, modified or terminated any
Benefit Plan;   (4) except for intra-company advances made in the ordinary
course of business, made any loan or advance to any of its shareholders,
officers, directors or employees (other than travel advances made in the
ordinary course of business), or made any other loan or advance to any
person;   (5) except for materials and equipment acquired in the ordinary
course of business, made any acquisition of all the capital stock or business
of any other person;   (6) sold, leased, transferred, assigned,
mortgaged, pledged, encumbered or otherwise subjected to Lien any of its
Assets (other than the disposition of obsolete or unusable property in the
ordinary course of business);   (7) made any capital expenditure (or series
of related capital expenditures) either involving more than $100,000 or
outside the ordinary course of business;   (8) experienced any material
damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) from fire,
flood, explosion or other casualty;   (9) engaged in any transaction other
than in the ordinary course of business; or   (10) entered into any
agreement, contract, commitment or arrangement to do any of the
foregoing.   3.22 Reserved.   3.23 Environmental Protection. Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.23 or as would not have a material adverse effect:  
(1) The Seller and the Predecessors (i), since the date of their respective
acquisition of the applicable portion of the Business have been and are in
compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below), and are
not subject to any asserted liability or, to the Seller\'s knowledge, any
liability, in each case with respect to any applicable Environmental Laws,
(ii) hold and have held or have timely applied for all Environmental Permits
(as defined below) required to conduct the Business or operate the Assets (a
list of which is attached as Schedule 3.23A) and (iii) are and have been in
compliance with their Environmental Permits. All Environmental Permits of the
Predecessors have been properly transferred to, or reissued in the name of
Seller.   (2) neither the Seller nor any Predecessor has received any
written notice, demand, letter, claim or request for information alleging
that the Seller or any Predecessor may be in violation of, or liable under,
any Environmental Law;   (3) neither the Seller nor any Predecessor (i)
has entered into or agreed to any consent decree or order or is not subject
to any judgment, decree or judicial order relating to compliance
with Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits or the investigation,
sampling, monitoring, treatment, remediation, removal or cleanup of
Hazardous Materials (as defined below) and, to the knowledge of the Seller,
no investigation, litigation or other proceeding is pending or threatened
in writing with respect thereto, or (ii) is an indemnitor in connection
with any threatened or asserted claim by any third-party indemnitee for
any liability under any Environmental Law or relating to any
Hazardous Materials;   (4) none of the Real Property is listed or, to
the knowledge of the Seller, proposed for listing on the "National
Priorities List" under CERCLA, as updated through the date hereof, or any
similar state or foreign list of sites requiring investigation or
cleanup;   (5) the Seller has made available to the Buyer or
its representatives all reports of conditions related to compliance with,
or liability under, Environmental Laws; and   (6) the Seller or a
Predecessor has not waived any basis for the appeal of the Troy Title V draft
permit.   3.24 Schedules and Exhibits. Disclosure of any fact or item
in any Schedule or Exhibit hereto referenced by a particular paragraph
or Section in this Agreement shall, should the existence of the fact or
item or its contents be relevant to any other paragraph or Section of
this Agreement, be deemed to be disclosed with respect to such other
paragraph or Section of this Agreement whether or not an explicit cross-
reference appears, except where such disclosure lacks sufficient detail to
clearly and actually notify the Buyer as to its applicability to another
section for which it is intended to serve as disclosure.   3.25 Labor
Matters.   3.25.1 There is no labor strike, dispute, slowdown, stoppage or
lockout actually pending, or to the knowledge of Seller, threatened or
imminent, against the Seller.   3.25.2 The Seller is not a party to or bound
by any collective bargaining agreement with any labor organization applicable
to employees of the Seller and, to the Seller\'s knowledge, has no
obligation to bargain with any such labor organization, except, in each case,
as set forth on Schedule 3.13(ii).   3.25.3 Except as set forth on Schedule
3.13(ii), no labor union has been certified by the National Labor Relations
Board or recognized by the Seller (or any Predecessor) as bargaining agent
for any of the employees of the Seller.   3.25.4 The Seller has not
experienced any material work stoppage or other material labor difficulty
during the two-year period ending on the date hereof.   3.25.5 There is no
material unfair labor practice charge or complaint against the Seller pending
or, to the Seller\'s knowledge, threatened or imminent before the National
Labor Relations Board.   3.25.6 Since the enactment of the WARN Act, the
Seller (or any Predecessor) has not effectuated a "plant closing" (as defined
in the WARN Act) affecting any site of employment or one or more facilities
or operating units within any site of employment or facility of the
Seller, and there has not occurred a "mass layoff" (as defined in the WARN
Act) affecting any site of employment or facility of the Seller, and the
Seller is not subject to any similar liability under state or local law.  
3.26 Disclosure; No Implied Representations. Notwithstanding anything
contained in this Section 3 or any other provision of this Agreement, it is
the explicit intent of each party hereto that the Seller is making no
representation or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, beyond those
expressly given in this Agreement. In furtherance and not in limitation of
the foregoing, it is expressly understood by each party hereto that any cost
estimates, projections or other forward-looking statements contained in or
referred to in the Schedules hereto or in the offering materials that have
been provided to the Buyer are not and shall not be deemed to be
representations and warranties of the Seller.   4. Representations and
Warranties of the Buyer. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Seller as
follows:   4.1 Due Incorporation and Authority. (1) The Buyer is
a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority
to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as
now being conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing
and in good standing or to have such power and authority would not have
a material adverse effect on the Buyer\'s ability to consummate
the Contemplated Transactions.   (2) The Buyer has full corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
Contemplated Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by the
Buyer of this Agreement and the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions
have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Buyer, and no
other corporate action on the part of the Buyer is necessary to authorize
the execution and delivery by the Buyer of this Agreement or the
consummation of the Contemplated Transactions. No vote of, or consent by, the
holders of any class or series of stock issued by the Buyer is necessary to
authorize the execution and delivery by the Buyer of this Agreement or
the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.   4.2 Execution;
Validity of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
the Buyer, and assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery
hereof by the Seller, is a valid and binding obligation of the Buyer,
enforceable against the Buyer in accordance with its terms except (a) as
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent conveyance and other similar laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and (b) the availability of the
remedy of specific performance or injunctive or other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to equitable defenses and would be subject to the
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be
brought.   4.3 Consents and Approvals. Except pursuant to the HSR Act
and except where the failure to obtain such consents and approvals would
not have a material adverse effect on the Contemplated Transactions,
the execution and delivery by the Buyer of this Agreement and the
performance by the Buyer of its obligations hereunder do not require the
Buyer to obtain any consent or approval of, or make any filing with or give
notice to, any governmental or regulatory body.   4.4 No Breach. Neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Buyer nor the other documents
and instruments to be executed and delivered by Buyer pursuant hereto (a)
will violate any provision of the articles of organization or bylaws of
Buyer, (b) will violate or conflict with any applicable statute, law,
ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Buyer,
(c) will conflict with or constitute a default under any material contract,
commitment, understanding, arrangement, agreement or restriction of any kind
binding upon Buyer, or (d) will result in the creation of any lien or
other encumbrance upon any of Buyer\'s assets or properties, excluding from
the foregoing clauses (b), (c) and (d) such violations, breaches or
defaults which would not have a material adverse effect on the condition of
the Buyer.   4.5 Sufficient Funds. The Buyer or its Affiliates
currently have sufficient funds, in cash or cash equivalents and will at the
Closing have sufficient immediately available funds, in cash, to pay the
Purchase Price and to pay any other amounts payable pursuant to this
Agreement and to effect the Contemplated Transactions. The Buyer, based on
conditions that are now prevailing, knows of no circumstance or condition
that it expects will prevent the availability at the Closing of the
requisite financing to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.   4.6
Litigation. There is no claim, action, suit, proceeding or, to the knowledge
of the Buyer, governmental investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the
Buyer, threatened against the Buyer by or before any court or governmental or
regulatory body that would have or would reasonably be expected to impede the
ability of the Buyer to complete the Contemplated Transactions.   5.
Covenants and Agreements. The parties covenant and agree as follows:   5.1
Conduct of Business. From the date hereof through the Closing Date, the
Seller shall conduct the Business in the ordinary course and, without the
prior written consent of the Buyer, shall not undertake any of the actions
specified in Section 3.21.   5.2 Disclosure Schedule: Supplement, Amendments
and Updates.   (1) Seller shall, by notice in accordance with
this Agreement, supplement or amend any Schedule promptly after becoming
aware of any matter that would constitute a breach of any
representation, warranty or covenant contained herein. Such supplement or
amendment shall fully and clearly disclose the matter and specifically
identify the representation and/or Schedule that is being supplemented or
amended.   (2) No later than the second business day immediately preceding
the Closing Date, Seller shall update the Schedules to correctly reflect any
changes occurring during the period from the date hereof to such date.  
(3) If, in Buyer\'s reasonable judgment, a supplement or amendment of any
section of the Schedules by Seller pursuant to this Section 5.2 would have a
material adverse effect, then Buyer shall have the right to abandon the
Closing and Contemplated Transactions pursuant to Section 11.1, but such
abandonment shall, except as provided in Section 11.2, be Buyer\'s sole
remedy hereunder. Seller hereby acknowledges that Buyer may abandon the
Closing and Contemplated Transactions if such an update describes an event,
fact or circumstance that prevents one or more of the conditions set forth in
Section 7 from being satisfied.   5.3 Corporate Examinations and
Investigations. Prior to the Closing Date, the Buyer shall be entitled,
through its employees, representatives, agents and contractors to make such
investigation of the assets, liabilities, properties, business, operations
and condition of the Seller with respect to the Business, and such
examination of the books, records and condition of the Seller with respect to
the Business as the Buyer reasonably requests, subject to the terms of the
following sentence. Physical investigation of the Real Property may include
inspecting and testing any structures and the electrical, mechanical and HVAC
systems servicing the structures and may include inspecting the surface of
the Real Property; provided, however, that the Buyer shall not conduct any
invasive surface, subsurface or water testing without the Seller\'s prior
written consent, which Seller may withhold in its sole discretion. Any
such investigation or examination shall be conducted at reasonable times,
under reasonable circumstances and at the Buyer\'s expense. No investigation
by the Buyer shall diminish or obviate any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements of the Seller under this Agreement. In
order that the Buyer may have full opportunity to make such physical,
business, accounting and legal review, examination or investigation of the
business and affairs of the Seller with respect to the Business, the Seller
shall make available to the representatives of the Buyer during such period
all such information and copies of such documents concerning the affairs of
the Seller with respect to the Business as such representatives may
reasonably request and shall permit the agents, contractors and
representatives of the Buyer reasonable access to the properties of the
Seller with respect to the Business. If this Agreement terminates, the Buyer
and its Affiliates shall keep confidential and shall not use in any manner
any information or documents obtained from the Seller concerning its assets,
business and operations (unless readily ascertainable from public or
published information, or trade sources, or already known or subsequently
developed by the Buyer independently of any investigation of the Seller) and
shall promptly return to the Seller all of such information received from
the Seller and destroy any documents prepared by Buyer based upon
such information.   5.4 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process. The
Seller and Buyer agree that any legal action, suit or proceeding arising out
of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions may be instituted only
in the Federal courts within the State of New York, and each party agrees
not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any
such action, suit or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally
to the jurisdiction of such courts, that the action, suit or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the action, suit
or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter
hereof or thereof may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each party
further irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such New York courts in
any such action, suit or proceeding and that service of process may be
accomplished by delivering written notice to the other party in accordance
with the provisions contained in Section 12.3 hereof. Nothing herein
contained shall be deemed to affect the right of any party to serve process
in any manner permitted by law.   5.5 Expenses of Agreement. Except as
otherwise specifically provided in Sections 5.17(b) and 11.2(iii), the
Seller, on the one hand, and the Buyer, on the other hand, shall bear their
respective expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution
and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Contemplated
Transactions (including, without limitation, all fees and expenses of
agents, representatives, counsel and accountants); provided, however, that
the Buyer shall pay for the filing fee payable under the HSR Act.   5.6
Indemnification of Brokerage. The Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer
that, other than Merrill Lynch (the "Seller\'s Broker"), no broker, finder,
agent or similar intermediary has acted on behalf of the Seller in connection
with this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions, and that except for a
fee payable to the Seller\'s Broker which the Seller agrees to pay in full,
there are no brokerage commissions, finder\'s fees or similar fees or
commissions payable in connection therewith based on any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with the Seller. The Seller agrees to indemnify
and save the Buyer harmless from any claim or demand for commission or other
compensation by any broker, finder, agent or similar intermediary claiming to
have been employed by or on behalf of the Seller (including, without
limitation, the Seller\'s Broker), and to bear the cost of legal expenses
incurred in defending against any such claim.   The Buyer represents and
warrants to the Seller that other than PricewaterhouseCoopers Corporate
Finance S.A. (the "Buyer\'s Broker"), no broker, finder, agent or similar
intermediary has acted on behalf of the Buyer in connection with this
Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions, and that except for a fee payable
to the Buyer\'s Broker, there are no brokerage commissions, finders\' fees or
similar fees or commissions payable in connection therewith based on any
agreement, arrangement or understanding with the Buyer, or any action taken
by the Buyer. The Buyer agrees to indemnify and save the Seller harmless from
any claim or demand for commission or other compensation by any broker,
finder, agent or similar intermediary claiming to have been employed by or on
behalf of the Buyer (including, without limitation, the Buyer\'s Broker) and
to bear the cost of legal expenses incurred in defending against any such
claim.   5.7 Insurance. Prior to the Closing Date (1) the Seller shall have
delivered to Buyer complete and accurate copies of all of the
general liability, international liability, lead umbrella and excess
umbrella policies (collectively "Liability Policies") for the last five
fiscal years and copies of the property and casualty and automobile policies
presently in effect and shall have made available to Buyer and delivered to
Buyer, to the extent requested by Buyer, copies of all Liability Policies for
prior years to the extent available to Seller, and (2) the Seller shall
have delivered to Buyer an insurance certificate substantially in the form
of Exhibit L pursuant to which Buyer shall be added as an additional
insured on such Seller\'s Liability Policies for the current fiscal year.
In addition, with respect to "occurrence" based liability and
umbrella policies which covered the Seller with respect to the Business or
any Predecessor prior to the Closing Date (the "Former Policies"), the
Seller hereby grants and assigns to the Buyer all of its interest in the
Former Policies solely as they relate to the Business (including with respect
to claims proceeds in connection therewith). The Seller hereby agrees to
use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with and assist the
Buyer in making claims under the Former Policies relating to
liabilities pertaining to the Business. Solely for the foregoing purposes of
claiming against the insurance carriers, and only for such purposes, Seller
shall be deemed to be obligated to indemnify the Buyer to the extent, and
only to the extent, of insurance proceeds actually received by Seller or
any Predecessor.   5.8 Employees; Employee Benefits.   (1) If any
Retained Employee (as defined in Section 5.8(1)) becomes or continues to be a
participant in any employee benefit plan, practice or policy of the Buyer or
any of its Affiliates, such Retained Employee shall be given credit under
such plan for all service prior to the Closing Date with the Seller or any
predecessor employer (to the extent such credit was given by the Seller or
any predecessor employer), and all service with the Buyer following the
Closing Date but prior to the time such employee becomes such a participant,
for purposes of determining eligibility and vesting and for all other
purposes for which such service is either taken into account or recognized,
provided, however, such service need not be credited to the extent it would
result in a duplication of benefits, including benefit accrual under defined
benefit plans. Such service also shall apply for purposes of satisfying any
waiting periods, evidence of insurability requirements, or the application of
any preexisting condition limitations. Employees shall be given credit
for amounts paid under a corresponding benefit plan during the same period
for purposes of applying deductibles, copayments and out-of-pocket maximums
as though such amounts had been paid in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the comparable Buyer employee benefit plan. The Buyer
agrees to offer employment at the Closing to (i) all hourly employees and
active salaried employees at the Newton and Troy facilities and (ii)
those employees identified as "Chargeurs" on Schedule 5.8 with respect to
the Bellwood facility. All such employees are hereafter referred to as
the "Retained Employees."   (2) If any Retained Employee is discharged by
the Buyer as of or after the Closing, then the Buyer shall be responsible for
any and all severance costs for such Retained Employee. The Buyer shall
be responsible for all notices or payments due to any Retained Employees,
and all notices, payments, fines or assessments due to any governmental
or regulatory body, pursuant to any applicable Law, common law, statute,
rule or regulation with respect to the employment, discharge or layoff
of employees by the Buyer after the Closing, including the WARN Act and
any rules or regulations as have been issued in connection with the
foregoing.   (3) From and after the Closing, the Buyer shall be responsible
for, and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller and its Affiliates and
their officers, directors, employees, Affiliates and agents and the
fiduciaries (including plan administrators) of the Benefit Plans, from and
against any and all claims, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including
attorneys\' fees and expenses) and other liabilities and obligations relating
to or arising out of (i) all salaries, wages, commissions, employee incentive
or other compensation, severance, holiday, vacation, health, dental or
retirement benefits unpaid as of the Closing and post-Closing bonuses due to
any Retained Employee, in each case to the extent accrued on the Closing
Balance Sheet, and (ii) any claims of, or damages or penalties sought by, any
Retained Employee, or any governmental or regulatory body on behalf of or
concerning any Retained Employee, with respect to any act or failure to act
by the Buyer to the extent arising after the Closing from the employment,
discharge, layoff or termination of any Retained Employee.   (4) Upon the
terms and conditions hereinafter provided, Seller shall transfer, or cause
the trustee of the Ivex Packaging Corporation Retirement Plan (the "Ivex
401(k) Plan") to transfer, the account balances of the Retained Employees
participating in the Ivex 401(k) Plan to a tax-qualified 401(k) plan and
related trust to be established by the Buyer (the "Buyer 401(k) Plan"). The
Buyer shall establish or cause to be established the Buyer 401(k) Plan and
provide Seller with a copy of a favorable determination letter from the IRS
with respect to the Buyer 401(k) Plan. Upon receipt of such determination
letter, the Seller shall transfer, or cause the trustee of the Ivex 401(k)
Plan to promptly transfer, to the Buyer 401(k) Plan the assets and
liabilities of the Ivex 401(k) Plan attributable to the account balances of
Retained Employees determined as of the valuation date under the Ivex 401(k)
Plan immediately prior to the date of transfer. Seller and Buyer shall file
at least 30 days prior to the transfer any Form 5310As required to be filed
in connection with such transfer, and Buyer and Seller shall cooperate in the
preparation of such forms. The assets to be transferred from the Ivex 401(k)
Plan hereunder shall be in the form of cash or securities acceptable to
the Trustee of the Buyer 401(k) Plan and any notes representing loans
to Retained Employees and shall not be greater than, or less than, the
amount required to satisfy Section 414(l) of the Code. From and after the
date of such transfer, the Buyer shall have full responsibility for the
assets and liabilities transferred hereunder as sponsor of the Buyer 401(k)
Plan; provided, that the Seller and Buyer shall cause any inaccuracies in
the accounts transferred to be corrected promptly after becoming aware of
such inaccuracies. During the period from and after the Closing and prior to
the date of transfer, Seller shall continue to administer the Ivex 401(k)
Plan in respect of Retained Employees; provided however, that no
further contributions shall be made by or on behalf of Retained Employees for
any period from and after the Closing Date. Buyer shall deduct any
principal and interest payments due on any loan with respect to a Retained
Employee on or after the Closing but prior to the date of transfer of such
notes to the Buyer 401(k) Plan, from the Retained Employee\'s compensation
and remit such amount to the trustee of the Ivex 401(k) Plan in accordance
with written instructions provided by Seller. Seller shall provide Buyer
with the amount and payment due dates, along with such other documentation
that Buyer may reasonably request.   (5) Prior to the Closing, Seller shall
discontinue the participation of the Retained Employees in all Benefit Plans
(other than the LandCP; Corporation Pension Plan No. 004 and the LandCP; Pension
Plan No. 005 (collectively hereinafter called the "Defined Benefit Plans"))
and, except as otherwise provided in this agreement or any such plan, the
Retained Employees and their beneficiaries and dependants will cease as of
the Closing Date to participate in or be covered or entitled to benefits
under such plans or arrangements. In addition, concurrently with the Closing,
the Seller shall amend the Defined Benefit Plans to substitute the Buyer
as plan sponsor effective as of the Closing. Prior to the Closing, the
Buyer shall adopt as sponsor, effective as of the Closing, the Defined
Benefit Plans, and the related funding agreements. At the Closing, the Seller
shall deliver to the Buyer all documents and records relating to the
Defined Benefit Plans of which the Buyer becomes sponsor hereunder.   (6)
Through December 31, 2000, Retained Employees may continue to participate in
the Ivex Packaging Corporation Flexible Spending Account Plan (the "Ivex Flex
Plan"), including the health care and dependent care reimbursement options
thereunder, in accordance with the terms thereof as in effect from time to
time as though the transactions completed by the Agreement had not occurred,
and Buyer shall be treated as a participating employer thereunder through
December 31, 2000. Commencing at the Effective Time and continuing through
December 31, 2000, Buyer shall reduce the compensation of its employees
participating in the Ivex Flex Plan in accordance with their salary reduction
elections as agent for Buyer. In addition, Buyer will promptly pay Seller on
demand therefore (i) all reasonable administrative costs incurred as a result
of continued participation of Buyer\'s employees in the Ivex Flex Plan from
and after the Closing Date, and (ii) 7/12 of the excess, if any, of (A) the
aggregate claims paid before and after the Closing Date in respect of the
Plan Year ending December 31, 2000 to or on behalf of Buyer\'s employees
under the Ivex Flex Plan over (B) the aggregate amount of salary reductions
of Buyer\'s employees before and after the Closing Date in respect of such
plan year under the Ivex Flex Plan. Seller and Buyer shall cooperate
in providing each other all information reasonably requested in order
to provide for such continued participants in the Ivex Flex Plan.   (7) The
Seller\'s group health plan(s) shall provide all notices and coverage
required under Section 4980B of the Code and Part 6 of Title I of ERISA with
respect to qualifying events that occurred on or prior to the Closing Date
under such plan(s).   (8) The Seller shall use all reasonable
commercial efforts to provide Buyer with information needed by Buyer to
establish or cause Buyer to establish welfare benefit plans for Retained
Employees to be effective as of the Closing. Upon written request of the
Buyer communicated to the Seller at least seven (7) days before the Closing
Date, the Seller shall use its reasonable efforts to enable the Buyer to
continue to cover its eligible employees under any or all of the welfare
benefit plans of the Seller and its Affiliates for a period of up to three
(3) months after the Closing provided that such continued coverage is in
compliance with applicable law, is acceptable to the respective insurance
carriers, and does not include the Seller\'s self-insured medical coverage.
The Buyer shall pay the premium for the Buyer\'s employees under each plan
under which the Buyer elects to continue coverage of employees of the Buyer
no later than the date such premiums are due under the group insurance
contract.   (9) The noninsured group health plan(s) of the Seller and its
Affiliates shall pay (i) all covered expenses for health care
services rendered on or before the Closing Date, and (ii) all covered
expenses for health care services rendered after the Closing Date with
respect to retired salaried covered employees listed on Schedule 3.19 hereto
and their dependents. The Buyer shall have responsibility for group health
plan coverage for (i) health care services rendered after the Closing Date
with respect to Retained Employees and their dependents, and (ii) all
expenses for health care services rendered before and after the Closing Date
covered under the collective bargaining agreements assumed by the Buyer.  
(10) The short-term disability plan(s) of the Seller and its Affiliates shall
pay all benefits thereunder on account of illness or injury arising on or
before the Closing Date, whether such benefits became due before or after the
Closing Date, regardless of termination of the recipient\'s employment with
the Seller in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. Except for
claims that are payable by a state or an insurance company, the Seller shall
be responsible for all workers\' compensation benefits on account of
workplace injuries or illnesses arising on or before the Closing Date,
whether such benefits become due on or before the Closing Date or after the
Closing Date.   5.9 Transition Services. Except pursuant to any
transition services agreement to be entered into between the Seller or IPC
and the Buyer as of the Closing Date (the "Transition Services Agreement"),
all data processing, accounting, insurance, banking, personnel,
legal, communications and other products and services provided with respect
to the Business to the Seller by the Seller or any Affiliate of the
Seller, including any agreements or understandings (written or oral) with
respect thereto, shall terminate simultaneously with the Closing without
any further action or liability on the part of the parties
thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provision of any services
(similar to those contemplated by the preceding sentence) by the Seller or
IPC to the Buyer from and after the Closing shall be for the convenience, and
at the expense, of the Buyer only and shall be furnished without any
liability on the part of the Seller or IPC with respect thereto, except for
gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Seller or IPC.  
5.10 [Reserved]   5.11 [Reserved]   5.12 Maintenance of Books and Records.
Each of the parties hereto shall preserve, until at least the third
anniversary of the Closing Date, all pre-Closing Date records possessed or to
be possessed by such party relating to the Business or the Assets (provided
that the foregoing shall not abridge Seller\'s obligation to transfer all
books and records that constitute Assets). After the Closing Date and up
until at least the third anniversary of the Closing Date, upon any reasonable
request from a party hereto or its representatives, the party holding such
records shall (a) provide to the requesting party or its representatives
reasonable access to such records during normal business hours and (b) permit
the requesting party or its representatives to make copies of such records,
in each case at no cost to the requesting party or its representatives
(other than for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses); provided, however,
that nothing herein shall require either party to disclose any information
to the other if such disclosure would jeopardize any attorney-client or
other legal privilege or contravene any applicable law. Upon Buyer\'s
written request delivered to Seller within thirty (30) days after the
expiration of such period, all records pertaining to the Business or the
Assets shall be delivered from Seller to Buyer. Such records may be sought
under this Section for any reasonable purpose, including to the extent
reasonably required in connection with the audit, accounting, tax,
litigation, federal securities disclosure or other similar needs of the party
seeking such records. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any and all such records
may be destroyed by a party if such destroying party sends to the other
parties hereto written notice of its intent to destroy such records,
specifying in reasonable detail the contents of the records to be destroyed,
such records may then be destroyed after the 30th day following such notice
unless the other party hereto notifies the destroying party that such other
party desires to obtain possession of such records, in which event
the destroying party shall transfer the records to such requesting party
and such requesting party shall pay all reasonable expenses of the
destroying party in connection therewith.   5.13 Seller\'s Trademarks and
Logos. Except as expressly set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, it is expressly
agreed that (a) the Assets shall not include any right, title or interest in
the name "Ivex" or "Ultra Pac" or any part or variation of such names or
anything confusingly similar thereto and (b) neither the Buyer nor its
Affiliates shall make any use of the names "Ivex" or "Ultra Pac" from and
after the Closing; provided, however, that the Buyer will be entitled to
retain and use for a period of four (4) years following the Closing Date, and
such right shall be deemed to be included in the Assets, the name "Ivex," but
only in conjunction with the name "Novacel" in the conduct of the Business
after the Closing.   5.14 Insurance Policies. (a) Except as provided in
subsection (c) and in Section 5.7, the Buyer shall not, and shall cause the
Buyer\'s Affiliates not to, assert, by way of claim, action, litigation
or otherwise, any right to any Insurance Policy or any benefit under any
such Insurance Policy. Except as provided in subsection (c) and in Section
5.7, the Seller and its Affiliates shall retain all right, title and interest
in and to the Insurance Policies, including the right to any credit or
return premiums due, paid or payable in connection with the termination
thereof. The term "Insurance Policy" shall mean any insurance policy
maintained by the Seller or any of its Affiliates, other than any state
workers\' compensation policy, the premiums of which are paid by the Seller
prior to the Closing Date.   (b) Except as provided in subsection (c) and
in Section 5.7, at the Closing, the Buyer shall release, and shall cause
its Affiliates, to release, all rights to all Insurance Policies or
similar insurance which covered the Seller prior to the Closing Date. Except
as provided in subsection (c) and in Section 5.7, all Insurance
Policies issued prior to the Closing Date in the name of or to the Seller or
its Affiliates shall remain with the Seller or its Affiliates.   (c) The
Buyer shall retain all rights under any state workers\' compensation policy
the premiums of which are paid directly by the Seller or its Affiliates prior
to the Closing.   5.15 Mutual Cooperation. As soon as practicable, but in
any event within thirty (30) days after either the Buyer\'s or the
Seller\'s request, the Buyer shall deliver to the Seller or the Seller shall
deliver to the Buyer, as the case may be, such information and other data
relating to the Assets, including but not limited to the Tax Returns and
Taxes of the Seller and shall provide such other assistance as may reasonably
be requested, to cause the completion and filing of all Tax Returns or
to respond to audits by any taxing authorities with respect to any Tax
Returns or taxable periods or to otherwise enable the Buyer or the Seller
to satisfy their accounting or Tax requirements. For a period of five
(5) years from and after the Closing, the Buyer and the Seller shall, and
shall cause their affiliates to, maintain and make available to the other
party, on such other party\'s reasonable request, copies of any and
all information, books and records referred to in this Section 5.15. After
such five year period, the Buyer or the Seller may dispose of such
information, books and records.   5.16 Further Assurances.   (1) Prior to
the Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement,
Buyer and Seller shall use their respective reasonable efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done and cooperate
with each other in order to do, all things necessary, proper or advisable
(subject to any applicable laws) to consummate the Closing and the
Contemplated Transactions as promptly as practicable, including the
preparation and filing of all forms, registrations and notices required to be
filed to consummate the Closing and the Contemplated Transactions and the
taking of such actions as are necessary to obtain any requisite approvals,
authorizations, consents, orders, licenses, permits, qualifications,
exemptions or waivers by any third party or governmental body. In addition,
no party hereto shall take any action after the date hereof that could
reasonably be expected to materially delay the obtaining of, or result in not
obtaining, any permission, approval or consent from any governmental or
regulatory body or other person required to be obtained prior to Closing.  
(2) Prior to the Closing, each party shall promptly consult with the other
party hereto with respect to, provide any necessary information with respect
to, and provide the other parties (or their respective counsel) with copies
of, all filings made by such party with any governmental or regulatory body
or any other information supplied by such party to a governmental body in
connection with this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions. Each party
hereto shall promptly inform the other of any communication received by such
party from any governmental or regulatory body regarding any of the
Contemplated Transactions; if any party hereto or Affiliate thereof receives
a request for information or documentary material from any such governmental
body with respect to any of the Contemplated Transactions, then such party
shall endeavor in good faith to make, or cause to be made, as soon as
reasonably practicable and after consultation with the other parties, an
appropriate response in compliance with such request.   (3) In addition to
and without limiting the agreements of the parties contained above, Buyer and
Seller shall (i) comply at the earliest practicable date with any request for
additional information or documentary material received by Buyer, Seller or
any of their Affiliates from the FTC or the DOJ pursuant to the HSR Act or
from any state Attorney General or other governmental body in connection with
antitrust matters, (ii) cooperate with each other in connection with any
filing under the HSR Act and in connection with resolving any investigation
or other inquiry concerning the Contemplated Transactions commenced by the
FTC, DOJ, any state Attorney General or any other governmental body, and
(iii) advise the other parties promptly of any material communication
received by such party from the FTC, DOJ, any state Attorney General or any
other governmental body regarding any of the Contemplated Transactions, and
of any understandings, undertakings or agreements (oral or written) such
party proposes to make or enter into with the FTC, DOJ, any state
Attorney General or any other governmental body in connection with the
Contemplated Transactions. Concurrently with the filing of notifications
under the HSR Act or as soon thereafter as practicable, Seller and Buyer
shall each request early termination of the HSR Act waiting period.   5.17
Tax Matters.   (a) Bulk Sales Tax. Buyer hereby waives compliance by
the Seller with the provisions of all applicable bulk sales tax laws
including those of the State of Ohio, the State of Illinois and the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Seller shall indemnify Buyer for any taxes
imposed on Buyer as a result of any such waiver.   (b) Transfer Taxes.
Seller shall pay 50% and Buyer shall pay 50% of all excise, sales, use, value
added, registration, stamp, franchise, property transfer, real property
gains, document, recording and similar Taxes (including all real estate
transfer Taxes but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any income Taxes
incurred by Seller) imposed as a result of the sale of the Assets pursuant to
this Agreement ("Transfer Taxes"). Buyer and Seller shall cooperate with one
another and, subject to the other terms of this Agreement, take any action
reasonably requested by the other party which does not cause Buyer or Seller
to incur any additional costs or material inconvenience in order to minimize
Transfer Taxes. At the request of Buyer or Seller, the other party shall
deliver to the requesting party any resale, exemption or similar
certificates (including any certificates to avoid or reduce the incidence of
state or local sales and use taxes resulting from the sale of the Assets
pursuant to this Agreement) reasonably requested by Buyer or Seller.   (c)
Survival of Obligations. The obligations of the parties set forth in this
Section 5.17 shall be unconditional and absolute and shall remain in effect
until the expiration of the applicable statutes of limitations.   5.18 Troy
Escrow. The Seller shall take, prior to the Closing, any and all actions
necessary or appropriate to (i) obtain the consent of the Troy Bond Trustee
to the Contemplated Transactions and (ii) effect, prior to the Closing, the
repayment in full of the outstanding Troy Bonds and the release of all Liens
of the Troy Bond Trustee thereunder in and to the Assets. In the event that
Seller is not able to repay the Troy Bonds and release the related Liens
encumbering the Troy, Ohio facility on or prior to the Closing Date, an
amount equal to the outstanding principal, accrued interest and other amounts
outstanding thereunder shall be deposited directly by the Buyer on the
Closing Date into an escrow account established for the benefit of the Buyer
pursuant to an escrow agreement (the "Troy Escrow Agreement") to be executed
and delivered on or prior to the Closing Date, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Buyer in its sole discretion. All prepayment penalties,
premiums, cost and expenses in connection therewith shall be borne by the
Seller. Unless and until released from such escrow account pursuant to the
terms of the Troy Escrow Agreement, the Seller agrees and acknowledges that
such escrowed funds are and will remain the sole and exclusive property of
the Buyer.   5.19 Bellwood Facility. (a) Prior to the Closing Date,
the  Seller shall have provided written evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Buyer that Seller has, with respect to the Bellwood Facility:  (1) (i)
Applied for all Environmental Permits or modifications of Environmental
Permits which, in Seller\'s reasonable judgment, are required under
applicable Environmental Laws; and (ii) formulated (at the Buyer\'s option,
with Buyer\'s participation), and to the extent feasible prior to the Closing
Date, implemented, a plan relating to the construction or installation of any
equipment or modifications needed to comply with pretreatment or other
applicable requirements of Environmental Laws (the "Plan");  (2) Filed all
reports which, in Seller\'s reasonable judgment, are required under
Environmental Laws, including, but not limited to, 40 CFR
sections 262.34(d)(5)(iv)(C), 264.56(j), 264.77, or under CERCLA, or sections
304 or 313 of SARA Title III; and  (3) Produced, and delivered copies to
Buyer of, test results on sludges and waste waters.   (b) After the Closing
Date, Seller shall, at its expense and in good faith, promptly implement, or
continue implementation of, the Plan    6. Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation to Effect the Closing. The respective obligation of each party to
effect the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Closing Date of each of the following conditions:   6.1 Statutes; Court
Orders. No Law shall have been enacted or promulgated by any governmental or
regulatory body which prohibits the consummation of the Closing; and there
shall be no order or injunction of a court of competent jurisdiction in
effect precluding consummation of the Closing provided, however, that the
parties shall use their reasonable efforts to have any such order or
injunction vacated or lifted.   6.2 HSR Approval. The applicable waiting
period under the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.   6.3
Consents Obtained. All material Required Consents necessary to the
consummation of the Closing and the Contemplated Transactions shall have been
obtained.   7. Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Buyer to Close.
The obligation of the Buyer to consummate the Closing shall be subject to
the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions:   7.1 Representations and Covenants. All of the
representations and warranties of Seller set forth in this Agreement that are
qualified as to materiality shall be true and complete and any such
representations and warranties that are not so qualified shall be true and
complete in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date as if made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the
extent that any such representation or warranty is made as of a specific
date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and
complete, or true and complete in all material respects, as the case may be,
as of such specified date). The Seller shall have performed and complied in
all material respects with all covenants and agreements required by
this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Seller on or prior to
the Closing Date. The Seller shall have delivered to the Buyer a
certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by the Chief Financial Officer
of the Seller, to the foregoing effect.   7.2 Real Property - Title.  
The Seller shall have delivered to the Buyer:   (1) the Title Policies, all
as defined and in accordance with Schedule 7.2(1);   (2) no later than
seven days prior to Closing, recent surveys of the Real Property prepared, at
Seller\'s expense, in accordance with Schedule 7.2(2) (the "Surveys");  
(3) a special warranty deed for the Real Property located in Troy, Ohio , in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, conveying good, clear
and marketable title to the Owned Real Property located in Troy, Ohio (the
"Deed")\'   (4) a bill of sale for all personal property located on the
Real Property (the "Bill of Sale");   (5) an affidavit in compliance with
the exemption under Internal Revenue Code Section 1445(b)(2), and regulations
thereunder, attesting to Seller\'s non-foreign status (the "FIRPTA
Affidavit"); and   (6) such other affidavits, documents, instruments, 
certificates and endorsements set forth as requirements in the Title 
Commitments or as may reasonably be required by Chicago Title Insurance 
Company for issuance of the Title Policies.   If the Seller shall not have
title to the Real Property as set forth herein, then the Buyer shall have the
option to accept such title as the Seller shall have to the Real Property. If
Buyer so elects, Buyer shall notify the Seller of Buyer\'s estimate of the
sum reasonably required to make the title to the Real Property conform to
this Agreement and thereupon the Base Purchase Price shall be reduced by
such estimated sum as the parties may agree is reasonably required to make
the title thereto conform to this Agreement, such adjustment to be in
addition to and not in limitation of the purchase price adjustment set forth
in Section 1.8 hereof.   7.3 Resignations. The resignations from the
officers and directors of the Mexican Subsidiary shall have been delivered to
the Buyer.   7.4 Discharge of Obligations; Release of Liens.
Concurrently with the Closing, the Seller\'s lenders (including, without
limitation, Bank of America) and such other parties as may have encumbered
the Owned Real Property or any other Assets shall have executed and delivered
to the Buyer or the Title Company (i) appropriate releases and discharges
(including UCC-3 Termination Statements) releasing and terminating their
respective Liens on such Owned Real Property or other Assets and all
indebtedness secured thereby and (ii) appropriate mortgage releases,
releasing, discharging and terminating their respective Liens on the Real
Property and all indebtedness secured thereby.   7.5 Supply Agreement.
Concurrently with the Closing, the Seller shall have executed and delivered a
supply agreement relating to the cohesive packaging products line and such
other matters as set forth therein, substantially in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto.   7.6 Non-Competition Agreement. Concurrently with the
Closing, the Seller shall have executed and delivered in favor of the Seller
a Non-Competition Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.   7.7
New Sublease. IPC shall have executed and delivered the New Sublease in form
and substance mutually satisfactory to Buyer and Seller (the "New Sublease")
and IPC and the Seller shall have executed and delivered a termination of the
Sublease in form and substance mutually satisfactory to Buyer and Seller.  
7.8 Opinion of Counsel for Seller. The Buyer shall have received a written
opinion or opinions of counsel to the Seller, dated the Closing Date, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer.   7.9 Bellwood Lease. The
Seller shall have executed and delivered a lease of the Bellwood facility by
Seller to Buyer, in form and substance mutually satisfactory to Buyer and
Seller. The Seller shall have delivered to the Buyer a non-disturbance
agreement in form and substance mutually satisfactory to the Buyer from the
holder of any mortgage covering the Bellwood facility.   7.10 Transition
Services Agreement. The Seller shall have executed and delivered the
Transition Services Agreement in form and substance mutually satisfactory to
Buyer and Seller.   7.11 Consent, Recognition and Attornment Agreement.
State Street Bank and Trust Company, as Owner Trustee (the "Lessor"), under
that certain Lease Agreement, dated as of December 5, 1996, Societe
Generale (Southwest Agency) and Nationsbanc Leasing Corporation of North
Carolina shall have entered into a Consent, Recognition and Attornment
Agreement with the Buyer in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.   7.12
Consents. The Seller shall have obtained all material consents or approvals
necessary to transfer the Assets and the Business to Buyer, to vest good,
valid and marketable title thereto in Buyer and to consummate the
Contemplated Transactions, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, all such material consents, approvals and acknowledgements (i) as
are necessary to transfer the Contracts (except that Seller shall provide all
required consents or approvals as to Contracts), Permits and Environmental
Permits to Buyer or cause the Permits and Environmental Permits to be
reissued to Buyer; (ii) as are appropriate in Buyer\'s discretion, under the
Champion Agreement; (iii) as are necessary from the Troy Bond Trustee and
(iv) as are necessary from Bank of America under the BoA Loan Agreement.  
8. Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Seller to Close.
The obligation of the Seller to consummate the Closing shall be subject to
the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions:   8.1 Representations and Covenants. All of the
representations and warranties of Buyer set forth in this Agreement that are
qualified as to materiality shall be true and complete and any such
representations and warranties that are not so qualified shall be true and
complete in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date as if made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the
extent that any such representation or warranty is made as of a specific
date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and
complete, or true and complete in all material respects, as the case may be,
as of such specified date). The Buyer shall have performed and complied in
all material respects with all covenants and agreements required by
this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the
Closing Date. The Buyer shall have delivered to the Seller a certificate,
dated the Closing Date and signed by an officer of the Buyer, to the
foregoing effect.   8.2 Purchase Price. The Buyer shall have paid the Base
Purchase Price to the Seller pursuant to Section 1.6 hereof.   9. Survival
of Representations and Warranties of the Seller. Notwithstanding any right of
the Buyer fully to investigate the affairs of the Seller with respect to the
Business and notwithstanding any knowledge of facts determined or
determinable by the Buyer pursuant to such investigation or right of
investigation, the Buyer has the right to rely fully upon the representations
and warranties of the Seller contained in this Agreement.   All of the
Seller\'s representations and warranties shall survive the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Closing hereunder, and (except for the
representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.1(b), 3.1(c), 3.2 and
3.3, which representations and warranties shall survive indefinitely (the
"Indefinite Representations and Warranties")) such representations and
warranties shall thereafter terminate and expire:   (1) On the date that is
24 months after the Closing Date with respect to any claim (other than a
claim under Sections 3.9, 3.17 (with respect to claims other than relating to
real property claims), 3.19 (as it relates to Losses arising under ERISA) or
3.23 hereof) based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any fact,
circumstance, action or proceeding of which the party asserting such claim
shall not have given written notice on or prior to the second (2nd)
anniversary of the Closing Date to the party against which such claim is
asserted;   (2) On the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations,
with respect to any Losses claim under Sections 3.9 or 3.19 (solely with
respect to claims arising under ERISA) and (B) on the date that is five years
after the Closing Date with respect to any claim under Section 3.23, in each
case based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any fact,
circumstance, action or proceeding of which the Buyer shall not have given
written notice on or prior to such date to the Seller; and   (3) On the
tenth (10th) anniversary of the Closing Date with respect to any claim under
Section 3.17 (other than with respect to real property claims insured by the
Title Policies).   10. General Indemnification.   10.1 Obligation of the
Seller to Indemnify. (a) Subject to the time and other limitations contained
in Sections 9 and 10.4, the Seller agrees to indemnify, defend and hold
harmless the Buyer (and its directors, officers, Affiliates successors and
assigns) from and against all losses, liabilities, damages, deficiencies,
costs or expenses (including interest, penalties and reasonable attorney\'s
fees and disbursements) (collectively, "Losses") for the full amount of such
Losses based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any inaccuracy
in or any breach of any representation or warranty of the Seller contained in
this Agreement, other than the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3.23, which shall be governed by Section 10.6.   (b) Seller shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Buyer (and its directors, officers,
Affiliates, successors and assigns) from and against all Losses arising out
of or otherwise in respect of Excluded Liabilities and breaches of covenants
and agreements.   10.2 Obligation of the Buyer to Indemnify. (a) Subject to
the time and other limitations contained in Section 9 and Section 10.4,
the Buyer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Seller from
and against any Losses based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect
of any inaccuracy in or any breach of any representation or warranty, of
the Buyer contained in this Agreement;   (b) Buyer shall indemnify, defend
and hold harmless Seller (and its directors, officers, Affiliates, successors
and assigns) from and against all Losses arising out of or otherwise in
respect of any Assumed Liability and breaches of covenants and
agreements.   10.3 Notice and Opportunity to Defend.   10.3.1 Notice of
Asserted Liability. Promptly after receipt by any party hereto (the
"Indemnitee") of notice of any demand, claim or circumstances which, with the
lapse of time, would or might give rise to a claim or the commencement (or
threatened commencement) of any action, proceeding, Tax audit or
investigation (an "Asserted Liability") that may result in a Loss, the
Indemnitee shall give written notice thereof (the "Claims Notice") to any
other party obligated to provide indemnification pursuant to Section 10.1 or
10.2 (the "Indemnifying Party"). The Claims Notice shall describe the
Asserted Liability in reasonable detail, and shall indicate the amount
(estimated, if necessary and to the extent feasible) of the Loss that has
been or may be suffered by the Indemnitee.   10.3.2 Opportunity to Defend.
The Indemnifying Party may elect to compromise or defend, at its own expense
and by its own counsel, any Asserted Liability asserted by a third party. If
the Indemnifying Party elects to compromise or defend such Asserted
Liability, it shall within thirty (30) days (or sooner, if the nature of the
Asserted Liability so requires) notify the Indemnitee of its intent to do so,
and the Indemnitee shall cooperate, at the expense of the Indemnifying Party,
in the compromise of, or defense against, such Asserted Liability. If
the Indemnifying Party elects not to compromise or defend the
Asserted Liability, fails to notify the Indemnitee of its election as
herein provided or contests its obligation to indemnify under this Agreement,
the Indemnitee may pay, compromise or defend such Asserted
Liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Indemnifying Party nor
the Indemnitee may settle or compromise any claim over the objection of
the other, provided, however, that consent to settlement or compromise
shall not be unreasonably withheld. In any event, the Indemnitee and
the Indemnifying Party may participate, at their own expense, in the defense
of such Asserted Liability. If the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend
any claim, the Indemnitee shall make available to the Indemnifying Party
any books, records or other documents within its control that are necessary
or appropriate for such defense (subject to appropriate
confidentiality provisions).   10.4 Limitations on Indemnification. (A) The
indemnifications provided for in Sections 10.1(a) and 10.2(a) shall be
subject to the following limitations:   (1) The Seller shall not be
obligated to pay any amounts for indemnification under Section 10.1(a)
(except those based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of Sections
3.1(b), 3.1(c), 3.2, 3.3, 3.9, and 3.17 (with respect to amounts for
indemnification other than relating to real property) (collectively, the
"Basket Exclusions")) until the aggregate indemnification payments, exclusive
of the Basket Exclusions, equals $1,000,000 (the "Basket Amount"), whereupon
the Seller shall be obligated to pay all amounts in excess of $1,000,000 for
indemnification in full up to the limits set forth in clause (3) below.  
(2) The Seller shall be obligated to pay the Basket Exclusions in full
without regard to the individual or aggregate amounts thereof and without
regard to whether the aggregate of such indemnification payments shall have
exceeded, in the aggregate, the Basket Amount.   (3) The Seller shall not be
obligated to pay any amount for indemnification under Section 10.1(a) (except
in respect of Sections 3.1(b), 3.1(c), 3.2, and 3.9 for all of which
exceptions there is no limit of liability) in excess of $28,250,000 (the
"Cap").   (4) The Buyer shall not be obligated to pay any amounts for
indemnification under Section 10.2(a) until the aggregate indemnification
payments equal $1,000,000, whereupon the Buyer shall be obligated to pay all
amounts in excess of $1,000,000 for indemnification not in excess of the
Cap.   (5) Except with respect to claims or causes of action based on
fraud, the indemnification provided for in this Section 10 shall be the
exclusive right and remedy with respect to any claim or cause of action based
upon, relating to or arising out of an inaccuracy in or breach of any
representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, whether such claim or
cause of action arises out of any contract, tort or otherwise and no such
claim or cause of action shall be enforceable unless made in accordance with
the procedures, and within the time periods, set forth in this Section
10.   (6) Notwithstanding the above, if indemnification of any Losses
results in a current deduction, credit or other tax benefit to the Indemnitee
under federal or state tax law, the amount indemnifiable under this Section
10 shall be reduced to reflect such current tax benefit; provided, however,
that to the extent that any such tax benefit will not be realized until a
future date, the amount indemnifiable under this Section 10 shall be paid in
full when due and payable hereunder, and the Indemnitee Party shall refund to
the Indemnifying Party the amount of such tax benefit when, and only if,
realized by the Indemnitee.   (7) Each Indemnitee shall use reasonable
efforts (including the filing of reasonable claims under its applicable
insurance policies) to attempt to mitigate any Losses for which it may
claim indemnification under this Section 10.   (B) For the avoidance of
doubt, the obligations of Buyer and Seller under Sections 10.1(b) and 10.2(b)
are not subject to the limitations set forth in Section 10.4(A).   (C)
Solely for purposes of measuring the amount of the Losses indemnifiable
hereunder, whenever a representation or warranty is qualified by a
materiality standard (e.g. the adjective "material" or the words "in all
material respects") such representation or warranty shall be deemed to be
inaccurate or to have been breached if (x) there results a Loss to Buyer in
excess of $150,000 in the case of a single event or occurrence or (y) there
results a Loss to Buyer in excess of $150,000 in the case of a series of
reasonably related events or occurrences. Any such Loss shall be fully
credited against the Basket Amount and, to the extent the Basket Amount shall
be exceeded, Buyer shall be fully indemnified therefor by the Seller (subject
to the Cap and time provisions of Section 9 hereof).   10.5 Bellwood
Facility Environmental Indemnity.   Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement (including Section 3.23), Seller shall indemnify, defend and
hold harmless the Buyer (and Buyer\'s previous, present and future
Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents) from
and against all losses, claims, fines, penalties, actions, causes of actions,
sanctions and any consequential damages arising or resulting from
noncompliance with Environmental Laws at the Bellwood facility prior to
Closing (collectively, "Bellwood Losses"), including, without limitation, any
such Bellwood Losses arising after the Closing Date out of the fact that (i)
the Bellwood facility is or was not properly Permitted or (ii) Buyer has been
denied Environmental Permits necessary to operate the Bellwood facility.
This indemnity shall survive indefinitely and shall not be subject to, nor
shall it be credited against, the Basket Amount, the Cap or Section 9
hereof. Seller\'s obligations shall be limited only to the extent that it can
prove, by a preponderance of the evidence, that Buyer caused or contributed
to conditions giving rise to the Bellwood Loss through actions taken
after Closing in violation of Environmental Laws, provided that the
occurrence of migration or continued presence of contamination existing prior
to Closing shall not constitute an action by Buyer in violation of
Environmental Laws for purposes of this Section 10.5(a). Any claim hereunder
shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.3, provided that Buyer may,
if the condition constitutes an imminent threat of endangerment to human
health or the environment, immediately correct any condition which is not
in compliance with Environmental Laws without regard to Section 10.3, and
may thereafter obtain indemnification subject to the terms and limitations
of such section. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or by order of
a governmental or regulatory body (after delivery of 30 days\' written
notice to Seller or such shorter period as may be necessitated by the order
at stake) or if third parties (including any governmental or regulatory
body) shall have filed a claim, lawsuit or action against Buyer on account of
any alleged breach of Environmental Laws, the Buyer shall not conduct
any invasive surface, subsurface or water testing without the prior
written consent of the Seller, which the Seller may withhold in its
sole discretion.   Seller shall have the exclusive right to control
and manage any remediation and environmental project relating to the
Bellwood facility except, to the extent necessary (as determined in good
faith by Buyer) in order for Buyer to operate the Bellwood facility in
compliance with Environmental Laws. Buyer may participate during its term as
lessee, at its own cost and expense, in activities related to the
remediation, including, but not limited to, participation in meetings with
respect to the determination of applicable Remediation Standards or methods
for conducting the remediation.   10.6 Environmental Indemnification.  
(a) General. Subject to the provisions of Section 10.5  above (concerning the
Bellwood plant) and Section 10.6(b) below  (concerning the Newton plant) and
Section 10.6 (c) below (concerning the  Troy plant), any claim for
indemnification pursuant to Section 3.23 shall  be subject to the
following:   (i) the limitations of Section 9 and Section
10.4(A) (including the Cap) shall apply; and   (ii) after giving effect to
such limitations, any Losses shall be shared between Buyer and Seller as
follows: 10% to Buyer and 90% to Seller. For the avoidance of doubt, the 10%
share borne by Buyer shall not be included in the Cap.   (b) Newton.  
(1) (A) If Buyer purchases the Real Property in Newton pursuant to its option
in the "New Sublease" (the "Option") and:   (x) within five (5) years of the
exercise of such option, Buyer  sells the Real Property in Newton ("Newton
Real Property"), then any  remediation costs incurred by the Seller since the
Closing Date and  any remediation costs that might be necessary or advisable
in order  for Buyer to offer and sell the Newton Real Property borne by
Buyer  as well as any remediation costs for its then intended use (such use 
to be determined by Buyer in its entire discretion) shall be paid for  in
accordance with Section 12(d) of the New Sublease; or   (y) Buyer does not
sell the Newton Real Property within 5 years  of the exercise of the Option,
then any remediation costs that Buyer  might incur in order to put the Newton
Real Property for sale for its  then intended use shall be borne solely by
Buyer.   (B) Subparagraph (b)(1)(A) shall not preclude any claim for
indemnification under Section 10.6(a); provided that Seller shall only be
obligated to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer only so long as Buyer
shall not have undertaken any invasive testing of the Newton Real Property
without the Seller\'s consent in Seller\'s sole discretion. For the avoidance
of doubt, Buyer shall not be deemed to have undertaken invasive testing on
its own initiative if it is required to conduct such testing by applicable
law or by order of a governmental or regulatory body (after delivery of 30
day written notice to Seller or such shorter period as may be necessitated by
the order at stake) or if third parties (including any governmental or
regulatory body) shall have filed a claim, lawsuit or action against Buyer on
account of any alleged breach of Environmental Laws, whereupon Buyer shall be
permitted to conduct such testing subject to the sole control and management
of Seller in accordance with Section 10.6(b)(3) below.   (C) If Buyer
exercises the Option and sells the Newton Real Property within five (5) years
of such exercise, the Environmental Liabilities arising out of or in
connection with the Newton Real Property shall constitute Excluded
Liabilities. If Buyer exercises the Option and does not sell the Newton Real
Property within five (5) years of such exercise, the Environmental
Liabilities arising out of or in connection with the Newton Real Property
shall constitute Assumed Liabilities from and after the date of such
exercise.   (D) If , prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date,
Buyer wishes to sell the Newton Real Property and, to that effect, wishes to
undertake invasive testing of the Newton Real Property, Buyer shall request
Seller\'s consent in writing. If Seller denies such consent, Seller agrees
that it shall enter into such indemnification agreement with the purchaser of
the Newton Real Property as Buyer may require so as to indemnify the
purchaser of the Newton Real Property on account of Environmental
Liabilities, so long as Seller shall have the same obligations as Buyer under
such indemnification agreement. As between Buyer and Seller, each shall be
responsible for 50% of any Losses arising out of any claims which the
purchaser may make on account of Environmental Liabilities.   (2) If Buyer
has not exercised the Option:   (A) While Buyer is sublessee under the New
Sublease, Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer against all
Losses arising under Environmental Laws ("Environmental Losses") at the
Newton Real Property in accordance with Section 10.6(a), except for, and only
to the extent of, Environmental Losses caused by Buyer during the period it
operated the Newton Real Property, in which case Seller shall have the burden
of proving, by a preponderance of the evidence, that Buyer actually caused
such Environmental Losses, provided that Seller shall only be obligated to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer so long as Buyer shall not have
undertaken, any invasive testing of the Newton Real Property without the
Seller\'s consent in Seller\'s sole discretion. Buyer shall not be deemed to
have undertaken invasive testing on its own initiative if it is required to
conduct such testing by applicable law or by order of a governmental or
regulatory body (after delivery of 30 days\' written notice to Seller or such
shorter period as may be necessitated by the order at stake) or if third
parties (including any governmental or regulatory body) shall have filed, a
claim, lawsuit, or action against Buyer on account of any alleged breach of
Environmental Laws, whereupon Buyer shall be permitted to conduct such
testing subject to the sole control and management of Seller.   (B) After
Buyer is no longer the Sublessee, Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold
harmless Buyer against all Environmental Losses, except to the extent caused
by Buyer during the period it operated the Newton Real Property, in which
case Seller shall have the burden of proving, by a preponderance of the
evidence, that Buyer actually caused such Environmental Losses.   (C) At
the expiration of the New Sublease, Buyer shall deliver the Newton Real
Property in substantially the same condition as on the Closing Date as in
regards the presence of Hazardous Materials in the air, surface water,
groundwater or land at or in the vicinity of the Newton Real Property (the
"Environmental Condition"), provided Seller shall have the burden of proving,
by a preponderance of the evidence, that and the extent to which, the
Environmental Condition at the time of the expiration of the New Sublease is
worse than the Environmental Condition on the Closing Date. In that event,
Buyer\'s sole obligation shall be to return the Newton Real Property in the
Environmental Condition that prevailed on the Closing Date (as demonstrated
by Seller by a preponderance of the evidence) and, under no circumstances,
shall Buyer be obligated to deliver the Newton Real Property in an
Environmental Condition which is required due to any change in use of the
Newton Real Property on or after the expiration or termination of the New
Sublease, or any change in use established under zoning procedures at any
time.   (D) For the avoidance of doubt, in this Section 10.6(b)(2)
Environmental Liabilities arising out of or in connection with the Newton
Real Property shall constitute Excluded Liabilities.   (3) During the
Control Period, Seller shall have the exclusive right to control and manage
any remediation and environmental project relating to the Newton Real
Property, except to the extent necessary (as determined in good faith by the
Buyer) in order for Buyer to operate the Newton Real Property in compliance
with Environmental Laws. Buyer may, during the Control Period, participate at
its own cost and expense, in activities related to any remediation at the
Newton Real Property, including but not limited to, participation in meetings
with respect to the determination of applicable Remediation Standards or
methods for conducting the remediation. "Control Period" shall mean the
expiration of the five (5) year survival period applicable to the
representations and warranties made under Section 3.23, provided that, to the
extent that any remediation resulting in indemnifiable Losses to the Seller
at the Newton Real Property is ongoing on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the
Closing Date, the Control Period shall extend solely with respect to
such remediation until the completion of such remediation; provided, further,
in any event, the Seller shall have the exclusive right to control and
manage any remediation and environmental project relating to the Newton
Real Property during Seller\'s or its Affiliates\' ownership or lease, as the
case may be, subject to Buyer\'s right, to the extent necessary (as
determined in good faith by Buyer) to operate the Newton Real Property in
compliance with Environmental Laws.   (c) Troy   Pursuant to that certain
Agreement of Settlement and Release, dated as of September 20, 1991 between
Frantschach AG and Champion International, Inc. together with the Agreement
of Settlement and Release dated November 2, 1994 (the "Champion Agreement")
between Frantschach AG, Ivex Converted Products Corporation (n/k/a IPC) and
PNL Investments, B.V., and a Novation Agreement of the same date among
Frantschhach A.G., Ivex converted Products Corporation and Champion
International Corporation ("Champion") Champion has agreed to bear 75% of the
costs and expenses of the clean-up of certain hazardous materials at the Troy
plant, all as more fully set forth in such agreements. It is understood that
Seller (as IPC\'s successor of the Troy plant) and IPC shall continue to bear
25% of such clean-up costs, subject to the terms of Sections 9 and 10.4(A),
except to the extent of any accrual or reserve reflected on the Closing Date
Balance Sheet. Seller shall only have such obligation to the extent it has
sole control and management over any remediation.   The parties agree and
acknowledge to act in good faith and in compliance with Environmental Laws to
effect the foregoing provisions.   11. Termination of Agreement.   11.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated prior to the Closing Date as
follows:   (1) At the election of the Seller if any one or more of the
conditions to its obligation to close has not been fulfilled in all material
respects by the Closing Date and such condition cannot be fulfilled within
thirty (30) days of the Closing Date;   (2) At the election of the Buyer, if
any one or more of the conditions to its obligation to close has not been
fulfilled in all material respects by the Closing Date and such condition
cannot be fulfilled within 30 days of the Closing Date;   (3) At any time
on or prior to the Closing Date, by mutual written consent of the Seller and
the Buyer;   (4) By either party, if the Closing shall not have occurred on
or prior to May 31, 2000, and such party is not in material breach of this
Agreement at the time such party seeks to terminate this Agreement; or  
(5) By the Buyer, if (i) a supplement or amendment of any Schedule made by
Seller pursuant to Section 5.2 (a) would have a material adverse effect and
(ii) any breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement
referred to in such supplement or amendment cannot be or has not been cured
within thirty (30) days after such supplement or amendment is made by the
Seller.   If this Agreement so terminates, it shall become null and
void and have no further force or effect, except as provided in Section
11.2.   11.2 Survival. If this Agreement is terminated and the Contemplated
Transactions are not consummated as described above, this Agreement shall
become void and of no further force and effect, (i) except for the provisions
of Section 5.3 relating to the obligation of the Buyer to keep confidential
and not to use certain information and data obtained by it from the Seller
and to return documents to the Seller and except for the provisions of
Sections 5.5 and 5.6, (ii) except that any party hereto shall have all of the
rights and remedies available under law, at equity or otherwise against the
other parties hereto in the event this Agreement is wrongfully terminated or
terminated in bad faith pursuant to clauses (1), (2) or (5) of Section 11.1
and (iii) if such termination occurs pursuant to Section 11.1(5), Seller
shall reimburse Buyer for all reasonable legal/accounting and out-of-pocket
expenses (except those relating to any financing or investment banking
arrangements, provided, however, that Seller shall reimburse the reasonable
expenses and disbursement of Buyer\'s investment banking advisors incurred
subsequent to the date hereof and prior to such termination) incurred by
Buyer subsequent to the date hereof and prior to such termination.   12.
Miscellaneous.   12.1 Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement,
the following terms have the following meanings unless the context
otherwise requires:   "Affiliate" with respect to any person, means
any other person controlling, controlled by or under common control with
such person. "Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of, the management and policies of
a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities by contract
or otherwise.   "Agreement" means this Asset Purchase Agreement by
and between Ultra Pac., Inc. and Chargeurs Acquisition Company, dated as
of April 22, 2000.   "Arbitrator" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 1.8(2) hereto.   "Asserted Liability" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 10.3.1 hereto   "Assets" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 1.1 hereto.   "Assumed Liabilities" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.4 hereto.   "Balance Sheet" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.7(1) hereto.   "Balance Sheet Date" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.7(1) hereto.   "Base Purchase Price" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 1.6 hereto.   "Basket Amount" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4.1 hereto.   "Basket Exclusions"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4.1 hereto.   "Bellwood
Losses" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.5 hereto.   "Benefit
Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.19(1) hereto.   "Bill
of Sale" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(4) hereto.  
"Business" means the specialty coating business of Seller, as more fully
described in that certain "Information Memorandum" dated January 2000,
including the manufacture, sale and distribution of coated paper and film for
use as surface protection products and coated and laminated products for the
graphic laminations, gummed products and surface texturing markets at and
from the Newton, Troy and Bellwood plants of Seller. Without limiting the
foregoing, the Business includes the "Business" as this term is defined in
each of the Contribution Agreements between IPC and Seller and PPI and
Seller.   "BoA Loan Agreement" means IPC\'s Senior, credit agreement, as
amended and restated, among IPC and the other signatories thereto providing
for the availability of a credit facility to IPC and its Affiliates
(including the Seller), and all security agreements, promissory notes,
guarantees and other documents, certificates and instruments executed in
connection therewith.   "Buyer 401(k) Plan" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.8(4) hereto.   "Buyer" means Chargeurs Acquisition
Company.   "Buyer Flex Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.8(6) hereto.   "Buyer\'s Accountant" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 1.8(2) hereto.   "Buyer\'s Broker" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 5.6 hereto.   "Cap" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 10.4.3 hereto.   "Champion" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.6(c) hereto.   "Champion Agreement" shall mean as defined
in Section 10.6 (c).   "Claims Notice" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.3.1 hereto.   "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 1.1 hereto.   "Closing Balance Sheet" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 1.8(3) hereto.   "Closing Date" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1 hereto.   "Closing Net Assets" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 1.8(1) hereto.   "Code" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.19(3) hereto.   "Contemplated Transaction" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(1) hereto.   "Contracts" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.13 hereto.   "Contribution
Agreement" means (1) that certain Contribution Agreement dated December 15,
1999 between the Seller and IPC, (2) that certain Contribution Agreement
dated December 15, 1999 between PPI and the Seller, and (3) that certain
Contribution Agreement dated December 15, 1999 between the Seller and IPC,
relating to the Mexican Subsidiary.   "CERCLA" means the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended as
of the date hereof.   "Deeds" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.2(3) hereto.   "Disputed Matters" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.8(2) hereto.   "Distribution Agreement" means that
certain Distribution Agreement dated February 29, 2000 between Seller and
IPC.   "DOJ" means the Antitrust Division of the United States Department
of Justice.   "Draft Closing Balance Sheet" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.8(2) hereto.   "Earn-Out Payment" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 1.9(a) hereto.   "Earn-Out Targets" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 1.9(a)(iii) hereto.   "Easements" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.15.3 hereto.   "EBITDA" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 1.9(a)(i) hereto.   "Environmental Conditions"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(b)(2)(C) hereto.  
"Environmental Laws" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law,
ordinance, regulation, rule, code, treaty, writ or order and any enforceable
judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or
administrative order, consent decree, judgment, stipulation, injunction,
permit, authorization, policy, opinion, or agency requirement, in each case
having the force and effect of law, relating to the pollution, protection,
investigation or restoration of the environment, health and safety or natural
resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use,
handling, presence, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release,
threatened release or discharge of Hazardous Materials or noise, odor,
wetlands, pollution, contamination or any injury or threat of injury to
persons or property or to the siting, construction, operation, closure and
post-closure care of waste disposal, handling and transfer facilities.  
"Environmental Losses" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
10.6(b)(2)(A) hereto.   "Environmental Permits" means any permit,
approval, identification number, license and other authorization required
under any applicable Environmental Law for the current operations at any
plant or facility of the Seller.   "ERISA" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.19(1) hereto.   "Excluded Assets" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.2 hereto.   "Excluded Liabilities" has the meaning set
forth in Section 1.4 hereof.   "Final EBITDA Ratio" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 1.9(c) hereto.   "Financial Statements" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.7 hereto.   "FIRPTA Affidavit" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(5) hereto.   "Fiscal 2000" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(a)(i) hereto.   "Fiscal 2000 Target"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(a)(i) hereto.   "Fiscal
2001" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(a)(ii) hereto.  
"Fiscal 2001 Target" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(a)(ii)
hereto.   "Fiscal 2002" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
1.9(a)(iii) hereto.   "Fiscal 2002 Target" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.9(a)(iii) hereto.   "GAAP" means generally accepted
accounting principles in effect in the United States.   "governmental or
regulatory body" means any government or political subdivision thereof,
whether federal, state, local or foreign, or any agency or instrumentality of
any such government or political subdivision.   "Hazardous Materials" means
(a) any petroleum, petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products,
radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials or polychlorinated
biphenyls or (b) any chemical, material or other substance defined or
regulated as toxic or hazardous or as a pollutant or contaminant or waste
under any applicable Environmental Law.   "HSR Act" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.14 hereto.   "Indefinite Representations and
Warranties" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9 hereto.  
"Indemnifying Party" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.1
hereto.   "Indemnitee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.1
hereto.   "Insurance Policy" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.14 hereto.   "Intangible Property" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.16 hereto.   "Intellectual Property" means any and all United
States and foreign: (a) patents (including design patents, industrial designs
and utility models) and patent applications (including docketed
patent disclosures awaiting filing, reissues, divisions, continuous-in-part
and extensions), patent disclosures awaiting filing determination,
inventions and improvements thereto; (b) trademarks, service marks, trade
names, trade dress, logos, business and product names, slogans, Internet
domain names and registrations and applications for registration thereof;
(c) inventions, processes, designs, formulae, trade secrets,
knowhow, industrial models, confidential and technical information,
manufacturing, engineering and technical drawings, product specifications and
confidential business information ; (d) copyrights, copyrightable works; (e)
computer software, including but not limited to, data, databases, and
documentation; (f) intellectual property rights similar to any of the
foregoing; and (g) copies and tangible embodiments thereof (in whatever form
or medium, including electronic media) and any registrations or applications
for any of the foregoing.   "Intellectual Property Assets" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 1.1(h) hereto.   "Interim Financials" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(1) hereto.   "Inventories" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1(c) hereto.   "IPC" means IPC,
Inc., the parent company of Seller.   "IRS" means the United States Internal
Revenue Service.   "Ivex" means Ivex Packaging Corporation, the
parent company of IPC.   "Ivex Flex Plan" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 5.8(6) hereto.   "knowledge" means the knowledge possessed, or
which should have been possessed by the officers and directors of the Seller,
PPI and IPC after reasonable inquiry.   "Laws" means all United States
federal, state and local, and foreign laws, statutes, regulations,
ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, injunctions, awards, decrees and
determinations of any governmental or regulatory body.   "Lease" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 10.1 hereto.   "Leased Property Title
Commitment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.15.2 hereto.  
"Leased Real Property" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.15.2
hereto.   "Liens" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest,
charge, claim, equitable interest, encumbrance, restriction on transfer,
conditional sale or other title retention device or arrangement (including,
without limitation, a capital lease), transfer for the purpose of subjection
to the payment of any indebtedness, or restriction on the creation of any of
the foregoing, whether relating to any property or right or the income or
profits therefrom; provided, however, that the term "Lien" shall not include
(i) statutory liens for Taxes to the extent that the payment thereof is not
in arrears or otherwise due and payable, (ii) encumbrances in the nature of
zoning restrictions, easements, rights or restrictions of record on the uses
of real property if the same do not impair the use of such property in the
conduct of the Business as currently conducted, (iii) statutory or common law
liens to secure landlords, lessors or renters under leases or rental
agreements confined to the premises rented to the extent that no payment or
performance under any such lease or rental agreement is in arrears or is
otherwise due and payable, (iv) deposits or pledges made in connection with,
or to secure payment of, worker\'s compensation, unemployment insurance, old
age pension programs mandated under applicable laws or other social security
regulations and (v) statutory or common law liens to secure claims for labor,
materials or supplies and other like liens, which secure obligations to the
extent that payment thereof is not in arrears or otherwise due and
payable.   "material adverse effect" means, any effect that would
reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the Business or the Assets
taken as a whole; provided, however, that any adverse change, circumstance or
effect that is primarily caused by conditions affecting the United States
economy as a whole or the general conditions in the industry in which such
person operates shall not be taken into account in determining whether there
has been or would be a "material adverse effect."   "Mexican Subsidiary"
means Ivex de Mexico S.A. de C.V.   "Net Assets Adjustment" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 1.8(1) hereto.   "New Sublease" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 7.7 hereto.   "Newton Real Property" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(b)(1)(A) hereto.   "Notice of
Disagreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.8(2) hereto.  
"Olympia Marble Lease" means the lease dated September 1, 1990 between LandCP;
Realty Corporation, as landlord and Olympia Marble and Granite, Inc. as
tenant covering 8,199 rentable square feet at the corner of Oak Streets,
Newton, Massachusetts.   "Option" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 10.6(b) hereto.   "Owned Real Property" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.15.1 hereto.   "Permit" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.10.   "Permitted" shall have a concomitant meaning.  
"Permitted Exception" has the meaning set forth in Schedule 7.2(1).  
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company or partnership, firm, joint venture, association, joint-stock
company, trust, unincorporated organization, governmental or regulatory body
or other entity.   "PPI" shall mean Product Packaging Inc., a wholly-
owned subsidiary of IPC.   "Predecessors" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.10 hereto.   "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 1.6 hereto.   "Real Property" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.15.2 hereto.   "Release" means any release, spill,
emission, discharge, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal,
dispersal, leaching or migration into the indoor or outdoor environment
(including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater and
surface or subsurface strata) or into or out of any property, including the
movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the air, soil, surface
water, groundwater or property.   "Remediation Standard" means a numerical
standard that defines the concentrations of Hazardous Substances that may
be permitted to remain in any environmental media after an
investigation, remediation or containment of a release of Hazardous
Materials.   "Required Consents" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.14 hereto.   "Retained Employee" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.8(1) hereto.   "Seller" means Ultra Pac, Inc.  
"Statement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(d) hereto.  
"Statement Arbitrator" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(d)
hereto.   "Statement Disputed Matters" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 1.9(d) hereto.   "Statement Notice of Disagreement" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(d) hereto.   "Statute of Limitations
Period" means the period commencing on the first day on which any claim or
cause of action may arise or may have arisen and shall end on the date which
is the last day on which such claim or cause of action may be properly
asserted at law or equity.   "Sublease" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.15.8 hereto.   "Surveys" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7.2(2) hereto.   "Taxes" shall mean any and all taxes, charges,
fees, levies or other assessments, including, without limitation, income,
gross receipts, excise, real or personal property, sales, withholding,
social security, occupation, use, service, service use, value added, license,
net worth, payroll, franchise, transfer and recording taxes, fees and
charges, imposed by the IRS or any other taxing authority (whether domestic
or foreign), and shall include any interest, penalties or additional
amounts attributable to, or imposed upon, or with respect to, any such
taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments.   "Tax Return" means any
report, return, document, declaration or other information or filing required
to be supplied to any taxing authority or jurisdiction (foreign or domestic)
with respect to Taxes.   "Title IV Plan" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.19(3) hereto.   "Title Commitment" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.15.2 hereto.   "Trade Secrets" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.16 hereto.   "Transfer Taxes" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.9(e) hereto.   "Transition Services Agreement" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.9 hereto.   "Troy Bonds" means the
outstanding Convertible Floating Rate Demand Economic Revenue Bonds Series
1988 issued pursuant to an Indenture of Trust between the Central Trust
Company, N.A. as Trustee (the "Troy Bond Trustee") and the City of Troy,
Ohio.   "Troy Escrow Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.15 hereto.   "Unaudited Financials" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.7 hereto.   12.2 Publicity. No publicity release or announcement
concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
made without advance approval thereof by the Seller and the Buyer.   12.3
Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be (i) delivered personally, (ii) sent by
facsimile transmission (provided that a confirmation copy shall be sent the
same day for delivery by a reputable overnight international courier
service), (iii) sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, or
(iv) sent by reputable overnight or international courier service. Any such
notice shall be deemed given when so delivered personally or sent by
facsimile transmission (provided that a confirmation copy shall be sent the
same way for delivery by a reputable overnight or international courier
service) or, if mailed, five (5) days after the date of deposit in the United
States mail, or if sent by overnight courier service, two (2) business days
after delivery to such courier service, or if sent by international courier
service, five (5) days after delivery to such courier service. Notice of
change of address shall also be governed by this section. In the event of a
general discontinuance of postal service due to strike, lockout or otherwise,
notice or other communications shall be delivered in accordance with clauses
(i), (ii) or (iv) and shall be deemed to have been received in accordance
with this section. Notices and other communications shall be addressed as
follows:   (1) if to the Buyer, to:   Chargeurs Protective Films  27 rue
du Docteur E. Bataille  76250 Deville-les-Rouen  France  Telephone: (33-2)
32 82 72 32  Telecopy: (33-2) 35 75 47 24  Attention: Chairman   with
copies to:   Chargeurs  38 rue Marbeuf  75008 Paris France  Attention:
Philippe Haroche,  General Counsel  Telephone: (33)-1-49-53-10-40 
Telecopy: (33)-1-49-53-10-44   and   Schnader Harrison Segal and Lewis LLP 
Suite 3600  1600 Market Street  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-7286 
Attention: Yves Quintin, Esq.  Telephone: (215) 751-2136  Telecopy: (215)
972-7230   (2) if to the Seller, to:   Ivex Packaging Corporation  100
Tri-State Drive, Suite 200  Lincolnshire, Illinois 60069  Telephone: (847)
945-9100  Telecopy: (847) 945-9184  Attention: Chief Financial Officer  
with copies to:   Ivex Packaging Corporation  100 Tri-State Drive, Suite
200  Lincolnshire, Illinois 60069  Telephone: (847) 945-9100  Telecopy:
(847) 945-9184  Attention: General Counsel   Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher
and Flom  333 Wacker Drive  Chicago, Illinois 60606  Telephone: (312)
407-0700  Telecopy: (312) 407-0411  Attention: William Kunkel, Esq.  Any
party may by notice given in accordance with this Section to the
other parties designate another address or person for receipt of
notices hereunder.   12.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the
Schedules and Exhibits) and the collateral agreements executed in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby contain the
entire agreement among the parties with respect to the purchase of the Assets
and the Business and supersede all prior agreements, written or oral,
with respect thereto.   12.5 Waivers and Amendments; Non-Contractual
Remedies; Preservation of Remedies. This Agreement may be amended,
superseded, canceled, renewed or extended, and the terms hereof may be
waived, only by a written instrument signed by the Buyer and the Seller, or,
in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. No delay on the
part of any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof. Nor shall any waiver on the part of any party of
any such right, power or privilege, nor any single or partial exercise of
any such right, power or privilege, preclude any further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other such right, power or privilege.   12.6
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York.   12.7 Binding Effect; No
Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This
Agreement is not assignable without the prior written consent of the other
party, except that the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any direct or
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Buyer; provided, however, that such
assignment by Buyer shall not release Buyer from any obligations that Buyer
has hereunder.   12.8 Variations in Pronouns. All pronouns and any
variations thereof refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or
plural, as the context may require.   12.9 Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Each
counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof each signed by less than
all, but together signed by all of the parties hereto. A telecopy of a
signature hereto shall constitute a legal, valid and binding counterpart.  
12.10 Exhibits and Schedules. The Exhibits and Schedules are a part of this
Agreement as if fully set forth herein. All references herein to Sections,
subsections, clauses, Exhibits and Schedules shall be deemed references to
such parts of this Agreement, unless the context shall otherwise require.  
12.11 Headings. The headings and square-bracketed textual references,
containing a brief description of the Section preceding them, in this
Agreement are for reference only, and shall not affect the interpretation of
this Agreement.   12.12 Severability of Provisions. If any provision or
any portion of any provision of this Agreement or the application of any
such provision or any portion thereof to any person or circumstance, shall
be held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portion of such provision
and the remaining provisions of this Agreement, or the application of
such provision or portion of such provision as is held invalid or
unenforceable to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is
held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby.   12.13
Interpretation. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and
drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent
or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted
jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any
provisions of this Agreement.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have
executed this Agreement on the date first above written.    ULTRA PAC,
INC.    By: /s/ G. Douglas Patterson 
-----------------------------------------  Title: Vice President  Name: G.
Douglas Patterson   CHARGEURS ACQUISITION COMPANY    By: /s/ Laurent
Derolez  -----------------------------------------  Title: President  Name:
Laurent Derolez      '

