E AGREEMENT DATED AS OF MARCH 27,
2000                SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT   BY AND
AMONG   SIGMA-ALDRICH CORPORATION  SIGMA-ALDRICH CO.  SIGMA-ALDRICH CANADA
LTD.  SIGMA-ALDRICH COMPANY LTD.  SIGMA-ALDRICH CHEMIE GmbH  (SELLERS)  
AND   COOPER INDUSTRIES, INC.  CBL ACQUISITION CORP  COOPER TECHNOLOGIES
COMPANY  (BUYER)   RELATING TO   THE B-LINE BUSINESS     March 27,
2000       TABLE OF CONTENTS     ~~  ARTICLE ONE: TRANSACTIONS TO
TAKE PLACE AT CLOSING 2  1.1 Purchase and Sale of Stock and Assets 2  1.2
Assumed Liabilities and Obligations 4  1.3 Excluded Assets. 5   ARTICLE
TWO: PURCHASE PRICE AND ALLOCATION 6  2.1 Purchase Price and Preliminary
Purchase Price 6  2.2 Adjusted Purchase Price 6  2.3 Adjusted Consolidated
Valuation. 7  2.3.1 Sellers\' Statement 7  2.3.2 Buyer\'s Review 7  2.3.3
Sellers\' Review 8  2.3.4 Conference 8  2.3.5 Arbitrator 8  2.3.6 Final
Amount 10  2.4 Settlement of the Adjusted Purchase Price 10  2.5 Section
338(h)(10) and Allocation 11   ARTICLE THREE: CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 11 
3.1 Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Sellers 11  3.1.1 Representations
and Warranties of Buyer 12  3.1.2 Representations and Warranties of Sellers
12  3.1.2 Delivery of Closing Documents 12  3.1.4 Performance of Agreement
12  3.1.4 Purchase Price 13  3.1.5 No Governmental Orders, etc. 13  3.1.6
Licenses and Permits. 13  3.1.7 Hart-Scott-Rodino 13  3.2 Conditions
Precedent to Obligations of Buyer 13  3.2.1 Sellers\' Representations and
Warranties 14  3.2.2 Delivery of Closing Documents 14  3.2.3 Performance of
Agreement. 14  3.2.4 No Governmental Orders, etc. 14  3.2.5 Permits. 15 
3.2.6 Hart-Scott-Rodino. 15  3.2.7 Third-Party Consents 15  3.2.8 Leased
Properties 15   ARTICLE FOUR: CLOSING 15  4.1 The Closing 16  4.2
Sellers\' Obligations at Closing 16  4.3 Buyer\'s Obligations at Closing
17   ARTICLE FIVE: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 18  5.1 Materiality and
Sellers\' Knowledge 18  5.2 Representations and Warranties by Sellers 18 
5.2.1 Corporate Authority, Non-contravention and  Ownership. 19  5.2.2
Capital Stock. 21  5.2.3 Financial Data 22  5.2.4 Absence of Certain Changes
23  5.2.5 Compliance with Law and Permits 26  5.2.6 Litigation, Product
Claims and Related  Matters 27  5.2.7 Title to Personal Property - Owned.
29  5.2.8 Personal Property - Leased 29  5.2.9 Real Property - Owned 30 
5.2.10 Real Property - Leased. 32  5.2.11 Patents, Trademarks and Other
Intellectual  Property 33  5.2.12 Taxes. 35  5.2.13 Contracts 37  5.2.14
Labor Relations. 39  5.2.15 Compliance with ERISA 39  5.2.16 Accounts
Receivable 40  5.2.17 Inventory 41  5.2.18 Environmental Matters 41  5.2.19
Transactions with Affiliated Persons 43  5.2.20 Stock Record and Minute Books
44  5.2.21 Sufficiency of Assets 44  5.2.22 No Undisclosed Liabilities 44 
5.2.23 No Broker. 45  5.2.24 Scope of Representation 45  5.2.25 Insurance
Policies 46  5.3 Representations and Warranties of Buyer 46  5.3.1 Corporate
Authority and Non-Contravention 46  5.3.2 Litigation Concerning Agreement
47  5.3.3 No Broker. 48  5.3.4 Financing. 48  5.3.5 Buyer\'s Knowledge.
48   ARTICLE SIX: PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF SELLER AND BUYER 49  6.1
Covenants of Sellers 49  6.1.1 Interim Operation of the B-Line Business 50 
6.1.2 Access to Records Prior to Closing 51  6.1.3 Notices and Consents 51 
6.1.4 Exclusivity 52  6.1.5 Covenant Not to Compete 52  6.1.6 Non-
Solicitation 53  6.1.7 Transition 53  6.1.8 Intercompany Accounts and
Agreements 53  6.1.9 Further Assurances 54  6.2 Covenants of Buyer 54 
6.2.1 Further Assurances 54  6.2.2 No Reliance 54  6.3 Mutual Covenants of
the Parties 55  6.3.1 Best Efforts and Cooperation 55  6.3.2 Communications
55  6.3.3 Access to Records and Employees Subsequent  to Closing. 56  6.3.4
Failure of Conditions; Waiver 57  6.3.5 Insurance 58  6.3.6 Amounts Received
for Accounts Receivable 58  6.3.7 Hart-Scott-Rodino Act Approvals. 58  6.3.8
Tax Matters. 59   ARTICLE SEVEN: EMPLOYEES AND EMPLOYEE MATTERS 62  7.1
Treatment of Employees-General 62  7.2 Welfare Benefits 63  7.3 Buyer\'s
Assumption of Liability 65  7.4 Plant Closing Law 66  7.5 Security Value
Plan 66  7.6 401(k) Plan 66   ARTICLE EIGHT: INDEMNIFICATION 67  8.1
Indemnification by Buyer 67  8.2 Indemnification by Sellers 68  8.3
Indemnification Procedures 70  8.4 Computation of Claims 71  8.5 Term of
Indemnification 71  8.6 Sole Basis For Claims 72   ARTICLE NINE:
MISCELLANEOUS 72  9.1 Expenses. 72  9.2 Scope of Liability and Available
Remedies. 72  9.2.1 Joint and Several Liability 72  9.2.2 Joint and Several
Liability 73  9.2.3 Certain Damages Waived 73  9.3 Arbitration 73  9.3.1
Conference 73  9.3.2 General 74  9.3.3 Appointment of Tribunal 74  9.3.4
Final and Binding 74  9.3.5 Award. 75  9.3.6 Cost of Proceedings 75  9.3.7
Agents 75  9.4 Notices 76  9.5 Captions 77  9.6 Successors and Assigns;
Other Parties 77  9.7 Entire Agreement 78  9.8 Construction 78  9.9 Time of
Essence 79  9.10 Termination 79  9.11 Counterparts 80  9.13 Modification;
Waiver 80  9.14 Severability 81   GLOSSARY INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
83   LIST OF SCHEDULES 85       SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT    
THIS SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made  and entered into
this 27th day of March, 2000, by and among Sigma-  Aldrich Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("SIAL" ), Sigma-  Aldrich Co., an Illinois corporation
("SAC"), Sigma-Aldrich  Canada Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws
of Canada  ("Sigma Canada"), Sigma-Aldrich Company Ltd., a
corporation  organized under the laws of the United Kingdom ("Sigma UK" ),
and  Sigma-Aldrich Chemie GmbH, a corporation organized under the laws  of
Germany ("Sigma Germany" and together with SIAL, SAC, Sigma  Canada and
Sigma UK "Sellers"), and Cooper Industries, Inc. an  Ohio corporation
("Cooper"), CBL Acquisition Corp., a Delaware  corporation ("CBL") and
Cooper Technologies Company, a Delaware  Corporation ("CTC") (Cooper, CBL,
CTC and any other affiliate(s)  of Cooper thereof to be designated,
collectively "Buyer"). Each  of Sellers and Buyer are referred to
hereinafter individually as  a "Party" and collectively as the
"Parties."   WHEREAS, Sellers, among other things, are currently and  have
been engaged in the business of the design, manufacture and  sale of metal
components for strut, cable tray, pipe support and  telecommunications
systems and electrical enclosures (which  business is referred to herein as
the "B-Line Business"),  directly and/or indirectly through certain
subsidiaries;   WHEREAS, Buyer desires to purchase from Sellers,
and  Sellers desire to sell to Buyer, all of the stock of
SIAL\'s  subsidiaries B-Line and B-Line Manufacturing, which are
engaged  entirely in the B-Line Business, and the other assets relating
to  the B-Line Business and to assume certain liabilities relating to  the
B-Line Business on the following terms and conditions;   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and  the mutual promises hereinafter
expressed, it is agreed as  follows:  ARTICLE ONE: TRANSACTIONS TO TAKE
PLACE AT CLOSING   1.1 Purchase and Sale of Stock and Assets. Subject to
the  terms and conditions hereof, at Closing (as herein
defined),  effective as of the Effective Time (as herein defined),
in  exchange for the Adjusted Purchase Price (as herein defined):   (a)
SIAL shall sell and deliver to the Buyer and the  Buyer shall purchase and
accept from SIAL all of its right, title  and interest in and to all of the
issued and outstanding capital  stock (the "B-Line Stock") of B-Line
Systems, Inc., an Illinois  corporation ("B-Line"); and   (b) SAC shall
sell to the Buyer and the Buyer shall  purchase from SAC all of SAC\'s
right, title and interest to all  of the issued and outstanding capital
stock (the "Manufacturing  Stock") of B-Line Systems Manufacturing, Inc., a
Delaware  corporation ("B-Line Manufacturing"); and   (c) SAC shall sell
to the Buyer and the Buyer shall  purchase from SAC all of SAC\'s right,
title and interest to all  of its assets used exclusively in connection with
the B-Line  Business, including without limitation those assets described
on  Schedule 1.1(c) hereto (the "SAC B-Line Business Assets"); and   (d)
Sigma Canada shall sell to the Buyer and the Buyer  shall purchase from
Sigma Canada all of Sigma Canada\'s right,  title and interest to all of its
assets used exclusively in  connection with the B-Line Business, which
consist of inventory,  accounts receivable, cantilever racking and two Dell
computers  (the "Canada B-Line Business Assets"); and   (e) Sigma UK shall
sell to the Buyer and the Buyer  shall purchase from Sigma UK all of Sigma
UK\'s right, title and  interest to all of its assets used exclusively in
connection with  the B-Line Business, which consist of inventory,
accounts  receivable and three motor vehicles (the "UK B-Line
Business  Assets"); and   (f) Sigma Germany shall sell to the Buyer and
the  Buyer shall purchase from Sigma Germany all of Sigma
Germany\'s  right, title and interest to all of its assets used
exclusively  in connection with the B-Line Business, which consist
of  inventory and accounts receivable (the "Germany B-Line
Business  Assets").   (g) Sellers shall sell to CTC and CTC shall
purchase  from Sellers all of Sellers\' right, title and interest to all
of  their Intangibles (as defined below) used exclusively in  connection
with the B-Line Business.  No later than ten days prior to Closing, Cooper
on behalf of  Buyer shall specify in writing to SIAL on behalf of
Sellers  whether the transfers specified in clauses (a) through (f)
of  this Section 1.1 shall be made to CBL or any other
designated  affiliate(s) of Cooper (in which case such other
affiliate(s)  shall become parties to and bound by this Agreement and shall
be  deemed to be included within the definition of Buyer
hereunder).  Together, the B-Line Stock, the Manufacturing Stock, the SAC
B-  Line Business Assets, the Canada B-Line Business Assets, the UK
B-  Line Business Assets and the Germany B-Line Assets are the  "Assets."
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the assets identified  in Section 1.3 shall
not be transferred and are hereinafter  referred to as the "Excluded
Assets."   1.2 Assumed Liabilities and Obligations. On the terms  and
subject to the conditions hereof, at Closing, effective as of  the Effective
Time, Buyer shall assume, and thereafter shall pay  and fully satisfy all
liabilities and obligations (including,  without limitation, any contract,
obligation or liability  described more particularly in Sections 5.2.13, 7.2
and 7.3 and  any liability with respect to products manufactured or sold
by  the B-Line Business prior to the Effective Time, and any  attorneys\'
and experts\' fees and expenses related thereto)  arising out of or
resulting from Sellers\' ownership (directly  and/or through subsidiaries)
or operation of the B-Line Business  prior to the Effective Time and
Buyer\'s ownership or operation of  the B-Line Business after the Effective
Time (the "Assumed  Liabilities"), pursuant to a general assignment and
assumption of  liabilities substantially in the form of Exhibit A
hereto.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Assumed Liabilities will
not  include the following (collectively, the "Excluded Liabilities"):  
(a) any Taxes as a result of the Section  338(h)(10) Election which are
assumed by Sellers pursuant to the  last sentence of Section 6.3.8(h) of
this Agreement;   (b) any Income Taxes (as defined below) arising  out of
the operation of the B-Line Business through the Effective  Time;   (c)
any intercompany accounts payable of the B-  Line Business existing at any
time prior to Closing (all of which  shall be cancelled prior to
Closing);   (d) any liability for product warranty or product  liability
claims asserted, or to Sellers\' knowledge threatened,  prior to the
Effective Time with respect to products sold by the  B-Line Business prior
to the Effective Time ("Pre-Closing Product  Claims" ) in excess of the
reserve or accrual therefor reflected  on the Adjusted Consolidated
Valuation;   (e) any workers\' compensation liability related  to
Occurrences (hereinafter defined) prior to the Effective Time,  except to
the extent accrued in the Adjusted Consolidated  Valuation;   (f) any
indebtedness for borrowed money for which  any of the Operating Companies
(as hereinafter defined) is  liable, contingently or otherwise, as obligor,
guarantor, or  otherwise, or in respect of which any of the Operating
Companies  otherwise assures a creditor against loss, on or before
the  Effective Time ("Long Term Debt" ) except as set forth on  Schedule
1.2(f) hereto; or   (g) any liabilities or obligations for which any  of
Sellers is responsible under any other provision hereof (and  without waiver
of any obligations of Sellers under the Transition  Services Agreement),
including without limitation any obligations  and liabilities retained or
assumed by Sellers pursuant to  Articles Seven, Eight and Nine, subject in
each case to any  conditions or limitations applicable thereto.   1.3
Excluded Assets. The Parties agree, any provision  hereof to the contrary
notwithstanding, that the Assets shall not  include any of the following
assets, and SIAL shall have the  right, at or prior to the Closing, to have:
(a) all cash in the  Business, (b) any Income Tax (hereinafter defined)
accounts,  including deferred tax assets and any refunds relating to
Income  Tax receivables of the B-Line Business relating to periods
before  the Closing, which assets shall be distributed to SIAL
or  retained by any of the Sellers, (c) the shares of Sigma-
Aldrich  Holding Ltd. (UK), B-Line Systems Limited (UK), James F.
Burns  Co., Inc. or KL Acquisition Corp. (or any other, dormant
legal  entities affiliated with any of Sellers), or (d) any
intercompany  accounts receivable of the B-Line Business existing at any
time  prior to Closing between the B-Line Business and any of
the  Sellers.   ARTICLE TWO: PURCHASE PRICE AND ALLOCATION   2.1
Purchase Price and Preliminary Purchase Price.  The purchase price for the
Assets shall be the Adjusted Purchase  Price. At the Closing, Buyer shall
pay to SIAL on behalf of all  Sellers $425,000,000 (the "Preliminary
Purchase Price").  Following Closing, the Adjusted Purchase Price shall
be  determined and paid as provided in Sections 2.2 and 2.3.   2.2
Adjusted Purchase Price. The adjusted purchase  price to be determined and
settled as provided herein (the  "Adjusted Purchase Price") shall be equal
to the Preliminary  Purchase Price plus or minus the amount, if any, by
which the  Adjusted Consolidated Valuation is greater or less than
the  Preliminary Consolidated Valuation. For purposes of
this  calculation, "Preliminary Consolidated Valuation" shall
be  $138,640,000 (consisting of the consolidated net book value of  the
Assets (other than the B-Line Stock and the Manufacturing  Stock), the
Assumed Liabilities and the assets and liabilities of  B-Line and B-Line
Manufacturing as derived from the Audited  Financial Statements (hereinafter
defined) in accordance with  Section 5.2.3 hereof, all as of December 31,
1999 as adjusted as  provided in Schedule 2.2(a), as shown on Schedule
2.2(b) hereto.  "Adjusted Consolidated Valuation" shall equal the
consolidated  net book value of the Assets (other than the B-Line Stock and
the  Manufacturing Stock), the Assumed Liabilities and the assets
and  liabilities of B-Line and B-Line Manufacturing, all as of
the  Closing Date in accordance with Section 2.3.1 hereof.   2.3 Adjusted
Consolidated Valuation.   2.3.1 Sellers\' Statement. Sellers
shall  prepare and deliver to Buyer within 60 days after the Closing  Date
a statement of the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation. Such  statement shall be
prepared using the same accounting principles  and practices that were used
in preparing the Audited Financial  Statements and the Preliminary
Consolidated Valuation and shall  be adjusted in accordance with Schedule
2.2(a).   2.3.2 Buyer\'s Review. In the event that  Buyer, in good faith,
disagrees with any determinations made by  Sellers and reflected in the
statement of Adjusted Consolidated  Valuation delivered pursuant to Section
2.3.1, and such  disagreement in Buyer\'s view affects the Adjusted Purchase
Price,  each specific item of disagreement and proposed adjustment
shall  be set forth in writing and delivered to SIAL on behalf of
all  Sellers within 60 days from receipt of the statement of
Adjusted  Consolidated Valuation ("Buyer\'s Letter" ). If Buyer does
not  submit Buyer\'s Letter within such 60-day period,
Sellers\'  statement of the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation
delivered  pursuant to Section 2.3.1 will become final.   2.3.3 Sellers\'
Review. Sellers will then have  30 days following receipt of the Buyer\'s
Letter, if any, to  review Buyer\'s proposed adjustments. Within the 30-day
period,  Sellers shall notify Cooper on behalf of Buyer in writing
of  Sellers\' position with respect to each of Buyer\'s
proposed  adjustments ("Sellers\' Letter" ). If Sellers do not
submit  Sellers\' Letter within such 30-day period, the Sellers\'
statement  of Adjusted Consolidated Valuation delivered pursuant to
Section  2.3.1 as adjusted by Buyer\'s Letter will become final.   2.3.4
Conference. Within 30 days after the  response from Sellers pursuant to
Section 2.3.3 above, the  Parties shall confer and endeavor to mutually
resolve the  adjustments, if any, which are in dispute. If Sellers and
Buyer  do not agree upon an Adjusted Purchase Price within such
30-day  period (the end of such 30 day period being hereinafter
referred  to as the "Arbitration Deadline"), such dispute shall be
resolved  in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 2.3.5
below.   2.3.5 Arbitrator. If the Parties cannot  mutually resolve any
disputes involving Buyer\'s proposed  adjustments by the Arbitration
Deadline, the Parties shall  jointly engage the St. Louis office of the
accounting firm of  PricewaterhouseCoopers (the "Accounting Arbitrator" ),
to act as  arbitrator. The Accounting Arbitrator shall be furnished with
a  copy of the Agreement, the Preliminary Consolidated
Valuation,  Sellers\' statement of Adjusted Consolidated Valuation
delivered  pursuant to Section 2.3.1, Buyer\'s Letter, Sellers\' Letter,
the  Buyer\'s proposed treatment of the items in dispute (the
"Buyer\'s  Proposal", which may but need not be the same as set out in
the  Buyer\'s Letter), the Seller\'s proposed treatment of the items
in  dispute (the "Sellers\' Proposal", which may but need not be the  same
as set out in the Sellers\' Letter), and any other relevant  correspondence
between the Parties. The Accounting Arbitrator  must, within 30 days from
the date such documents are furnished,  complete its review and render a
written report setting forth its  conclusion with respect to each of
Buyer\'s proposed adjustments  which were unresolved between the Parties.
The Accounting  Arbitrator shall be granted access to the books and records
of  the B-Line Business as well as the working papers or other  documents
which either Party or its accountants may have which  relate to the
Preliminary Consolidated Valuation and any other  documents or information
which the Accounting Arbitrator may deem  appropriate. The Accounting
Arbitrator\'s review shall be limited  to the purpose of determining
whether, in respect of each  disputed adjustment, the Buyer\'s Proposal or
the Sellers\'  Proposal is more nearly in accordance with the terms of
this  Agreement. The Parties shall have the right to submit
written  materials to the Accounting Arbitrator in accordance
with  procedures to be set forth in the engagement letter between
the  Parties and the Accounting Arbitrator. In arriving at
its  determination, the Accounting Arbitrator must select for
each  adjustment either the Buyer\'s Proposal or the Sellers\'
Proposal  with respect to each disputed adjustment. The decision by
the  Accounting Arbitrator shall be in writing and delivered to
both  Buyer and Sellers. The Parties agree that the Accounting  Arbitrator
is the exclusive person to make all interpretations  necessary (including
interpretations or constructions of this  Agreement) to support its
determinations. The Accounting  Arbitrator\'s decision shall be conclusive
and binding upon the  Parties and may be entered and enforced in any court
of competent  jurisdiction. The Parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction
of  any such court for the enforcement of such award or decision.  Buyer
on one hand and Sellers on the other hand shall each pay  50% of the fees
and expenses of the Accounting Arbitrator.   2.3.6 Final Amount. Sellers\'
statement of  Adjusted Consolidated Valuation delivered pursuant to
Section  2.3.1 will be modified by any adjustments proposed by Buyer
to  which Sellers did not object in Sellers\' Letter, any
other  adjustments agreed by the Parties pursuant to Section 2.3.4 and  by
the determination of the Accounting Arbitrator pursuant to  Section 2.3.5
and will become the final determination of the  Adjusted Consolidated
Valuation.   2.4 Settlement of the Adjusted Purchase Price.  Settlement of
the Adjusted Purchase Price ("Settlement") shall  occur within five (5)
business days after the determination of  the Adjusted Consolidated
Valuation becomes final, whether by  expiration of the time period within
which Buyer may object,  agreement of the Parties or issuance of a
determination by the  Accounting Arbitrator. On Settlement, the difference
between the  Preliminary Purchase Price and the Adjusted Purchase Price,
plus  accrued interest on such difference from the Closing Date to
(but  not including) the date of payment at a rate per annum (on
the  basis of a 365-day year) equal to the sum of the Federal Funds  rate,
being the offered rate therefor in the "Money Rates" table  of The Wall
Street Journal, published on the Closing Date plus 50  basis points , shall
be paid by the appropriate Party to the  other Party. Such payment shall be
by wire transfer of  immediately available funds to an account specified by
the  receiving Party.   2.5 Section 338(h)(10) and Allocation.   (a)
Sellers and Buyer shall timely file a joint  election pursuant to Section
338(h)(10) (a "Section 338(h)(10)  Election") of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the  "Code") (and any comparable election under state,
local, or  foreign law) with respect to the sale of the B-Line Stock and
the  Manufacturing Stock (together, the "Shares" ) and shall timely  file
such forms and take such other actions as are necessary to  effectuate such
election in accordance with said Section  338(h)(10).   (b) Prior to
Closing, SIAL and Buyer shall  negotiate in good faith an allocation of the
Preliminary Purchase  Price among the assets of the B-Line Business in
accordance with  Sections 1060 and 338 of the Code. Within 30 days following
the  Settlement, SIAL and Buyer shall negotiate in good faith
an  allocation of any difference resulting from the Adjusted
Purchase  Price among the assets of the B-Line Business in accordance
with  Sections 1060 and 338 of the Code. If SIAL and Buyer are not  able
to agree, the allocated amounts shall be determined in  accordance with the
provisions set out in Section 9.3. The  Parties will prepare and file their
respective tax returns and  all other required filings based on such
allocation and shall  take no positions contrary thereto.   ARTICLE THREE:
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING   3.1 Conditions Precedent to Obligations of
Sellers.  The obligations of Sellers to consummate the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to
the  satisfaction at or prior to Closing of each of the
following  conditions (any one or more of which may be waived in whole or
in  part by Sellers):   3.1.1 Representations and Warranties of
Buyer.  The representations and warranties made by Buyer hereunder
shall  be true and correct in all material respects at the date
hereof  and, except for changes expressly contemplated by this
Agreement,  at Closing as though such representations and warranties had
been  made at Closing.   3.1.2 Representations and Warranties
of  Sellers. The representations and warranties made by Sellers  hereunder
shall be true and correct in all material respects at  Closing, provided
that this condition 3.1.2 shall not apply to  any breach of such
representations and warranties which results  from either (a) changes
expressly contemplated by this Agreement  or (b) any breach by Sellers of
their covenants and obligations  hereunder.   3.1.3 Delivery of Closing
Documents. Buyer  shall have delivered to or caused to be delivered to
Sellers the  documents which Buyer is required to deliver to Sellers
at  Closing pursuant to this Agreement in form and substance  reasonably
satisfactory to Sellers.   3.1.4 Performance of Agreement. Buyer
shall  have duly performed in all material respects all agreements
and  covenants required to be performed by Buyer at or prior to  Closing
pursuant to this Agreement.   3.1.4 Purchase Price. There shall have
been  delivered to SIAL by Buyer payment of the Preliminary
Purchase  Price as provided in Section 4.3(a).   3.1.5 No Governmental
Orders, etc. No  statute, rule, regulation or order of any court or
Authority (as  hereinafter defined) shall have been entered into after the
date  hereof which restrains or prohibits or would cause the
rescission  after Closing of the transactions contemplated hereby or
which  would limit or adversely affect the ability of Sellers to sell  the
B-Line Business, and no suit, action, proceeding or  investigation by any
Authority or any other party shall be  pending which seeks a material amount
of damages against Sellers  or an affiliate of Sellers by reason of the
consummation of the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Ancillary  Agreements.   3.1.6 Licenses and Permits. All
governmental  licenses and permits, the granting of which is necessary for
the  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have  been
obtained.   3.1.7 Hart-Scott-Rodino. All filing and  waiting period
requirements of the HSR Act (as defined below) and  any other applicable law
relating to consummation of the  transactions provided for herein shall have
been duly complied  with.   3.2 Conditions Precedent to Obligations of
Buyer. The  obligations of Buyer to consummate the transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction at
or  prior to Closing of each of the following conditions (any one or  more
of which may be waived in whole or in part by Buyer):   3.2.1 Sellers\'
Representations and Warranties.  The representations and warranties made by
Sellers hereunder  shall be true and correct in all material respects at the
date  hereof and at Closing as though such representations and  warranties
had been made at both the date hereof and the Closing  Date, except for
changes (a) expressly contemplated by or  permitted under this Agreement
(including without limitation as  permitted by the terms of or consented to
or approved by Buyer  pursuant to Section 6.1.1), or (b) as may result from
or arise  out of the unreasonable failure or refusal of Buyer to consent
to  or approve an action proposed by Sellers pursuant to  Section
6.1.1.   3.2.2 Delivery of Closing Documents. Sellers  shall have
delivered or caused to be delivered to Buyer the  documents which Sellers
are required to deliver to Buyer at  Closing pursuant to this Agreement in
form and substance  reasonably satisfactory to Buyer.   3.2.3 Performance
of Agreement. Sellers shall  have duly performed or caused to be performed
in all material  respects all agreements and covenants required to be
performed by  Sellers at or prior to Closing pursuant to this Agreement.  
3.2.4 No Governmental Orders, etc. No  statute, rule, regulation or order of
any court or Authority  shall have been entered into after the date hereof
which  restrains or prohibits or would cause the rescission after  Closing
of the transactions contemplated hereby or which would  limit or adversely
affect the ability of Buyer to acquire the B-  Line Business, and no suit,
action, proceeding or investigation  by any Authority or any other party
shall be pending which seeks  a material amount of damages against Buyer or
an affiliate of  Buyer by reason of the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements.   3.2.5 Permits. All Permits (as defined below)  necessary for
the consummation of the transactions contemplated  hereby, or for preventing
the termination of any right, privilege  or license relating to the B-Line
Business which is material to  it, upon the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  hereby, shall have been obtained prior to, and
maintained  through, Closing, and are transferable to Buyer.   3.2.6 Hart-
Scott-Rodino. All filing and  waiting period requirements of the HSR Act and
any other  applicable Law (defined below) or Authority (defined
below)  relating to consummation of the transactions provided for
herein  shall have been duly complied with.   3.2.7 Third-Party Consents.
All notices to  and consents, authorizations and approvals by third
parties  specified in Section 6.1.3 shall have been procured by Sellers.  
3.2.8 Leased Properties. Assignments to Buyer  in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Buyer shall have  been procured by Sellers, along
with any required consents  thereto, from the respective lessors of the real
properties  identified in Schedule 3.2.8.   ARTICLE FOUR: CLOSING   4.1
The Closing. The consummation of the sale and  purchase of the Assets as
contemplated by this Agreement  ("Closing") shall take place at the offices
of Bryan Cave LLP, in  St. Louis, Missouri, on May 1, 2000, at 9:00 A.M.
(Central time),  or, if any of the conditions to Closing are not satisfied
or  waived as of that date and time, on the first business day of
the  month following the month in which all such conditions are  satisfied
or waived at 9:00 A.M., unless a different date or time  for Closing is
agreed upon by the Parties (the date of Closing  ultimately determined in
accordance with this paragraph is  referred to herein as the "Closing
Date"). The effective time of  the Closing (the "Effective Time") is
midnight of the day  immediately preceding the Closing Date.   4.2
Sellers\' Obligations at Closing . At Closing,  Sellers shall deliver to
Buyer the following:   (a) Certificates of each of the Sellers dated
the  Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of such  Seller
which evidence the due authorization, execution and  delivery of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements (as  hereinafter defined) by Sellers
and certifying without  qualification that the conditions set forth in
Section 3.2.1 and  3.2.3 have been fulfilled in all material respects.  
(b) A general assignment and assumption of  liabilities, in substantially
the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A, duly executed by SAC, Sigma Canada,
Sigma UK and Sigma  Germany ("General Assignment and Assumption").   (c)
Bills of sale, in substantially the forms  attached hereto as Exhibit B,
duly executed by, respectively,  SAC, Sigma Canada, Sigma UK and Sigma
Germany (collectively, the  "Bill of Sale"), general warranty deeds for the
Owned Properties  (as defined in Section 5.2.9 ) owned by SAC subject to
the  exceptions to title provided for in Section 5.2.9 and Schedule  5.2.9
and such other instruments of sale, transfer, conveyance  and assignment as
Buyer may reasonably request.   (d) A receipt for the Preliminary Purchase
Price.   (e) Certificates evidencing all of the issued and  outstanding
Shares, accompanied by duly executed stock powers in  favor of Buyer.  
(f) The resignations of the directors and  officers of B-Line and B-Line
Manufacturing who are employees of  SIAL or SAC effective as of Closing.  
(g) A transition services agreement providing for  services, at Sellers\'
cost (including an overhead allocation), in  substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C ("Transition  Services Agreement").   (h) Certificates
of good standing for B-Line and  B-Line Manufacturing issued by the
Secretary of State of each of  their respective states of incorporation and
dated not more than  ten (10) business days before the Closing Date.   (i)
The stock books, stock ledgers, minute books  and corporate seals for B-Line
and B-Line Manufacturing.   4.3 Buyer\'s Obligations at Closing. At the
Closing,  Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Sellers
the  following:   (a) The Preliminary Purchase Price by bank
wire  transfer in federal or other immediately available U.S.
dollar  funds to the account(s) specified on Schedule 4.3 hereto.   (b) A
Certificate of Buyer dated the Closing Date  signed by a duly authorized
officer of Buyer which evidences due  authorization, execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the  Ancillary Agreements by Buyer and certifies
without qualification  that the conditions set forth in Sections 3.1.1 and
3.1.3 have  been fulfilled in all material respects.   (c) A General
Assignment and Assumption, in  substantially the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A, duly  executed by Buyer.   (d) A Transition Services Agreement,
in  substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.     ARTICLE
FIVE: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   5.1 Materiality and Sellers\'
Knowledge. References to  Sellers\', Seller\'s, SIAL\'s, SAC\'s, Sigma
Canada\'s, Sigma UK\'s or  Sigma Germany\'s "knowledge" in this Agreement
are to the actual  knowledge of persons identified on Schedule 5.1
hereto.  References to "material", "materiality" or "material
adverse  effect" in this Agreement with respect to the B-Line Business
are  to the B-Line Business as a whole.   5.2 Representations and
Warranties by Sellers. The  following representations and warranties are
made jointly and  severally by the Sellers solely with respect to the
B-Line  Business and are correct and complete as of the date hereof
and  will be correct and complete as of the Closing Date (as though  made
then and as though the Closing Date were substituted for the  date of this
Agreement throughout this Section 5.2, but except  for (a) changes expressly
contemplated by or permitted under this  agreement (including without
limitation as permitted by the terms  of or consented to or approved by
Buyer pursuant to Section 6.1.1  and (b) as may result from or arise out of
the unreasonable  failure or refusal of Buyer to consent to or approve an
action  proposed by Sellers pursuant to Section 6.6.1), except as
set  forth in the attached schedules referenced in this Section 5.2  (and
its subsections):   5.2.1 Corporate Authority, Non-contravention  and
Ownership.   (a) SIAL is a corporation duly organized, validly  existing
and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. SAC is  a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good  standing under the laws of
Illinois. B-Line is a corporation  duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the  laws of Illinois, and is duly qualified and in good
standing in  each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or
operated  by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes
such  qualification necessary, except where the failure to be
so  qualified would not have a material adverse effect.
B-Line  Manufacturing is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing  and in good standing under the laws of Delaware, and is
duly  qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
the  property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of
the  business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary,  except
where the failure to be so qualified would not have a  material adverse
effect. Sigma Canada is a corporation duly  organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws  of Canada. Sigma UK is a corporation duly
organized, validly  existing and in good standing under the laws of the
United  Kingdom. Sigma Germany is a corporation duly organized,
validly  existing and in good standing under the laws of Germany.   (b)
SAC (with respect to the portion of the B-  Line Business owned by SAC),
Sigma Canada (with respect to the  portion of the B-Line Business owned by
Sigma Canada), Sigma UK  (with respect to the portion of the B-Line Business
owned by  Sigma UK), Sigma Germany (with respect to the portion of the
B-  Line Business owned by Sigma Germany), B-Line and
B-Line  Manufacturing (together with their respective subsidiaries,
if  any, but excluding any such subsidiaries listed in Section 1.3,  the
"Operating Companies") have full corporate power and  authority to own,
lease and operate their properties and to  conduct the operations of the
B-Line Business as it is currently  conducted.   (c) Each of Sellers have
full corporate power and  authority to execute, deliver and perform this
Agreement and, as  applicable, the Bill of Sale and the General Assignment
and  Assumption (the latter two documents being referred to  collectively
as, the "Ancillary Agreements") and to consummate  the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution,  delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the Ancillary  Agreements have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate  action on the part of Sellers, as applicable, and
no further  approval of the board of directors or stockholders of any
Seller  is necessary for the execution hereof or thereof or
consummation  of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.   (d)
This Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements  have been duly executed and
delivered by Sellers, as applicable,  and constitute valid, legally binding,
and enforceable  obligations of Sellers, as applicable, subject, in the case
of  enforceability, to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar  laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally and to principles of  equity
regarding the availability of equitable remedies.   (e) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement  and, as applicable, the Ancillary Agreements by
Sellers, as  applicable, and consummation by Sellers of the
transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby: do not (i) violate or
conflict  with any provision of the Articles or Certificate
of  Incorporation or Bylaws (or their equivalents for
Sellers  incorporated outside the United States) of Sellers,
as  applicable, (ii) result in a material breach of, constitute a  default
under, give rise to any right of termination,  modification or acceleration
of, or require any notice under, any  contract, lease, license, Permits or
other agreement to which any  Seller (as applicable) is a party or to which
any of the Assets  is subject (or result in imposition of a Lien (as
hereinafter  defined) thereon), or (iii) violate in any material respect
any  Law to which any of Sellers, as applicable, is a party or by  which
any of the property included in the B-Line Business is  bound or
subject.   5.2.2 Capital Stock.   (a) SIAL is the record and beneficial
owner of  the B-Line Stock. SAC is the record and beneficial owner of
the  Manufacturing Stock. Sellers will deliver or cause to be  delivered
to the Buyer at Closing good and marketable title to  the Shares, free and
clear of all Liens.   (b) The authorized capital stock of B-Line  consists
solely of 30,000 shares of common stock, $1 par value,  of which the 500
shares of B-Line Stock are the only shares  issued and outstanding. The
B-Line Stock is duly authorized and  validly issued and is fully paid and
non-assessable. Except for  Buyer\'s rights hereunder, (i) there are
outstanding no other  securities of B-Line and no rights or options to
acquire  securities of B-Line, and (ii) neither Sellers nor B-Line
is  subject to any obligation to issue, deliver, redeem, or
otherwise  acquire or retire or sell the B-Line Stock or any
other  securities of B-Line.   (c) The authorized capital stock of
B-Line  Manufacturing consists solely of 30,000 shares of common
stock,  $1 par value, of which the 500 shares of Manufacturing Stock
are  the only shares issued and outstanding. The Manufacturing Stock  is
duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and non-  assessable.
Except for Buyer\'s rights hereunder, (i) there are  outstanding no other
securities of B-Line Manufacturing and no  rights or options to acquire
securities of the B-Line  Manufacturing, and (ii) neither Sellers nor B-Line
Manufacturing  is subject to any obligation to issue, deliver, redeem,
or  otherwise acquire or retire or sell the Manufacturing Stock or  any
other securities of B-Line Manufacturing.   (d) B-Line and B-Line
Manufacturing have no  subsidiaries and they do not own (directly or
indirectly) any  capital stock or other equity securities of any corporation
or  any direct or indirect equity interest in any business, trust
or  joint venture, except as set forth on Schedule 5.2.2(d).   5.2.3
Financial Data. Attached hereto as  Schedule 5.2.3(a) is a Combined Balance
Sheet for the B-Line  Business as of February 29, 2000 and Combined
Statements of  Operations for the B-Line Business for the two month period
ended  February 29, 2000 ("Unaudited Financial Statements").
Also  attached hereto as Schedule 5.2.3(b) are a Combined Balance
Sheet  of the B-Line Business as of December 31, 1999, 1998 and
1997,  Combined Statements of Operations for the B-Line Business for
the  years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, Combined Statements  of
Parent Company Investment for the years ended December 31,  1999, 1998 and
1997, and Combined Statements of Cash Flows for  the years ended December
31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 (the "Audited  Financial Statements" and together
with the Unaudited Financial  Statements, the "Financial Statements"). The
opinion of Arthur  Anderson LLP with respect to the Audited Financial
Statements is  also included in Schedule 5.2.3(b). The Financial
Statements  have been derived from Sellers\' and the Operating
Companies\'  accounting records, have been prepared in accordance with
United  States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"
)  consistently applied to the B-Line Business, and fairly present  the
financial position and results of operations of the B-Line  Business as of
the respective dates thereof or period covered  thereby (subject, in the
case of the Unaudited Financial  Statements, to year-end adjustments and the
lack of footnotes).   5.2.4 Absence of Certain Changes. Other than  as
disclosed on Schedule 5.2.4, to Sellers\' knowledge, since  December 31,
1999, there has been no material adverse change in  the Assets or Assumed
Liabilities or the B-Line Business, its  financial condition, operations or
results of operations, except  as may result from economic developments
generally. Without  limiting the generality of the foregoing, Sellers
further  represent and warrant that, except as specifically set forth
in  lettered subsections of Schedule 5.2.4 corresponding to the  lettered
subsections below, since December 31, 1999:   (a) none of the Operating
Companies has sold, leased,  transferred or assigned any of its material
assets, tangible or  intangible, other than in the ordinary course of
business;   (b) none of the Operating Companies has entered into
any  agreement, contract, lease or license (or series of
related  agreements, contracts, leases and licenses) either (i)
involving  more than $50,000 or (ii) outside the ordinary course of
business  and which is material;   (c) no party (including any of the
Operating Companies) has accelerated, terminated, modified or canceled any
agreement,  contract, lease or license (or series of related
agreements,  contracts, leases and licenses) involving more than $50,000
to  which any of the Operating Companies is a party or by which any  of
them is bound;   (d) none of the Operating Companies has imposed any
Lien  upon any of its assets, tangible or intangible, other than in
the  ordinary course of business;   (e) none of the Operating Companies
has made any capital  expenditure (or series of related capital
expenditures) either  involving more than $200,000 or outside the ordinary
course of  business;   (f) none of the Operating Companies has made any
capital  investment in, any loan to, or any acquisition of the
securities  or assets (other than purchases of raw materials, components
and  supplies in the ordinary course of business) of, any other person  or
entity (or series of related capital investments, loans and  acquisitions)
either (i) involving more than $50,000 or (ii)  outside the ordinary course
of business and which is material;   (g) none of the Operating Companies has
issued any note,  bond or other debt security or created, incurred, assumed
or guaranteed  any indebtedness for borrowed money or capitalized
lease  obligation either involving more than $25,000 singly or $50,000  in
the aggregate;   (h) none of the Operating Companies has
intentionally  delayed or postponed the payment of accounts payable and
other liabilities  or obligations outside the ordinary course of
business;   (i) none of the Operating Companies has
canceled,  compromised, waived or released any right or claim (or series of
related  rights and claims) either (i) involving more than $50,000 or
(ii)  outside the ordinary course of business and which is material;   (j)
none of the Operating Companies has granted any  license or sublicense of
any rights under or with respect to any Intangibles  (hereinafter defined)
other than in the ordinary course of  business;   (k) there has been no
change made or authorized in the  articles of incorporation or bylaws of
either B-Line or B-Line Manufacturing;   (l) neither B-Line nor B-Line
Manufacturing has issued, sold,  or otherwise disposed of, any of its
capital stock, or granted any  options, warrants or other rights to purchase
or obtain  (including upon conversion, exchange, or exercise) any of
its  capital stock;   (m) neither B-Line nor B-Line Manufacturing has
declared, set  aside or paid any dividend or made any distribution with
respect  to its capital stock in kind or redeemed, purchased or
otherwise  acquired any of its capital stock;   (n) none of the Operating
Companies has experienced any  material damage, destruction or loss (whether
or not covered by insurance)  to its property;   (o) none of the Operating
Companies has made any loan to, or  entered into any other transaction with,
any of its directors,  officers, and employees outside the ordinary course
of business;   (p) none of the Operating Companies has entered into
any  employment contract or collective bargaining agreement, written  or
oral, or except as allowed by any other clause of this Section  5.2.4
modified the terms of any existing such contract or  agreement;   (q) none
of the Operating Companies has granted any increase  in the base or other
compensation of any of its directors, officers  and employees outside the
ordinary course of business;   (r) none of the Operating Companies has
adopted, amended,  modified or terminated any bonus, profit-sharing,
incentive,  severance, or other plan, contract or commitment for the
benefit  of any of its directors, officers and employees (or taken
any  such action with respect to any other employee benefit plan);   (s)
none of the Operating Companies has made any other change  in employment
terms for any of its directors, officers and employees  outside the ordinary
course of business;   (t) there has not been any other material occurrence,
event,  incident, action, failure to act, or transaction outside
the  ordinary course of business involving any of the Operating  Companies
except as may result from economic developments  generally; and   (u) none
of Sellers has committed to any of the foregoing.   For purposes of each of
clauses (a), (b), (f) and (i) of  this Section 5.2.4, the term "material"
shall mean not in excess  of $50,000 in the aggregate.   5.2.5 Compliance
with Law and Permits. Except  as set forth on Schedule 5.2.5, to Sellers\'
knowledge, the B-Line  Business has been operated in compliance in all
material respects  with all applicable constitutions, statutes, laws,
judgments,  orders, decrees, ordinances, rules, regulations,
arbitration  awards, directives, and agreements (collectively, "Laws")
that  are imposed or issued or enforced by, or entered into with,
any  foreign, United States, supranational (including the
European  Union), national, federal, state, provincial, county or
local,  judicial, regulatory or governmental authority,
association,  corporation, agency, bureau, body, instrumentality or
commission  or subdivision of any thereof exercising any
regulatory,  supervisory, taxing, importing, exporting or other
governmental  function (any and all an "Authority") and with all
permits,  licenses, authorizations, approvals or consents that are
granted  or approved by any Authority ("Permits"). The
Operating  Companies have all material Permits necessary to operate the
B-  Line Business. No proceeding is pending against any Seller, or
to  Sellers\' knowledge threatened, to modify, suspend, revoke
or  otherwise limit any of such Permits and to Sellers\' knowledge
no  administrative or governmental actions have been taken or  threatened
in connection with the expiration or renewal of such  Permits or alleging
any material failure to comply with Laws in  connection with the B-Line
Business or the Assets.   5.2.6 Litigation, Product Claims and
Related  Matters. (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.2.6(a), there
are  no asserted claims, actions, suits or legal proceedings pending  or,
to Sellers\' knowledge, threatened, and to Sellers\' knowledge  there are no
investigations pending or threatened, against  Sellers or the Operating
Companies which involves more than  $100,000 or which will adversely affect
the ability of Sellers to  consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, nor  are Sellers or the Operating Companies subject to any
outstanding  order, rule, decree or judgment of any court or
governmental  agency of competent jurisdiction, which will adversely affect
the  B-Line Business or the Assets.   (b) To Sellers\' knowledge, each
product  manufactured, sold, leased or delivered by any of the
Operating  Companies has been in conformity in all material respects
with  all applicable contractual commitments and all express and  implied
warranties, and none of the Operating Companies has any  material liability
or obligation (and to Sellers\' knowledge there  is no valid basis for any
present or future Claim or Third Party  Action (defined below) against any
of them giving rise to any  such liability or obligation) for replacement or
repair thereof  or other damages in connection therewith, in excess of
the  reserve for product warranty or liability claims reflected in
the  most recent balance sheet (rather than in any notes thereto) in  the
Audited Financial Statements as adjusted through the  Effective Time in
accordance with the past custom and practice of  the Operating Companies. No
product manufactured, sold, leased  or delivered by any of the Operating
Companies is subject to any  guaranty, warranty or other indemnity which
differs materially  from the applicable standard terms and conditions of
sale or  lease. Schedule 5.2.6(b) includes copies of the standard
terms  and conditions of sale or lease for each of the
Operating  Companies (containing applicable guaranty, warranty and
indemnity  provisions).   (c) None of the Operating Companies has
any  material liability or obligation, including
Environmental  Liabilities (defined below), (and to Sellers\' knowledge
there is  no valid basis for any present or future Claim or Third
Party  Action against any of them giving rise to any such liability
or  obligation, including Environmental Liabilities) arising out of  any
injury to individuals or property as a result of the  ownership, possession
or use of any product manufactured, sold,  leased or delivered by any of the
Operating Companies in excess  of any reserve therefor reflected in the most
recent balance  sheet (rather than in the notes thereto) in the Audited
Financial  Statements through the Effective Time in accordance with
past  custom and practice of the Operating Companies. The
term  "Environmental Liabilities" means any liability or
obligation  relating exclusively to the B-Line Business (a) arising under
any  Environmental Law (defined below), or (b) involving any Release  of
or exposure to any Hazardous Substance (defined below)  including liability
for damage or harm to the Environment  (defined below) or to a person as a
result of such exposure,  whether such liability or obligation is to one or
more private  parties or any Authority, in either case (whether under (a)
or  (b) above) including any related fees and expenses of attorneys  and
experts, and whether arising out of or related to on-site or  off-site
matters.   5.2.7 Title to Personal Property - Owned.  Except (a) as set
forth on Schedule 5.2.7, (b) for Liens (as  defined below) reflected in the
Preliminary Consolidated  Valuation, and (c) for Permitted Liens (as defined
below) each of  the Operating Companies has good and marketable title to
the  material personal property owned by each of them respectively
and  used solely in relation to the B-Line Business, free and clear
of  all mortgages, liens, claims, encumbrances, security
interests,  charges, pledges, preferential purchase rights, options,
warrants  or other restrictions or adverse claims of whatever
nature  (collectively, "Liens"), and, good and marketable title to
such  personal property (other than that owned by B-Line and
B-Line  Manufacturing), free and clear of all Liens, except as
provided  above, shall pass to Buyer at Closing.   5.2.8 Personal Property
- Leased. All leases  of any material personal property used solely in the
B-Line  Business of which any of the Operating Companies is a lessee
are  in full force and effect, all rental payments due under such  leases
have been paid and there exist no material defaults by any  of the Operating
Companies under the terms of such leases, and,  except as set forth on
Schedule 5.2.8, the consummation of the  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement will not create any  such default with respect to such leases or
result in the lessor  having the right to terminate or alter the operative
provisions  of any such leases.   5.2.9 Real Property - Owned. Set forth
on  Schedule 5.2.9 is all the real property owned by SAC or B-Line.  Other
than as set forth on Schedule 5.2.9, the Operating  Companies do not own any
real property or any right or obligation  to acquire any interest in any
parcel of real property in  connection with the B-Line Business. Except (a)
as set forth on  Schedule 5.2.9, (b) for Liens reflected in the
Preliminary  Consolidated Valuation, and (c) for Permitted Liens (as
defined  below), SAC or B-Line has good and marketable title to the
real  property set forth on Schedule 5.2.9 (the "Owned Properties"
),  free and clear of all Liens; and good and marketable title to
the  scheduled real property owned by SAC, free and clear of all  Liens,
except as provided above, shall pass to Buyer at Closing.  The term
"Permitted Liens" shall mean (a) liens for current taxes  or assessments due
but not yet payable, (b) servitudes,  easements, restrictions, rights-of-
way, encroachments and other  similar rights in real property or any
interest therein that have  been filed as part of an official or public
record, provided the  same are not of such nature as to materially interfere
with the  use or occupancy, or materially impair the value,
or  marketability of title, of the property subject thereto and (c)  liens
that constitute mechanic\'s, carrier\'s, workers\' or similar  liens arising
in the ordinary course of business in connection  with obligations that are
not yet overdue or delinquent. Sellers  further represent and warrant
concerning the Owned Properties  that:   (i) there are no parties other
than the  record owner or an affiliate thereof in possession of any of
the  Owned Properties;   (ii) there are no pending, or to
Sellers\'  knowledge threatened, condemnation, eminent domain or
similar  proceedings relating thereto;   (iii) Sellers have made available
to Buyer a  legal description for each such parcel that describes such
parcel  adequately;   (iv) to Sellers\' knowledge, all buildings
and  improvements are located within the boundary lines of the  described
parcels of land and the Owned Properties and buildings  and improvements
thereon are not in violation in any material  respect of any Laws, including
any building code requirements and  Environmental Laws;   (v) to the
extent required for their current  use, each property abuts on and has
direct vehicular access to a  public road, or has access to a public road
via a permanent,  irrevocable, appurtenant easement benefiting the
parcel,  maintained at public expense;   (vi) to the extent required for
their current  use, all the properties are served by drainage,
water,  electricity and gas services, all of which are connected
to  public mains, and to Sellers\' knowledge there is no imminent
or  likely interruption of such utility service;   (vii) there are no
outstanding disputes,  notices or complaints which materially adversely
affect or to  Sellers\' knowledge are likely to materially adversely affect
the  use of the Owned Properties for the purposes for which they are  now
used; and   (viii) to Sellers\' knowledge there are no  material
structural or other defects in or affecting the  buildings and structures on
the Owned Properties.   The foregoing are intended to
constitute  "covenants of warranty" as such terms are used in existing
title  insurance policies on the Owned Properties.   5.2.10 Real Property
- Leased. Set forth on  Schedule 5.2.10 is a list of each lease, identifying
the property  which is subject thereto, under which each of the
Operating  Companies is the lessee of any real property used exclusively
in  the B-Line Business. The Sellers have made available to the  Buyer a
true, correct and complete copy of each lease identified  on Schedule
5.2.10. The premises or property described in said  leases are presently
occupied or used by an Operating Company as  lessee in conformity in all
material respects with applicable Law  and the terms of such leases. Except
as set forth on Schedule  5.2.10, all rental payments due under the leases
set forth on  Schedule 5.2.10 have been paid and there exists no
material  default under their respective leases and, to the
Sellers\'  knowledge, no event has occurred which with notice or lapse
of  time would constitute a material breach or default, or
permit  termination, modification or acceleration, thereunder. Except
as  set forth on Schedule 5.2.10 and for Permitted Liens, each  respective
Operating Company has all right, title and interest of  the lessee under the
terms of said leases, free of all Liens and  all such leases are and will
continue to be valid and in full  force and effect through the Closing Date
and in full force and  effect on identical terms following the consummation
of the  transactions contemplated herein. The Operating Companies
have  not at any time assigned or otherwise disposed of any
leasehold  interest which has a continuing liability (contingent
or  otherwise) for payment of rent and/or for any other
material  liability. None of the Operating Companies is a guarantor of
or  surety for any obligations under any lease or under any
agreement  relating to the assignment of any lease. Together with the
Owned  Properties, the leased properties on Schedule 5.2.10 comprise
all  the properties and premises owned, leased or used in the
B-Line  Business.   5.2.11 Patents, Trademarks and Other  Intellectual
Property. (a) Schedule 5.2.11(a) lists all patented  or registered
Intangibles (defined below), all written licenses  and other agreements
relating thereto and all written agreements,  licensing or otherwise,
authorizing others to use material  technology, know-how or processes used
in or belonging to the B-  Line Business (collectively, the "Scheduled
Intangibles"). The  "Intangibles", including the Scheduled Intangibles,
comprise all  intellectual property used or held in the B-Line Business
as  presently conducted other than intellectual property licensed in  the
ordinary course of business pursuant to standard form  commercial license
agreements (such as non-custom software).  "Intangibles" means (i) all
inventions, improvements, designs,  patents, patent applications, patent
disclosures, and all  extensions, reissues, continuations, revisions and
reexaminations  thereof; (ii) trade dress, logos, trade names and
corporate  names, (including all internet and intranet name(s),
addresses,  icon(s) and other designation(s) identifying the B-Line
Business  on a computer network such as the world wide web but
not  including any such designations of affiliates of the
B-Line  Business), together with all translations,
adaptations,  derivations and combinations thereof and including all
goodwill  associated therewith, and all applications, registrations
and  renewals in connection therewith; (iii) all copyrightable works  and
all copyright applications, registrations and renewals in  connection
therewith; (iv) all trade secrets and confidential  business information
(including ideas, research and development,  know-how, formulas,
compositions, manufacturing and production  processes and techniques,
technical data, designs, drawings and  specifications); and (v) all computer
software, rights in  databases (including data and related documentation)
all other  proprietary rights; and all copies and tangible
embodiments  thereof (in whatever form or medium) but does not include
items  licensed in the ordinary course of business pursuant to
standard  form commercial license agreements (such as non-custom
software).   (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.2.11(b),  the Operating
Companies own or hold valid license rights to, all  material Intangibles
free and clear of all Liens, licenses,  injunctions or judgments.   (c)
Each material item of Intangibles will be  owned or available for use by the
B-Line Business on identical  terms and conditions immediately subsequent to
the Closing  hereunder.   (d) To Sellers\' knowledge, none of the
Operating  Companies has interfered with, infringed upon,
misappropriated,  or otherwise come into conflict with, any rights of third
parties  in or to the Intangibles in any material respect and none of
the  Operating Companies has any plans to do so. None of Sellers
has  within three years prior to the Closing Date received any
charge,  complaint, claim, demand or notice alleging any
such  interference, infringement, misappropriation or
violation  (including any Claim that any of the Operating Companies
must  license or refrain from using any rights of any third party in
or  to the Intangibles) in any material respect, that is unresolved.   (e)
To the knowledge of Sellers, no third party  has interfered with, infringed
upon, misappropriated or otherwise  come into conflict with any of the
Operating Company\'s rights in  or to the Intangibles.   (f) With respect
to each item of Scheduled  Intangibles that any third party owns and that
any of the  Operating Companies uses pursuant to license,
sublicense,  agreement or permission, Sellers made available to Buyer
correct  and complete copies of all such licenses, sublicenses,
agreements  and permissions (as amended to date) and such agreements
(other  than those held by B-Line or B-Line Manufacturing) are
fully  transferable to Buyer.   (g) With respect to each material item
of  Intangibles that any third party owns and that any of the  Operating
Companies uses pursuant to license, sublicense,  agreement or permission;
(i) to Sellers\' knowledge the license,  sublicense, agreement or permission
covering the item is legal,  valid, binding, enforceable and in full force
and effect; (ii)  none of the Operating Companies, and to Sellers\'
knowledge no  party to the license, sublicense, agreement or permission, is
in  material breach or default, and to Sellers\' knowledge no event  has
occurred which with notice or lapse of time would constitute  a material
breach or default or permit termination, modification,  or acceleration
thereunder; and (iii) none of the Operating  Companies has granted any
sublicense or similar right with  respect to the license, sublicense,
agreement or permission.   5.2.12 Taxes. Except as set forth on  Schedule
5.2.12:   (a) all Income Taxes and all Other Taxes (as  defined below) of
the Sellers with respect to the B-Line Business  not assumed by Buyer
hereunder for all periods ending on or prior  to the Effective Time (whether
or not shown on a Tax return or  other rendition of Taxes (defined below))
have been or will be  paid by Sellers and will not result in the imposition
of any  further assessment or any Lien on any of the Assets which
would  affect the value thereof or title thereto. Further, with
respect  to Other Taxes relating to periods before the Effective Time
for  which no return or payment will be due prior to the Effective  Time,
adequate provision has been made in the most recent balance  sheet of the
Financial Statements (and will be made in the  Adjusted Consolidated
Valuation) for all liabilities arising  thereunder.   (b) B-Line and
B-Line Manufacturing and the  other Operating Companies and their
predecessors (i) have filed  or caused to be filed with the appropriate
Authority all Income  Tax and Other Tax returns which have been required to
be filed  prior to the date of this Agreement (taking into account
any  extensions of the time for filing such Income and other Tax  returns)
and (ii) have paid in full all Taxes due and payable,  except to the extent
such liabilities are reflected in the  Preliminary or Adjusted Consolidated
Valuation as current  liabilities, as applicable. No unresolved claim has
been made in  any jurisdiction where Tax returns related to the B-Line
Business  are not filed that such Tax returns must be filed. All
Tax  returns filed or caused to be filed by B-Line and
B-Line  Manufacturing and the other Operating Companies and
their  predecessors are correct and complete in all material respects.  
(c) The Operating Companies have complied with  all Laws relating to the
withholding of Taxes with respect to the  B-Line Business and the payment
thereof and have timely and  properly withheld from employees, independent
contractors,  creditors, shareholders and third parties, and paid over to
the  proper Authority(ies), all amounts required to be withheld and  paid
over under applicable Law.   (d) Neither B-Line nor B-Line Manufacturing
nor  the Operating Companies has waived any statute of limitations
in  respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect  to
any Tax assessment or deficiency.   (e) For purposes of this Agreement,
"Income  Taxes" shall mean all foreign and United States
national,  federal, state, provincial and local taxes upon the income of
the  Sellers or the Operating Companies in relation to the
B-Line  Business, including any interest, penalties or additions to
tax  that may become payable in respect thereof, arising before
the  Effective Time. Income Taxes shall not include payroll and  employee
withholding taxes, value added, unemployment insurance,  social security,
sales and use taxes, excise taxes, franchise  taxes, gross receipts taxes,
occupation taxes, real and personal  property taxes, stamp taxes, transfer
taxes, workers compensation  and all other foreign, United States federal,
state, local or  other taxes of any nature whatsoever (including any
interest,  penalties or additions to tax that may become payable in
respect  thereof, collectively "Other Taxes"). "Tax" and "Taxes"
shall  mean both Income Taxes and Other Taxes.   5.2.13 Contracts.
Schedules 5.2.4, 5.2.8,  5.2.10, 5.2.11, 5.2.13 and 7.3(b), set forth all
contracts,  agreements, indentures, guarantees, notes, letters of credit
and  loan or credit agreements to which any of the Operating Companies  in
connection with the B-Line Business is a party or by which any  of the
Assets are bound or subject and which:   (a) involve payments still to be
made by or to  the Operating Companies in connection with the B-Line
Business of  amounts which exceed $50,000 in any year;   (b) were entered
into not in the ordinary course  of business and exceed $50,000 in the
aggregate;   (c) concern a partnership, trust or joint  venture;   (d)
concern confidentiality or noncompetition;   (e) provide for the creation,
assumption or  guarantee of any indebtedness for borrowed money or
any  capitalized lease obligation involving more than $50,000
or  imposition of a Lien other than a Permitted Lien) on any of
the  Assets;   (f) are material intercompany agreements among  the
Operating Companies, Sellers or their affiliates or any of  them;   (g)
are profit sharing, stock option, stock  purchase, stock appreciation,
deferred compensation, severance or  other plans or arrangements for the
benefit of its current or  former directors, officers and employees (other
than as covered  by Section 5.2.15).;   (h) are for the employment of any
individual on a  full-time, part-time, consulting, or other basis providing
annual  compensation in excess of $50,000 or providing
severance  benefits;   (i) are related to any credit facility, letter
of  credit, payment or performance bond, or other
surety  relationship;   (j) are material to the B-Line Business
and  require consent of the other party thereto in connection with
the  transactions contemplated under this Agreement (collectively,
the  "Scheduled Contracts"). All such Scheduled Contracts are in
full  force and effect and are binding obligations of the
Operating  Companies and, to Sellers\' knowledge, of the other
parties  thereto, and the Operating Companies, and, to Sellers\'
knowledge,  the other parties, have in all material respects performed
all  obligations required to be performed by them and are not  materially
in default thereunder.   5.2.14 Labor Relations. Except as set forth
on  Schedule 5.2.14, (i) the Operating Companies are not a party to  any
collective bargaining agreement pertaining to the B-Line  Business, and no
collective bargaining agreement with respect to  any employees employed
solely in connection with the B-Line  Business is currently being negotiated
by the Operating  Companies; and (ii) there has been no work stoppage or any
other  material labor difficulty during the ten years
immediately  preceding the date of this Agreement in relation to the
B-Line  Business.   5.2.15 Compliance with ERISA.   (a) Schedule
5.2.15(a) sets forth each "employee  benefit plan" (as defined in Section
3(3) of the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA"))  which Sellers and the Operating Companies maintain or
contribute  to with respect to employees employed in relation to the
B-Line  Business (the "Plans"). Each Plan, to the extent applicable,
is  identified on Schedule 5.2.15(a) as one or more of the following:  an
"employee pension plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA);  a plan
subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 302 of ERISA or  Section 412 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and  applicable Treasury
regulations thereunder; a "multiemployer  plan" (as defined in Section
4001(a)(3) of ERISA); and an  "employee welfare plan" (as defined in Section
3(2) of ERISA).   (b) Each Plan complies with the applicable  requirements
of Law, and no claims or actions by the Internal  Revenue Service, the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation  ("PBGC"), the Department of Labor, any
participant or beneficiary  or any other person currently are pending, or to
Sellers\'  knowledge are threatened, with respect to any Plan, other
than  claims for benefits in the ordinary course.   (c) There has been
delivered to Buyer with  respect to each Plan correct and complete copies
of:   (i) the annual report, if required under   ERISA;   (ii) the
Summary Plan Description, together   with each Summary of Material
Modifications, required under   ERISA, and, unless the Plan is embodied
entirely in an   insurance policy, a true and complete copy of the Plan;
and   (iii) if the Plan is funded through a   trust or any third-party
funding vehicle (other than an   insurance policy or with respect to any
multi-employer   plan), the trust or other funding agreement and the
latest   financial statements thereof.   5.2.16 Accounts Receivable. The
accounts  receivable of the B-Line Business reflected in the
Preliminary  Consolidated Valuation arose in the ordinary course of
business  and are reflected therein and in the Financial Statements
in  accordance with GAAP consistently applied to the B-Line  Business. To
the Sellers\' knowledge, such accounts receivable  are valid receivables,
current and collectible, and not subject  to any valid counterclaim, set-
off, defense or Lien except to the  extent of any reserves in respect
thereof reflected in the  Preliminary Consolidated Valuation.   5.2.17
Inventory. Except as set forth on  Schedule 5.2.17 or to the extent of any
reserve reflected in the  Preliminary Consolidated Valuation, all physical
inventories of  the B-Line Business held by the Operating Companies at
any  location, consisting of raw materials, work in process,
finished  goods and manufactured and purchased parts and supplies, (a)
are  valued at lower of cost or market (first-in, first-out), and  (b) are
merchantable in the ordinary course of business.   5.2.18 Environmental
Matters. Except as set  forth on Schedule 5.2.18:   (a) B-Line and B-Line
Manufacturing, and the  other Operating Companies in their operation of the
B-Line  Business are and to Sellers\' knowledge their
respective  predecessors have been in compliance in all material
respects  with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below),
and  there have been no Releases (as defined below) of any
material  amount of Hazardous Substances by the Operating Companies.   (b)
The following terms shall have the following  meanings wherever used in this
Agreement:   (i) "Environment" means the environment,  air, land, water
(wherever located and in whatever form), fauna,  flora and other natural
resources and any building or structure.   (ii) "Environmental Laws" mean
all applicable  foreign and United States national, federal, state,
provincial,  municipal and local Laws relating to pollution or protection
of  the Environment, including all Laws relating to the
manufacture,  processing, distribution, generation, use, ownership,
presence,  collection, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling,  recovery, recycling, removal, Release or threatened Release
of  any Hazardous Substances (as defined below), or regarding  exposure
to, monitoring or assessment of, or remediation  (including operation and
maintenance) of, any Hazardous  Substance, or record-keeping, notification
or reporting  requirements respecting any Hazardous Substance, or the on-
site  or off-site contamination or pollution of the Environment, or  air,
soil or water quality, or air or water emissions, or public  or employee
health and safety or community right-to-know,  including without limitation
the following U.S. federal laws:  the National Environmental Policy Act, 42
U.S.C. Section 4321 et  seq.; the Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by
the Resource  Conservation and Recovery Act and the Hazardous and Solid
Waste  Amendments Act of 1984, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq.;
the  Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended by the Clean  Water
Act of 1977, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et seq.; the Safe  Drinking Water Act,
42 U.S.C. Section 300f et seq.; the Clean  Air Act, as amended by the Clean
Air Act Amendments of 1990, 42  U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq.; the
Comprehensive Environmental  Response, Compensation and Liability Act of
1980, as amended by  the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of
1986, 42  U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act,
15  U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide  and
Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. Section 136 et seq.; the Hazard  Communication
Standard, 29 C.F.R. Section 1910.1200; the  Emergency Planning and Community
Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42  U.S.C. Section 11001 et seq.; the Hazardous
Material  Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section; 1801 et seq. and
any  analogous foreign, state or local statutes and the
regulations  promulgated pursuant thereto in each case, as such laws,
statutes  and regulations are in effect on the date of this Agreement.  
(iv) "Hazardous Substances" mean any element,  compound, chemical mixture,
contaminant, pollutant material,  waste or other substance which is defined
as hazardous or toxic  under, regulated by, any Environmental Law or the
Release of  which is prohibited or restricted under any Environmental Law
or  which is known to pose a threat to health, safety or the  environment,
or is petroleum or any fraction thereof, asbestos,  asbestos-containing
material ("ACM"), methylene chloride,  trichloroethylene, or
1,2-dichloroethylene, a radioactive  substance, polychlorinated biphenyl,
dibenzofuran or dioxin.   (v) "Release" and "Released" mean
the  accidental or intentional, knowing or unknowing, spilling,  leaking,
discharging, pumping, pouring, emitting, leaching,  escaping, depositing,
adding, placing, emptying, dumping,  releasing, burying, injecting,
abandoning, migrating of any  Hazardous Substance into the Environment.  
(c) To Sellers\' knowledge, the Operating  Companies have or have applied
for all Permits required under  Environmental Laws for the operation of the
B-Line Business as  presently conducted (the "Environmental Permits") and
there are  no material violations, and no pending, or to Sellers\'
knowledge  threatened, material investigations or proceedings with
respect  to such Environmental Permits.   5.2.19 Transactions with
Affiliated Persons.  Except for employment arrangements disclosed on
Schedule 5.2.13  or 5.2.15(a) and except as set forth on Schedule 5.2.19,
to  Sellers\' knowledge, no officer, director or employee of
the  Operating Companies nor any relative of any such officer,  director
or employee, is a party to or has an interest (including  to Sellers\'
knowledge material equity interests in third  parties), directly or
indirectly, in any contract or commitment  to which the Operating Companies
in connection with the B-Line  Business is a party or by which any of the
Assets are or may be  bound or subject, or has any interest (including to
Sellers\'  knowledge material equity interests in third parties),
directly  or indirectly, in any personal property, tangible or
intangible,  owned by the Operating Companies and used in the B-Line
Business.   5.2.20 Stock Record and Minute Books. The  stock record books
and minute books of B-Line and B-Line  Manufacturing are true and correct.
Complete copies of the  articles or certificate of incorporation and bylaws
and all  amendments thereto currently in effect of B-Line and
B-Line  Manufacturing have been previously provided to Buyer.   5.2.21
Sufficiency of Assets. Except as set  forth on Schedule 5.2.21, the Assets
constitute all of the assets  that are used in the operation of the B-Line
Business in the same  manner as such business is conducted as of the date
hereof.   5.2.22 No Undisclosed Liabilities. None of the  Operating
Companies has any material liability or obligation, and  to Sellers\'
knowledge there is no valid basis for any present or  future Third Party
Action against any of them giving rise to any  such material liability or
obligation, except for (i) liabilities  or obligations reflected in the most
recent balance sheet  (including in any notes thereto) in the Audited
Financial  Statements, (ii) liabilities or obligations which have
arisen  after December 31, 1999 in the ordinary course of business of
the  B-Line Business (none of which results from, arises out of,  relates
to, is in the nature of, or was caused by, any material  breach of contract,
breach of warranty, tort, infringement or  violation of Law) and (iii)
liabilities or obligations scheduled  pursuant to any of the provisions of
Section 5.2 or which are not  required to be so scheduled because of any
limitation or  threshold applicable thereto.   5.2.23 No Broker. Except
for Goldman, Sachs and  Co. (whose fees shall be paid by Sellers), Sellers
have not  retained a broker or finder in connection with the
transactions  contemplated herein so as to give rise to any valid claim
against  Buyer for a finder\'s fee, brokerage commission or
similar  payment.   5.2.24 Scope of Representation. (a)  NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, IT IS THE  EXPLICIT INTENT OF EACH
PARTY HERETO THAT SELLERS ARE MAKING NO  REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, BEYOND  THOSE EXPRESSLY GIVEN IN THIS
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED  WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION AS TO
CONDITION, MERCHANTABILITY,  FITNESS FOR A SPECIFIC PURPOSE OR SUITABILITY
AS TO ANY OF THE  ASSETS AND IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
WARRANTED  IN THIS AGREEMENT (AND FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT WITHOUT
WAIVER  OR LIMITATION OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY EXPRESSLY
SET  FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT CONCERNING INVENTORY), BUYER TAKES
THE  ASSETS AS IS AND WHERE IS.   (b) The inclusion of any item on any
Schedule to  this Agreement shall not be construed as an indication that
such  item is material in any respect or as establishing a standard
or  indication of materiality.   5.2.25 Insurance Policies.   (a)
Schedule 5.2.25 ("Current B-Line Insurance")  includes all insurance
policies with respect to the B-Line  Business or the Assets to which any of
the Operating Companies is  as of the date hereof a party, a named insured
or otherwise the  beneficiary of coverage.   (b) Schedule 5.2.25 sets
forth with respect to  each insurance policy (including policies providing
property,  casualty, liability and workers\' compensation coverage and
bond  and surety arrangements) (i) the name of the insurer, the name
of  the policyholder, and the name of each covered insured, and (ii)  the
policy number and the period of coverage.   5.3 Representations and
Warranties of Buyer. Each  Buyer jointly and severally represents and
warrants to Sellers as  follows, which representations and warranties are
correct and  complete as of the date hereof, and will be correct and
complete  as of the Closing Date (as though made then and as though
the  Closing Date were substituted for the date of this
Agreement  throughout this Section 5.3):   5.3.1 Corporate Authority and
Non-  Contravention.   (a) Each of Cooper, CBL and CTC is a
corporation  duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the  laws of the States of Ohio, Delaware and Delaware, respectively.  
(b) Buyer has full corporate power and authority  to execute, deliver and
perform this Agreement and the applicable  Ancillary Agreements and to
consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution,
delivery and  performance of this Agreement and, as applicable, the
Ancillary  Agreements have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate  action on the part of Buyer and no stockholder approval
or  further approval of the board of directors of Buyer is necessary  for
the execution hereof or thereof or the consummation of the  transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.   (c) This Agreement and, as applicable,
the  Ancillary Agreements, have been duly executed and delivered by  Buyer
and constitute valid, legally binding and enforceable  obligations of Buyer,
subject, in the case of enforceability, to  applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency and similar laws affecting  creditors\' rights generally and to
principles of equity regarding  the availability of equitable remedies.  
(d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement  and, as applicable, the
Ancillary Agreements, by Buyer and  consummation by Buyer of the
transactions contemplated hereby and  thereby: do not (i) violate or
conflict with any provision of the  Articles or Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws of Buyer, (ii)  result in a breach of, constitute a default under,
give rise to  any right of termination, modification or acceleration of,
or  require any notice under, any material contract or agreement to  which
Buyer is a party, or (iii) violate any material Law,  regulation, order,
arbitration, award, judgment or decree to  which Buyer is a party or by
which it is bound.   5.3.2 Litigation Concerning Agreement. There  are no
actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to Buyer\'s  knowledge, threatened
against Buyer which will affect Buyer\'s  ability to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this  Agreement.   5.3.3 No Broker. Buyer has
not retained a  broker or finder in connection with the transactions
contemplated  herein or by the Ancillary Agreements so as to give rise to
any  valid claim against Sellers for a finder\'s fee,
brokerage  commission or similar payment.   5.3.4 Financing. Buyer will
have on the  Closing Date and at Settlement, respectively, sufficient
funds  immediately available to pay the Preliminary Purchase Price
and  the Adjusted Purchase Price, if any, as provided herein.   5.3.5
Buyer\'s Knowledge. The persons set out on Schedule 5.3.5 hereto do not know,
after reasonable inquiry, of any breach by Sellers of any representation or
warranty in Section 5.2 of this Agreement as of the date hereof.   ARTICLE
SIX: PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF  SELLERS AND BUYER   6.1 Covenants of Sellers.
Sellers hereby covenant and  agree:   6.1.1 Interim Operation of the
B-Line  Business. From the date of this Agreement to the Closing,
except  as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement or
the  Ancillary Agreements, disclosed on Schedule 6.1.1 or consented to  or
approved by Buyer in writing, which consent or approval shall  not be
unreasonably withheld, (a) Sellers shall and shall cause  the Operating
Companies to operate the B-Line Business in the  ordinary and usual course,
consistent with past practice;  (b) Sellers shall promptly advise Buyer in
writing of any adverse  change in the Assets or Assumed Liabilities which is
material to  the B-Line Business (which notice shall not amend or
supplement  any Schedule or prevent or cure any misrepresentation, breach
of  warranty or breach of covenant); (c) Sellers shall not grant or  cause
to be granted to any employee employed solely in relation  to the B-Line
Business any increase in compensation in any form,  or any severance or
termination pay, or make any loan to or enter  into any employment agreement
with any employee, other than  increases in compensation to employees in
accordance with past  practices as to timing and amount or increases as may
be required  by collective bargaining agreements previously
negotiated;  (d) the Operating Companies shall not engage in any
practice,  take any action, or enter into any transaction outside
the  ordinary course of business the primary purpose or effect of  which
will be to generate or preserve cash; (e) neither B-Line  nor B-Line
Manufacturing shall declare, set aside or pay any  dividend or make any
distribution in kind with respect to its  capital stock or redeem, purchase
or otherwise acquire any of its  capital stock, except as expressly
permitted herein;   (f) each of the Operating Companies shall use
its  reasonable best efforts to keep its business and
properties  substantially intact, including its present operations,
physical  facilities, working conditions, and relationships with
lessors,  licensors, suppliers, customers, and employees; and   (g)
Sellers shall not agree to take any action,  engage in any practice or enter
into any transaction which is of  the sort described in Section 5.2.4 (using
for the purpose of  determining whether this clause (g) requires consent a
threshold  of $250,000 rather than any other threshold set out therein)
or  which would violate the foregoing clauses (a) and (c)
through  (g).   6.1.2 Access to Records Prior to Closing.  From the date
of this Agreement to the Closing, Sellers shall  afford or cause to be
afforded to the officers, attorneys,  accountants and other authorized
representatives of Buyer  displaying appropriate credentials reasonable
access during  normal business hours to any and all of the premises,
properties,  contracts, books, records and data of or relating to the
B-Line  Business, provided that (a) such investigation shall
not  unreasonably interfere with the operation of the B-Line Business  or
Sellers\' other business, (b) such access shall be only with  reasonable
prior notice to Sellers, (c) the providing of such  information will not
cause any of the Sellers or any affiliate of  any of the Sellers to be in
violation of Law, or bona fide  preexisting (as of the date hereof)
agreement, and (d) no  information subject to a requirement of bona fide
confidentiality  on the part of any of the Sellers or any affiliate of
Sellers  shall be provided to Buyer except in a manner which complies
with  such requirement.   6.1.3 Notices and Consents. Prior to
Closing,  Sellers will cause each of the Operating Companies to give
any  notices to third parties, and will cause each of the
Operating  Companies to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain any
third-  party consents, that Buyer may request in connection with
the  matters referred to in Section 5.2.1 above. Each of the Parties  will
(and Sellers will cause each of the Operating Companies to)  give any
notices to, make any filings with, and use its  reasonable best efforts to
obtain any authorizations, consents  and approvals of, Authorities in
connection with the matters  referred to in Section 5.2.1 and 5.3.1
above.   6.1.4 Exclusivity. From the date of this  Agreement to the
Closing, none of Sellers will (and Sellers will  not cause or permit any of
their affiliates) to solicit, initiate  or encourage the submission of any
proposal or offer from any  person or entity relating to the acquisition of
the B-Line  Business, or participate in any discussions or
negotiations  relating to the sale solely of the B-Line Business.   6.1.5
Covenant Not to Compete. For a period  of five (5) years from and after the
Effective Time, none of  Sellers will (and Sellers will cause their
affiliates not to)  engage directly or indirectly in any business that
competes with  the B-Line Business as and where conducted by any of
the  Operating Companies as of the date hereof or the Effective
Time;  provided, however, that ownership of less than 1% of
the  outstanding stock of any publicly traded corporation shall not
be  deemed to engage solely by reason thereof in any of its  businesses.
If the final judgment of an arbitrator or court of  competent jurisdiction
declares that any term or provision of  this Section 6.1.5 is invalid or
unenforceable, the Parties agree  that the arbitrator or court making the
determination of  invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to
reduce the  scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to
delete  specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid
or  unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that
is  valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing
the  intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision,
and  this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified. The  provisions
of this Section 6.1.5 shall not prevent Sellers and  their affiliates from
acquiring an entity or business of which a  business which so competes
represents less than 10% of the  revenue, provided that such competing
business is promptly  divested.   6.1.6 Non-Solicitation. For two (2)
years  from and after the Effective Time, Sellers shall not (and
Sellers  shall cause their affiliates not to) directly or
indirectly  solicit for employment or employ the employees of the
B-Line  Business without the prior written consent of Buyer.
The  provisions of this Section 6.1.6 shall not apply to (a)
general  solicitations of employment (such as newspaper solicitations)
not  directed specifically at the employees of the B-Line Business or  (b)
employing personnel hired as a result of such advertisements  or unsolicited
applications.   6.1.7 Transition. None of Sellers will  knowingly take any
action that is designed or intended to have  the effect of discouraging any
lessor, licensor, customer,  supplier, or other business associate of any of
the Operating  Companies from maintaining the same business relationships
with  the Operating Companies after the Closing as it maintained with  the
Operating Companies prior to the Closing. Each of Sellers  will refer all
customer inquiries relating to the B-Line Business  to Buyer from and after
the Closing (subject to the Transition  Services Agreement).   6.1.8
Intercompany Accounts and Agreements.  Prior to the Closing, Sellers shall
cancel all intercompany  accounts and agreements, except those agreements
set forth on  Schedule 6.1.8, between the B-Line Business on one side and
any  of Sellers on the other side.   6.1.9 Further Assurances. After the
Closing,  Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer
such  other instruments and information as Buyer may reasonably
request  in order effectively to convey to and vest in Buyer good
and  marketable title to the Assets and to do all such further acts  and
things as may be reasonably required to carry out the  transactions
contemplated hereunder.   6.2 Covenants of Buyer. Buyer hereby covenants
and  agrees:   6.2.1 Further Assurances. After the Closing,  Buyer will
deliver to Sellers such other instruments and  information as Sellers may
reasonably request in order to  evidence and confirm Buyer\'s assumption of
the Assumed  Liabilities and to do all such further acts and things as may
be  reasonably required to carry out the transactions
contemplated  hereunder, subject to applicable Law. Sellers acknowledge
that  Buyer will be entitled to possession of all documents, books
and  records (including Other Tax records), agreements and financial  data
relating exclusively to the B-Line Business, B-Line and B-  Line
Manufacturing.   6.2.2 No Reliance. The purchase of the B-Line  Business
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated  hereunder by Buyer
are not done in reliance by Buyer or its  affiliates or agents upon any
warranty or representation or  covenant by, or information from or on behalf
of Sellers or any  affiliate of Sellers of any sort, oral or written, except
the  warranties and representations and covenants specifically set  forth
in this Agreement.   6.3 Mutual Covenants of the Parties. The Parties
each  hereby covenant and agree with each other:   6.3.1 Best Efforts and
Cooperation. The  Parties shall each use their best efforts to take, or
cause to be  taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all
things  reasonably necessary, proper or advisable, and to cooperate
with  each other as is reasonably required for such purpose,
to  consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by  this
Agreement, provided that nothing in this Agreement shall  obligate either
Sellers or Buyer to waive any conditions to its  obligation to effect the
Closing. In case at any time after the  Closing any further action is
reasonably necessary or desirable  to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement, the proper officers  or directors of Sellers or Buyer, as the
case may be, shall take  all such reasonably necessary or desirable actions.
Without  limiting the generality of the foregoing, if a required
consent  is not obtained with respect to the assignment or transfer of
any  material Permit, contract or Lease, Sellers and Buyer
shall  cooperate in entering into any reasonable arrangement which
will  provide Buyer with the rights and benefits (subject to
the  obligations) thereof, including if permissible and reasonable
a  Seller acting as agent on behalf of Buyer at Buyer\'s expense.   6.3.2
Communications. Any communications,  notices to or discussions with
customers or suppliers of the B-  Line Business, press releases, public
announcements or other  publicity proposed to be released or permitted by
any Party  hereto concerning this Agreement or the transactions hereby
or  thereby contemplated shall be, insofar as practicable and
lawful,  subject to prior review by and, except as required by Law or
a  Party\'s listing or trading agreement concerning its publicly-  traded
securities, written approval of Cooper and SIAL.   6.3.3 Access to Records
and Employees  Subsequent to Closing.   (a) For a period of five years
following the  Closing, or for such longer periods as may be required by
Law,  any Authority or ongoing litigation with respect to any Third  Party
Action in connection with (i) any transaction contemplated  under this
Agreement or (ii) any fact, event, situation,  circumstance, status,
condition, activity, practice, plan,  occurrence, event, incident, action,
failure to act or  transaction (collectively, "Occurrence" ) prior to the
Effective  Time involving any of the Operating Companies, Sellers and
Buyer  shall retain or cause to be retained all material business  records
(including without limitation all material records used  or useful in the
preparation of Tax returns) relating solely to  the operation, prior to the
Effective Time, of the B-Line  Business. Sellers and Buyer shall provide or
cause to be  provided duly authorized representatives of the other
(the  "Requesting Party") displaying appropriate credentials and  subject
to appropriate assurances of confidentiality reasonable  access to all such
business records for bona fide business  reasons at any time during regular
business hours for a period of  five years after the Closing Date or such
later time as is  required for retention of such business records, and
subject to  the requirements of applicable laws, regulations or
agreements,  the Requesting Party may make abstracts from, or make copies
of,  any such business records as it may deem desirable, at its
own  expense. In connection with any review of such business
records,  Sellers or Buyer shall provide to such duly
authorized  representatives of the Requesting Party: (A) access to and
the  testimony of (to the extent of their reasonable best
efforts)  employees who are familiar with such business records and who
can  assist such representatives, at the Requesting Party\'s own  expense,
in locating, explaining or otherwise reviewing such  business records; and
(B) permission to use copying facilities,  clerical services and telephones
at the Requesting Party\'s  expense. Neither Sellers on the one hand, nor
Buyer on the  other, shall destroy any material business records related
solely  to the B-Line Business without first giving the other
prior  written notice thereof and 90 days thereafter either to consent  to
such destruction or to take possession of such records.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in this Section 6.3.3  shall be construed so as to waive
any right to recover under  Article Eight any expenses related to the
foregoing or so as to  require any Party to take any action which shall
result in a  breach or waiver of any applicable attorney-client or
similar  privilege.   (b) If, in connection with any
litigation,  arbitration, audit or settlement proceedings or negotiations
with  respect to the operation of the B-Line Business the
Requesting  Party shall require the assistance of employees employed
in  connection with the B-Line Business, the appropriate other
Party  shall make available such employees as are reasonably
required,  and the Requesting Party shall pay such other Party\'s  out-of-
pocket costs incurred in connection with such assistance  by such
employees.   6.3.4 Failure of Conditions; Waiver. . If  Buyer accepts a
certificate under Section 4.2(a) containing one  or more qualifications to
the certification that the conditions  set forth in Section 3.2.1 have been
fulfilled, and in the event  that Buyer nevertheless consummates the
transactions contemplated  hereby, Buyer shall be deemed to have waived such
condition of  Closing but shall not have waived any claims based upon
matters  identified in such qualification(s). If Sellers accept
a  certificate under Section 4.3(b) containing one or more  qualifications
to the certification that the conditions set forth  in Section 3.1.1 have
been fulfilled, and in the event that  Sellers nevertheless consummate the
transactions contemplated  hereby, Sellers shall be deemed to have waived
such condition of  Closing but shall not have waived any claims based upon
matters  identified in such qualification(s).   6.3.5 Insurance. Sellers
shall use their  reasonable efforts to maintain continuously from the date
hereof  through the Effective Time the insurance coverage presently
in  force with respect to the B-Line Business and the Assets.   6.3.6
Amounts Received for Accounts  Receivable. After the Closing any amounts
received by Sellers  which relate to accounts receivable of the B-Line
Business  (except to the extent constituting Excluded Assets) shall
be  promptly forwarded to Buyer.   6.3.7 Hart-Scott-Rodino Act Approvals.
The  Parties shall make their respective filings under the Hart-
Scott-  Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended ("HSR
Act")  as soon as practicable, but in no event later than five days  after
the date hereof, shall request early termination of any  waiting periods
thereunder, and shall promptly make any further  filings pursuant thereto or
which may be necessary to consummate  the transactions contemplated herein;
provided, however, that  nothing in this Section 6.3.7 shall obligate either
Sellers or  Buyer to waive any conditions to their respective obligations
to  effect the Closing. The Parties also agree promptly to prepare  and
make such other filings and provide such information to each  other or to
any Authority as may be necessary, or, in the  reasonable opinion of the
Parties or their counsel, advisable to  permit the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   6.3.8 Tax Matters.   (a) For purposes
of this Section, the following terms  have the following meanings:   (i)
"Seller Group" means, with respect to U.S.   federal Income Taxes, the
affiliated group of corporations (as   defined in Section 1504(a) of the
Code) of which SIAL is the   parent and, with respect to state or local
Income Taxes, the   consolidated, combined or unitary group of which any
of   Sellers or any of its affiliates is a member.   (ii) "Tax Asset"
means any net operating loss,   net capital loss, investment tax credit,
foreign tax credit,   charitable deduction, claim for refund or any other
credit or   tax attribute which could reduce Income Taxes (including,  
without limitation, deductions and credits related to   alternative minimum
Income Taxes) or Other Taxes, provided,   however, that such term shall not
include the Tax basis of the   Shares.   (b) Sellers will prepare and
file, or cause to be  prepared and filed, all federal, state and foreign
Income Tax  returns for the Operating Companies required to be filed with
the  appropriate United States, state, and foreign governmental  entities
for any taxable period that ends on or before the  Effective Time (the "Pre-
Closing Tax Period"). Sellers will  prepare and, if required to do so by
applicable law, deliver to  Buyer for signing and filing any state Income
Tax returns of each  of B-Line and B-Line Manufacturing with respect to any
Pre-  Closing Tax Period (including any short period) that have not  been
filed prior to the Closing Date. Buyer shall have an  opportunity to review,
but shall not unreasonably refuse to sign  and file such state Income Tax
returns. In the event Buyer  disagrees with any such return as prepared by
Sellers, Buyer  shall promptly notify Sellers, and the parties shall resolve
such  disagreements in the manner set forth in Section 9.3. Sellers  will
make all payments owing with respect to any such Tax returns  to the extent
not reflected in the Adjusted Consolidated  Valuation.   (c) Except as
provided in Section 6.3.8(b), Buyer will  prepare and file, or cause to be
prepared and filed, all Income  Tax returns for B-Line and B-Line
Manufacturing that are required  to be filed with the appropriate United
States, state, and  foreign governmental entities for all periods as to
which such  Income Tax returns are due after the Effective Time. Buyer
will  pay, or caused to be paid, all Income Taxes required to be
paid  with respect to such Income Tax returns.   (d) In order to assist
Sellers in the preparation of  all Income Tax returns that Sellers are
required to prepare  pursuant to this Agreement, Buyer will prepare, or
cause B-Line  and B-Line Manufacturing to prepare, and deliver to
Sellers,  within 90 days following the relevant taxable period,
standard  Federal and state Income Tax return data gathering
packages  relating to such companies. In addition to providing
such  packages, Buyer will promptly provide, or cause to be provided,  to
Sellers such other information as Sellers may reasonably  request (including
access to books, records and personnel) in  order for the operations of
B-Line and B-Line Manufacturing to be  properly reported in such Income Tax
returns, for the preparation  for any Income Tax audit or for the
prosecution or defense of any  claims, suit or proceeding relating to Income
Taxes.   (e) Sellers shall provide such information as  reasonably
requested by Buyer to enable Buyer to fulfill its  obligations for payment
of Other Taxes accrued for periods before  the Effective Time. Sellers
further agree to provide any  reasonable assistance requested by Buyer with
respect to any  audits or examinations of returns for taxable periods prior
to  the Effective Time.   (f) Buyer covenants that it will not cause or
permit B-  Line or B-Line Manufacturing or any affiliate of Buyer to
amend  any Income Tax or Other Tax return or take any Income Tax or  Other
Tax position on any Income Tax or Other Tax return, take  any action, omit
to take any action or enter into any transaction  that results in any
increased Income Tax or Other Tax liability  or reduction of any Tax Asset
of SIAL or the Seller Group in  respect of any Pre-Closing Tax Period.  
(g) If, with respect to an Income Tax or Other Tax  return required to be
filed by B-Line or B-Line Manufacturing,  Sellers reasonably determine that
B-Line or B-Line Manufacturing  is entitled to file a claim for refund or an
amended Income Tax  or Other Tax return with respect to a Pre-Closing Tax
Period,  Buyer shall, upon Sellers\' reasonable request, cause B-Line or
B-  Line Manufacturing to file all such claims or amended Income Tax  or
Other Tax returns at Sellers\' expense. Buyer shall use its  reasonable best
efforts to secure claims for refunds pending as  of the Closing Date. Buyer
shall promptly pay or shall cause  prompt payment to be made to Sellers of
all refunds of Income  Taxes or Other Taxes and interest thereon received
by, or  credited against the Income Tax or Other Tax liability
or  interest thereon that would otherwise have been payable but for
a  credit being elected, of Buyer, any affiliate of Buyer, or B-Line  or
B-Line Manufacturing attributable to Income Taxes or Other  Taxes paid by
Sellers, B-Line or B-Line Manufacturing or any  affiliate of Sellers with
respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period.   (h) Buyer shall be solely liable
for and shall pay all  applicable sales, transfer, use, stamp, conveyance,
value added,  real property transfer, recording, stock transfer and
other  similar Taxes, if any, together with all recording or filing  fees,
notarial fees and other similar costs of Closing, that may  be imposed upon,
or payable, collectible or incurred in  connection with any deemed sale of
assets pursuant to any Section  338(h)(10) Election (including an election
pursuant to Section  338(g) of the Code or a purported Section 338(h)(10)
Election  that is determined to be invalid or ineffective) or otherwise
as  a result of the transfer of the Assets ("Transfer
Taxes").  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sellers shall include in
its  federal consolidated Income Tax return or separate state Income  Tax
return the income attributable to the deemed sale of assets  pursuant to any
Section 338(h)(10) Election or equivalent  election under state law and any
income Tax liability resulting  therefrom.   ARTICLE SEVEN: EMPLOYEES AND
EMPLOYEE MATTERS   7.1 Treatment of Employees-General. (a) At
the  Closing, Buyer shall, and shall be deemed to, offer immediate
or  continuing employment (so that no period of unemployment occurs)  to
all hourly and salaried employees of the Operating Companies  employed
immediately prior to Closing in relation to the B-Line  Business who are
listed on Schedule 7.1(a) as updated through  Closing, including to account
for changes between the effective  date of such schedule and the date of
this Agreement and between  the date of this Agreement and the Effective
Time, including  without limitation disabled and laid off personnel and
personnel  on leave ("Current Employees"), in each case in the
same  employment status (for example, without limitation,
temporary  leave, part time or temporary employment), and with the
same  hours, pay and other terms and conditions of employment, as
exist  at Closing. Such employees who accept such offer are referred
to  hereinafter collectively as "Employees" and individually as
an  "Employee."   (b) Buyer agrees to provide to the Employees
benefits  not less favorable in the aggregate to the benefits
currently  provided to other similarly classified employees of Buyer,
except  as required by the terms of any written employment contract
or  agreement with such Employee. Any benefit plans or programs  provided
by Buyer shall give full credit for each participant\'s  years of service
with the Operating Companies prior to the  Effective Time for all purposes
(other than for the accrual of  benefits) for which such service was
recognized under the Plans  set forth on Schedule 5.2.15(a), including, but
not limited to,  recognition of service for eligibility, vesting,
eligibility to  participate and eligibility for disability and early
retirement  benefits.   7.2 Welfare Benefits. (a) As of and after
the  Effective Time, Buyer shall be responsible for all benefits  arising
from claims of Employees under employee welfare benefit  plans applicable to
Employees of the B-Line Business with respect  to claims incurred on or
after the Closing Date. Buyer shall  provide benefits to eligible employees
pursuant to this  Section 7.2 notwithstanding any waiting periods or pre-
existing  condition restrictions which may be contained in any of
Buyer\'s  applicable welfare benefit plans or programs which are
applicable  to any of the Employees following the Effective Time.
Sellers  shall use their reasonable best efforts to assist
in  establishing, at Buyer\'s cost, transition arrangements which  allow
Buyer to continue to provide welfare benefits which are  self-insured. Upon
request, Sellers will allow Buyer to install  its Cyborg payroll and human
resources software at the B-Line  Business prior to the Closing Date, and
such software shall  remain the property of Buyer.   (b) Sellers shall
retain all liability and be  responsible for retiree welfare benefits to be
provided to  current retirees of the B-Line Business and to Current
Employees  (as of the later of the date benefits commence under the
Sigma-  Aldrich Corporation Retirement Security Value Plan or the
date  the Current Employee ceases employment with Buyer or any  affiliate
of Buyer or member of its controlling group) who have  met the age and
service eligibility requirements as of the  Effective Time. Current
Employees who have not met the age and  service eligibility requirements as
of the Effective Time shall  not be eligible for retiree welfare benefits
from Seller, and  Buyer shall assume and be solely responsible for any
retiree  welfare benefits to which such Current Employees may be
entitled  after the Effective Time and shall indemnify and hold
Sellers  harmless with respect thereto.   7.3 Buyer\'s Assumption of
Liability. As of and after  the Effective Time,   (a) (i) Buyer shall
recognize each collective  bargaining representative of the Current
Employees, and shall  assume any and all liabilities, responsibilities and
obligations  of Sellers under collective bargaining agreements set forth
on  Schedule 5.2.14 with respect to the B-Line Business and (ii)  Buyer
shall recognize all periods of employment of each Employee  prior to the
Effective Time with the Operating Companies  (individually or in sum) for
all purposes including, without  limitation, calculating vacation pay,
severance benefits and as  relevant to the benefits described in Section 7.2
hereof, as if  such Employee had been so employed by Buyer.   (b) Buyer
shall assume the liabilities and  obligations of the Operating Companies
with respect to the  agreements listed on Schedule 7.3(b) except (and only
except) if  a Current Employee receives severance pay pursuant to such
an  agreement because he or she reasonably judges that a
"Permitted  Executive Resignation" has occurred as provided in paragraph
b(i)  or (ii) of the definition of such term contained in Section 2
of  such Agreements but that notwithstanding such reasonable
judgment  none of the changes enumerated in such paragraphs b(i) or
(ii)  has, in fact, occurred, in which event Sellers shall be  responsible
for such severance pay. Buyer shall promptly notify  SIAL in writing in the
event any Current Employee claims such a  Permitted Executive Resignation
has occurred and in the event  Buyer claims that it would not be responsible
for such severance  pay because the conditions of the preceding sentence
have been  satisfied. Buyer shall not pay such severance pay without
SIAL\'s  prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld)  or unless required to do so by court order. Sellers shall
retain  and be responsible for any other liabilities and obligations
of  the Operating Companies for severance pay or other
separation  benefits to which any Current Employee may be or become
entitled  up to the Effective Time. Buyers shall assume and be
responsible  for any severance pay or other separation benefits to which
any  Current Employee may be or become entitled following the  Effective
Time.   7.4 Plant Closing Law. Set forth on Schedule 7.4 is  the number of
employees of the Operating Companies in connection  with the B-Line Business
whose employment has been terminated  during the six-month period prior to
the date of this Agreement,  and the location of their employment at the
time of termination.  Buyer acknowledges that such actions may affect
Buyer\'s  subsequent labor and employment decisions regarding
layoffs,  terminations and closings with respect to the B-Line
Business.  Buyer shall bear all responsibility for any liability
or  obligation under the Workers\' Assistance and Retraining  Notification
Act ("WARN") in connection with the B-Line Business  arising from any action
by Buyer (whether or not considered in  connection with the activity
specified on Schedule 7.4) after the  Closing.   7.5 Security Value Plan.
As of the Effective Time,  Sellers shall amend the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation
Retirement  Security Value Plan to fully vest all benefits accrued
by  Employees. Sellers shall retain all liabilities associated
with  benefits accrued under the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation
Retirement  Security Value Plan.   7.6 401(k) Plan. As of the Effective
Time, Sellers  shall amend the Sigma-Aldrich 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
to  fully vest all account balances of Employees in the Sigma-
Aldrich  401(k) Retirement Savings Plan. Sellers shall retain
all  liabilities associated with benefits accrued by and payable
to  Employees under the Sigma-Aldrich 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan.  
ARTICLE EIGHT: INDEMNIFICATION   8.1 Indemnification by Buyer. From and
after the  Closing Date, Buyer shall defend, indemnify and hold
harmless  Sellers, affiliates and shareholders of Sellers and
their  employees, officers, directors and agents from and against any  and
all claims, losses, demands, causes of action, suits, orders,  decrees,
judgments, debts, liabilities and expenses, including  but not limited to
court costs, arbitration costs and reasonable  attorneys\' and experts\'
fees and expenses in any venue, forum or  tribunal, domestic or foreign,
(collectively, a "Claim")  resulting from (a) any failure of Buyer promptly
to carry out,  perform, satisfy and discharge any of its covenants,
agreements,  undertakings or obligations under this Agreement or any
Ancillary  Agreement, including, without limitation, any liability
under  WARN or any similar state statute or regulation relating
to  layoffs, terminations or closings, (b) subject to Section 6.3.4,  any
breach of any representation or warranty by Buyer contained  herein or in
any certificate delivered at the Closing in respect  thereof, (c) Buyer\'s
ownership and operation of the Assets and B-  Line Business after the
Effective Time or (d) the Assumed  Liabilities. For the avoidance of doubt,
however, Buyer shall  assume and be responsible for Pre-Closing Product
Claims, but  only to the extent of the reserve or accrual therefor
reflected  on the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation (any further or
greater  liability or obligation for Pre-Closing Product Claims
being  retained by Sellers).   8.2 Indemnification by Sellers. From and
after the  Closing Date, Sellers shall defend, indemnify and hold
harmless  Buyer, affiliates and shareholders of Buyer and their
respective  employees, officers, directors, agents and permitted
transferees  from and against any and all Claims resulting from or arising
out  of:   (a) any failure of Sellers promptly to carry out,  perform,
satisfy and discharge any of their covenants,  agreements, undertakings, or
obligations under this Agreement;   (b) subject to Section 6.3.4, any breach
of any  representation or warranty of Sellers contained herein, or in
any  certificate delivered at the Closing in respect thereof;   (c) any
liability or obligation of Sellers which  is not an Assumed Liability;  
(d) any liability of B-Line or B-Line  Manufacturing or the other Operating
Companies for the unpaid  Taxes of any other person or entity under Treas.
Reg. Section  1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or
foreign  Law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise
for  any Taxable period ending on or before the Effective Time;   (e) any
of the following matters, notwithstanding  any disclosure made to Buyer, but
except to the extent of a  reserve or accrual therefor reflected on the
final Adjusted  Consolidated Valuation:   (i) Pre-Closing Product Claims
(to the   extent not assumed by Buyer pursuant to Section 1.2 above);  
(ii) workers\' compensation claims arising   from any Occurrences prior to
the Effective Time;   (iii) the payment of any retention pay or   bonus to
any Current Employee agreed to by or on behalf of   Sellers prior to the
Effective Time by reason of the sale   and purchase of the B-Line Business
contemplated in this   Agreement (but excluding any obligations to
provide   severance pay assumed by Buyer pursuant to the terms of this  
Agreement including without limitation Section 7.3 hereof);   or   (iv)
the assertion of any Claim relating to   any of Sellers\' liability for
Income Taxes owed by any of   Sellers for any taxable period ending on or
before the   Closing Date except for Taxes assumed by Buyer pursuant to  
Section 6.3.8(g); and   (v) any Environmental Liabilities arising   out of
Occurrences prior to the Effective Time, except (A)   excluding any
remediation or other corrective action which   is not required by
Environmental Law, and (B) to the extent   that any such Environmental
Liability is increased as a   result of any Occurrence following the
Effective Time.   (f) the foregoing notwithstanding, however,  Sellers
shall not be required to indemnify Buyer or any other  person or entity
hereunder in regard to clause (b) (and such  clause only) of this Section
8.2 unless and until the aggregate  amount of all Claims pursuant to such
clause (b) of this Section  8.2 exceeds $5,000,000 (the "Basket"), and then
only for the  amount of such Claims in excess of the Basket, and
further  provided that Sellers shall not be required to indemnify Buyer
or  any other person or entity hereunder pursuant to clause (b) of  this
Section 8.2 in the aggregate in an amount greater than 50%  of the Adjusted
Purchase Price (the "Cap"). The ability of Buyer  to seek indemnity pursuant
to clause (b) of this Section 8.2  shall not preclude Buyer from asserting
its claim (on a first  dollar basis) pursuant to any other applicable
clauses of this  Section 8.2. Buyer, or any other person or entity
hereunder  shall not be entitled to indemnity under clause (b) of
this  Section 8.2 to the extent any liability or loss which is
the  subject of such claim is reserved or accrued on the
Adjusted  Consolidated Evaluation.   8.3 Indemnification Procedures.
Promptly after  acquiring knowledge of any Claim against which a party
entitled  to indemnification hereunder (the "Indemnified Party") may
seek  indemnification against the other party (the "Indemnifying  Party")
pursuant to this Article Eight, the Indemnified Party  shall give written
notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party;  provided, however, that failure
to provide such notice will not  relieve the Indemnifying Party of any
liability that it may have  to the Indemnified Party under this Agreement
unless and to the  extent the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced as a result
of such  failure (and in such event, the Indemnifying Party shall
be  relieved of liability only to the extent of such prejudice). To  the
extent that the Claim consists of or relates to a claim, suit  or action by
a third party (including an Authority)(a "Third  Party Action"), so long. as
the Indemnifying Party is actively  and diligently conducting itself in
accordance with these  provisions the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled
to assume  control of the defense of the Third Party Action with counsel
and  experts reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party;  provided
however, that (x) the Indemnified Party shall at its own  expense be
entitled to participate in the defense of such Third  Party Action and to
employ separate counsel and experts and (y)  without the written consent of
the Indemnified Party (which shall  not be unreasonably withheld), the
Indemnifying Party shall not  consent to the entry of any judgment or enter
into any settlement  that (a) does not include as an unconditional term
thereof the  giving by the claimant or plaintiff to each Indemnified Party
of  a release from all liability in respect of such Third Party  Action or
(b) involves injunctive relief. After written notice  by the Indemnifying
Party to the Indemnified Party of its  election to assume control of the
defense of any such Third Party  Action, the Indemnifying Party shall not be
liable to such  Indemnified Party hereunder for any legal expenses
subsequently  incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with the
defense  thereof.   8.4 Computation of Claims. All computations of
Claims  and the amount of indemnification to which any indemnified
person  is entitled under this Article Eight shall be made giving
effect  to the tax consequences of any such Claim, and all proceeds
of  insurance recoverable by the exercise of reasonable diligence for  not
more than one year by the indemnified persons with respect to  such Claims,
provided that in the event that such insurance  recovery takes more than one
year, the Indemnified Party shall be  entitled to initiate an
indemnification claim and any subsequent  insurance proceeds shall be paid
to the Indemnifying Party to the  extent of any payments made or expenses
incurred by the  Indemnifying Party.   8.5 Term of Indemnification. The
respective Parties\'  rights to be indemnified pursuant to Article Eight
hereof shall  be limited to Claims presented in writing to the
Indemnifying  Party before the expiration of the period hereinafter set
forth  applicable to the claim: (a) for all Claims other than
those  described in the following clauses (b), (c) and (d) twenty
four  (24) months after the Closing Date, (b) for any Claim for breach  of
representations and warranties under Section 5.2.18 or  pursuant to Section
8.2(e)(v) five years after the Closing Date,  (c) for any claim for breach
of representation and warranties  under Section 5.2.9 ten years after the
Closing Date and (d) for  any Claim brought pursuant to Section 8.1(a),
8.1(c), 8.1(d),  8.2(a), 8.2(c), 8.2(d) or 8.2(e) (other than clause (v)
thereof),  until the expiration of the statute of limitations applicable
to  such Claim .   8.6 Sole Basis For Claims. The Parties agree that
the  provisions of this Article Eight set forth the exclusive remedy  of
the indemnified persons after the Closing with respect to any  Claims
arising under or resulting from any provision of this  Agreement.  
ARTICLE NINE: MISCELLANEOUS   9.1 Expenses. Each of Buyer and Sellers shall
pay its  own expenses incidental to the negotiation, preparation
and  performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and  the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, whether or not  the Closing
occurs, as long. as failure to close is not a breach  of this Agreement.
Buyer shall be responsible for the payment of  the filing fee under the HSR
Act.   9.2 Scope of Liability and Available Remedies.   9.2.1 Joint and
Several Liability. Each of  Sellers shall be deemed to have made jointly and
severally each  and all of Sellers\' representations, warranties,
covenants,  undertakings and agreements in this Agreement or any
agreement  referenced herein, and Sellers shall be liable jointly
and  severally for all Claims arising from any actual or asserted  breach
thereof.   9.2.2 Joint and Several Liability. Each Buyer  shall be deemed
to have made jointly and severally each and all  of Buyer\'s
representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings  and agreements in this
Agreement or any agreement referenced  herein, and each Buyer shall be
liable jointly and severally for  all Claims arising from any actual or
asserted breach thereof.   9.2.3 Certain Damages Waived. EXCEPT
WITH  RESPECT TO RIGHTS OF INDEMNIFICATION IN REGARD TO AWARDS
MADE  PURSUANT TO THIRD PARTY ACTIONS, NEITHER SELLERS ON ONE HAND
NOR  BUYER ON THE OTHER HAND SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR
ANY  CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS  AGREEMENT
OR ANY AGREEMENT REFERENCED IN THIS AGREEMENT, OR A  PARTY\'S ACTIONS OR
FAILURE TO ACT RELATED THERETO, ANY OTHER  PROVISION TO THE CONTRARY
NOTWITHSTANDING.   9.3 Arbitration.   9.3.1 Conference. The Parties shall
attempt  in good faith to resolve by agreement any dispute relating
to  this Agreement or the agreements referenced herein or any
alleged  breach hereof or thereof (except those to which the
arbitration  provisions in Section 2.3 apply and any claim or
dispute  regarding a covenant not to compete including the
enforceability  thereof), including any issue as to whether this Section
9.3  applies (but not the issue whether this Section 9.3 applies to
a  claim or dispute regarding any covenant not to compete), which  shall
be submitted for resolution to an authorized officer of  Cooper and an
authorized representative of the Sellers involved  in the claim or dispute
(each such officer and representative  being fully empowered to settle the
claim or dispute on behalf of  all of Buyer and Sellers), all of whom shall
meet within 15  business days of such submission to seek in good faith
an  amicable settlement.   9.3.2 General. Any dispute relating to
this  Agreement which is not settled by the Parties within 60 days  after
written notice of the claim is first given by either Party  to the other
pursuant to Section 9.3.1 shall be settled by  arbitration in accordance
within the commercial arbitration rules  of the American Arbitration
Association ("AAA") and the  Guidelines for Expediting Larger, Complex
Commercial Arbitrations  of the AAA, and judgment upon the award rendered by
the  Arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over  it.
The arbitration proceeding, including the rendering of an  award, shall take
place in Chicago, Illinois and shall be  administered by the AAA.   9.3.3
Appointment of Tribunal. Except as  otherwise provided in Sections 2.3, 2.4,
and 2.5 hereof, the  arbitral tribunal shall be appointed within thirty (30)
days of  the notice of the dispute and shall consist of three
(3)  arbitrators, one of whom shall be appointed by Sellers, one by  Buyer
and the third by both Sellers and Buyer jointly; provided,  however, if
Sellers and Buyer do not select the third arbitrator  within such thirty-day
period, such arbitrator shall be chosen by  the AAA as soon as practicable
following notice to the AAA by the  Parties of their inability to choose
such third arbitrator.   9.3.4 Final and Binding. The award of any  such
arbitral tribunal shall be final and binding upon the  Parties to the
arbitration. The Parties hereby waive to the  extent permitted by law any
rights to appeal or to review of such  award by any court or tribunal.
Judgment upon such award may be  entered by the prevailing Party in any
court having jurisdiction.   9.3.5 Award. Subject to the provisions
of  Sections 8.6 and 9.2 hereof, the award of the arbitral tribunal  may
be alternatively or cumulatively for monetary damages, an  order requiring
the performance of non-mandatory obligations  (including specific
performance) or any other appropriate order  or remedy, including without
limitation, injunction and specific  performance. The arbitral tribunal may
issue interim awards and  order any provisional measures which should be
taken to preserve  the respective rights of either Party which may be
enforced in  any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction.   9.3.6 Cost
of Proceedings. The cost of the  arbitration proceeding, including
reasonable attorney\'s and  experts\' fees and expenses for both Parties, if
there are any,  shall be paid by the non-prevailing Party, unless
otherwise  determined by the arbitral tribunal.   9.3.7 Agents. Each
Seller appoints SIAL  (including any successor thereof upon written notice
to Buyer,  "Sellers\' Agent") as its agent to receive on its behalf
service  of copies of any notice of dispute, complaint, summons or
any  other process that might be served in any action or proceeding
or  entering of judgment arising out of or relating to this  Agreement.
Buyer may make service on any Seller by sending or  delivering a copy of the
process (i) to the Party to be served at  the address and in the manner
provided for the giving of notices  in Section 9.4 or (ii) to the Party to
be served in care of the  Sellers\' Agent at the address and in the manner
provided for the  giving of notices in Section 9.4 with a copy to the
applicable  Seller or Sellers. Each Buyer appoints Cooper (including
any  successor thereof upon written notice to Sellers, "Buyer\'s  Agent")
as its agent to receive on its behalf service of copies  of any notice of
dispute, complaint, summons or any other process  that might be served in
any action or proceeding or entering of  judgment arising out of or relating
to this Agreement. Sellers  may make service on any Buyer by sending or
delivering a copy of  the process (i) to the Party to be served at the
address and in  the manner provided for the giving of notices in Section 9.4
or  (ii) to the Party to be served in care of the Buyer\'s Agent at  the
address and in the manner provided for the giving of notices  in Section 9.4
with a copy to the applicable Buyer or Buyers.  Nothing in this Section
9.3.7, however, shall affect the right of  any Party to bring any such
action or proceeding or entering of  judgment in any other court or to serve
legal process in any  other manner permitted by law or at equity. Each Party
agrees  that a final judgment in any action or proceeding so
brought  shall be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the
judgment  or in any other manner provided by law or at equity.   9.4
Notices. Any notices or other communications  required or permitted
hereunder shall be given in writing and  shall be sufficiently given if
delivered personally or sent by  confirmed facsimile, or registered mail or
certified mail, return  receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as
follows:   To Buyer or Buyer\'s Agent: Cooper Industries, Inc.  600 Travis,
Suite 5800  Houston, Texas 77002  Attention: General Counsel  Facsimile:
(713) 209-8989    To Sellers or Sellers\' Agent: Sigma-Aldrich
Corporation  3050 Spruce Street  St. Louis, Missouri 63103  Attention:
Michael R. Hogan  Facsimile: (314) 286-7878  with copies to:   For
Sellers: Bryan Cave LLP  One Metropolitan Square  Suite 3600  St. Louis,
Missouri 63102  Attention: Don G. Lents  Facsimile: (314) 259-2020   or
to such other address as shall hereafter be furnished in  writing by any
Party in the aforesaid manner, and any such notice  or communication shall
be deemed to have been given as of the  date so delivered or 3 days after
the date mailed as provided  above.   9.5 Captions. The captions set forth
in this  Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be considered
as  part of this Agreement, nor as in any way limiting or amplifying  the
terms and provisions hereof.   9.6 Successors and Assigns; Other Parties.
This  Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the  Parties and their respective successors and assigns, provided  that
this Agreement may not be assigned by either Party without  the prior
written consent of the other Party; provided, however,  that Buyer may (i)
assign any or all of its rights and interests  hereunder to one or more of
its affiliates and (ii) designate one  or more of its affiliates to perform
its obligations hereunder.  No assignment (including without limitation any
such assignment  by Buyer) shall relieve a Party of any of its
obligations  hereunder without the prior written consent of the other
Party.  Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall
be  construed to confer upon or give to any person or entity, other  than
the Parties and their respective successors and assigns  (permitted
successors and assigns in the case of Sellers), any  rights or remedies
under or by reason of this Agreement. Any  assignment requiring consent that
is made without such consent  shall be void.   9.7 Entire Agreement.
Except for the Confidentiality  Agreement dated December 6, 1999 between the
Parties, as amended  or supplemented, which Confidentiality Agreement shall
remain in  full force and effect until Closing at which point it
shall  expire, this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements (together  with
the Exhibits and Schedules hereto and thereto) supersede any  other
agreement, commitment, arrangement or understanding of any  sort whatever,
whether written or oral, that may have been made  or entered into by any of
the Parties (or by any director,  officer, employee or representative of
such Parties or their  affiliates) relating to the sale and purchase of the
B-Line  Business. The Confidentiality Agreement, this Agreement,
the  Ancillary Agreements and the Exhibits and Schedules hereto
and  thereto constitute the entire agreement by and between the  Parties
relating to the sale and purchase of the B-Line Business  and there are no
agreements, commitments, arrangements or  understandings except as expressly
set forth herein.   9.8 Construction. Both Parties have participated
in  the drafting of this entire Agreement and expressly acknowledge  such
joint participation to avoid application of any rule  construing contractual
language against the Party which drafted  the language. The word "including"
shall mean including without  limitation. Any Exhibits, Certificates and
Schedules identified  in this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference
and made a  part hereof.   9.9 Time of Essence. Time shall be of the
essence  with respect to each Party\'s performance of its
obligations  pursuant to this Agreement.   9.10 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated as  follows:   (a) Cooper and SIAL, on behalf
of all Sellers,  may terminate this Agreement by mutual written consent at
any  time prior to the Closing;   (b) Cooper on behalf of Buyer may
terminate this  Agreement by giving written notice to Seller\'s Agent on
behalf of  all Sellers at any time prior to the Closing (i) in the event
any  of Sellers has breached any representation, warranty, or
covenant  contained in this Agreement in any material respect, Buyer
has  notified Sellers\' Agent in writing of the breach, and the
breach  has continued without cure for a period of 30 days after
the  notice of breach or (ii) if the Closing shall not have occurred  on
or before September 30, 2000, by reason of the failure of any  condition
precedent under Section 3.2 hereof (unless the failure  results primarily
from Buyer itself breaching any representation,  warranty, or covenant
contained in this Agreement); and   (c) SIAL on behalf of all Sellers may
terminate  this Agreement by giving written notice to Buyer\'s Agent at
any  time prior to the Closing (i) in the event Buyer has breached
any  representation, warranty, or covenant contained in this Agreement  in
any material respect, any of Sellers has notified Buyer\'s  Agent in writing
of the breach, and the breach has continued  without cure for a period of 30
days after the notice of breach  or (ii) if the Closing shall not have
occurred on or before  September 30, 2000, by reason of the failure of any
condition  precedent under Section 3.1 hereof (unless the failure
results  primarily from any of Sellers themselves breaching
any  representation, warranty, or covenant contained in
this  Agreement).  Termination by any Seller shall be exercised only by
Seller\'s  Agent acting on behalf of all Sellers. Termination by any
Buyer  shall be exercised only by Buyer\'s Agent acting on behalf of
all  Buyers. A Party\'s exercise of its rights of termination  hereunder
shall terminate all rights and obligations of the  Parties except the right
of any party to recover damages from any  other Party for any breach by such
other Party of this Agreement.   9.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in  two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but  which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
It  shall not be necessary for every Party hereto to sign
each  counterpart but only that each Party shall sign at least one
such  counterpart.   9.12 Governing Law. This Agreement shall in
all  respects be governed by and construed in accordance with the  local
laws of the State of Missouri, without reference to its  principles of
choice or conflict of law.   9.13 Modification; Waiver. No modification of
or  amendment to this Agreement shall be valid unless in a writing  signed
by the Parties referring specifically to this Agreement  and stating the
Parties\' intention to modify or amend the same.  Any waiver of any term or
condition of this Agreement must be in  a writing signed by the Party sought
to be charged with such  waiver referring specifically to the term or
condition to be  waived, and no such waiver shall be deemed to constitute
the  waiver of any other breach of the same or of any other term
or  condition of this Agreement.   9.14 Severability. The invalidity or
unenforceability  of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not
affect  the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof.  
THIS CONTRACT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION  WHICH MAY BE
ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES.     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Sellers and Buyer, by
their duly  authorized officers, have caused this Agreement to be executed
as  of the date first above written.      COOPER INDUSTRIES, INC.
SIGMA-ALDRICH CORPORATION  By: \\\c\\\ Diane K Schumacher By: \\\c\\\
Michael R. Hogan  Name: Diane K. Schumacher Name: Michael R. Hogan Title:
Senior Vice President, Title: Chief Financial Officer General Counsel
and Secretary   SIGMA-ALDRICH CANADA LTD. SIGMA-ALDRICH CO.  By: \\\c\\\
Michael R. Hogan By: \\\c\\\ Michael R. Hogan Name: Michael R. Hogan Name:
Michael R. Hogan Title: Authorized Signatory Title: Authorized
Signatory   SIGMA-ALDRICH COMPANY LTD. SIGMA-ALDRICH CHEMIE GMBH    By:
\\\c\\\ Michael R. Hogan By: \\\c\\\ Michael R. Hogan Name: Michael R. Hogan
Name: Michael R. Hogan Title: Authorized Signatory Title: Authorized
Signatory  CBL ACQUISITION CORP. COOPER TECHNOLOGIES COMPANY By: \\\c\\\
Diane K Schumacher By: \\\c\\\ James R. Deen Name: Diane K. Schumacher Name:
James R. Deen Title: President Title: General Counsel      GLOSSARY
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS Term Page Term Page  ~~  AAA 67 Laws 24 Accounting
Arbitrator 7 Liens 27 ACM 40 Long Term Debt 5 Adjusted Consolidated
Manufacturing Stock 2  Valuation 6 multiemployer plan 36 Adjusted Purchase
Price 6 Occurrence 50 Agreement 1 Operating Companies 18 Ancillary
Agreements 18 Other Taxes 34 Arbitration Deadline 7 Owned Properties
28 Assets 3 Parties 1 Assumed Liabilities 4 Party 1 Authority 24 PBGC
36 Basket 63 Permits 24 Bill of Sale 15 Permitted Liens 28 B-Line 2 Plans
36 B-Line Business 1 Pre-Closing Product Claims 4 B-Line Manufacturing 2
Pre-Closing Tax Period 54 B-Line Stock 2 Preliminary Consolidated Buyer 1
Valuation 6 Buyer\'s Letter 7 Preliminary Purchase Price6 Canada B-Line
Business Assets2 Release 40 Cap 63 Released 40 Claim 61 Requesting Party
51 Closing 14 SAC 1 Closing Date 14 SAC B-Line Business Assets 2 Code 10
Scheduled Contracts 35 Current B-Line Insurance 42 Scheduled Intangibles
30 Current Employees 57 Section 338(h)(10) Election Effective Time 14
10 Employee 57 Seller Group 53 employee benefit plan 36 Sellers 1 employee
pension plan 36 Sellers\' Agent 68, 69 employee welfare plan 36 Sellers\'
Letter 7 Employees 57 Settlement 9 Environment 38 Shares 10 Environmental
Laws 38 SIAL 1 Environmental Liabilities 26 Sigma Canada 1 Environmental
Permits 40 Sigma Germany 1 ERISA 36 Sigma UK 1 Excluded Assets 3 Tax
34 Financial Statements 20 Taxes 34 GAAP 20 Third Party Action 64 General
Assignment and Transfer Taxes 56  Assumption 14 UK B-Line Business Assets
3 Germany B-Line Business Assets WARN 60  3 Hazardous Substances 39 HSR
Act 53 Income Tax Asset 53 Income Taxes 34 Indemnified Party
63 Indemnifying Party 64 Intangibles 30 knowledge 16       LIST OF
SCHEDULES  ~~  1.1(c) SAC B-Line Business Assets 1.2(f) Long Term Debt
Assumed (IRB) 2.2(a) Preliminary and Adjusted Consolidated Valuation 2.2(b)
Preliminary Consolidated Valuation 3.2.8 Assigned Leases 4.3 Wiring
Instructions 5.1 Knowledge Persons 5.2.2(d) Certain Securities 5.2.3(a)
Unaudited Financial Statements 5.2.3(b) Audited Financial Statements 5.2.4
Absence of Changes 5.2.5 Compliance with Law; Licenses and Permits 5.2.6(a)
Litigation and Related Matters 5.2.6(b) Product Sale Terms 5.2.7 Title to
Property - Owned 5.2.8 Personal Property - Leased 5.2.9 Owned
Properties 5.2.10 Real Property - Leased 5.2.11(a) Patents, Trademarks and
Other Intellectual Property  (Intangibles) 5.2.11(b) Exceptions to
Rights 5.2.12 Taxes 5.2.13 Contracts 5.2.14 Labor Relations 5.2.15(a)
Employee Benefit Plans 5.2.17 Inventory 5.2.18 Environmental Matters 5.2.19
Transactions with Affiliated Persons 5.2.21 Shared Facilities, Etc. 5.2.25
Current B-Line Insurance 5.3.5 Buyer\'s Knowledge 6.1.1 Interim Operation of
B-Line Business 6.1.8 Certain Intercompany Agreements 7.1(a) Employees of
Operating Companies 7.3(b) Benefits Payable by Buyer 7.4 Terminated
Employees of Operating Companies     Schedule 2.2(a)  Determination of
Preliminary and Adjusted Consolidated Valuation  1. The Preliminary
Consolidation Valuation has been and the  Adjusted Consolidated Valuation
shall be prepared in accordance  with the provisions of this Schedule
2.2(a). In the event of a  conflict or inconsistency (i) between this
Schedule and the  remainder of the Agreement, this Schedule shall take
precedence,  (ii) between Paragraphs 1.1 or 1.2 and 1.3 of this
Schedule,  Paragraph 1.3 of this Schedule shall take precedence
over  Paragraphs 1.1 and 1.2 of this Schedule, and (iii)
between  Paragraphs 1.1 and 1.2 of this Schedule, Paragraph 1.2 of
this  Schedule shall take precedence over Paragraph 1.1 of
this  Schedule.   1.1. The Preliminary Consolidation Valuation has been
and  the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation shall be, except as provided  in
Paragraph 1.2 and 1.3, prepared in accordance with principles,  practices
and procedures which are the same as those which were  applied in preparing
the Audited Financial Statements, and as to  assets or liabilities of a kind
or type that were not included in  the Audited Financial Statements, in
accordance with normal  principles, practices and procedures of the B-Line
Business  regarding similar assets or liabilities.   1.2. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Paragraph  1.1, if any of the principles,
practices or procedures required  by Paragraph 1.1 produces asset or
liability amounts which are  not in compliance with GAAP, the Preliminary
Consolidation  Valuation does and the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation
shall  reflect an adjustment necessary to produce asset or
liability  amounts which are in compliance with GAAP.   1.3.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Paragraphs  1.1 or 1.2, the
following specific accounting rules controlled  the preparation of the
Preliminary Consolidated Valuation and  shall control the preparation of the
Adjusted Consolidated  Valuation:   1.3.1. The Preliminary Consolidated
Valuation does  not and the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation will not include
any  assets or liabilities for deferred Income Taxes.   1.3.2. The
quantities of inventory used to determine  the inventory amount to be
included in the Adjusted Consolidated  Valuation will be based on the
results of a physical inventory to  be taken immediately after the Closing
Date. Such physical  inventory shall not include consignment locations (as
to which  inventory shall be verified by solicitation of
written  confirmation from the consignee). Such physical inventory
shall  be taken by Buyer\'s employees or representatives, at
Buyer\'s  expense. To facilitate this physical inventory count
employees  of the B-Line Business shall perform customary pre-counts
and  other preparation prior to the Closing Date. Sellers shall have  the
right to have their employees or representatives observe such  physical
inventory. Inventory will be revalued prior to the  Closing Date as a result
of updating standard costs in a manner  consistent with past practices of
the B-Line Business; provided,  however, that in no event will such
revaluation exceed $1 million  for purposes of the Adjusted Consolidated
Valuation. Obsolete  inventory reserves shall be determined using the normal
practice  of the B-Line Business (pursuant to which the reserve for
"C"  item inventory is valued at 13 1/2% of the standard cost of
such  inventory items and the reserve for "D" Item inventory is valued  at
90% of the standard cost of such inventory items); provided  that the
obsolete inventory reserve will not be reduced from the  amount of such
reserve as reflected on the Audited Financial  Statements as of December 31,
1999. Excess inventory  adjustments, if any, shall be determined in
accordance with the  following schedule (for purposes of which "Base Units"
of any  item of inventory shall be the quantities of such items used
or  sold during the preceding 12 months):     Items for which inventory
is equal to  or less than 1.5 times Base Units No adjustment     Items
for which inventory  is greater than 1.5 Base Units, but  equal to or less
than 2.0 times  Base Units Such inventory items  will be valued at 50%  of
standard cost    Items for which inventory is  greater than 2.0 times Base
Units Such inventory items  will be valued at 0%  of standard cost   
There will be no adjustment for new products introduced  during the preceding
12 months, or for custom inventory  which is being made to satisfy a specific
customer  order.   1.3.3. The Preliminary Consolidation Valuation
does  not and the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation will not include
any  amount payable to or receivable from any Seller or any affiliate  of
any Seller.   1.3.4. The Adjusted Consolidated Valuation will  reflect the
results of a fixed asset physical existence test of  tangible fixed assets
with a net book value greater than $20,000  to be conducted immediately
following Closing. Intangibles  capitalized as fixed assets will not be
included in such physical  existence test, but to the extent they represent
new assets  recorded since December 31, 1999 with a net book value
greater  than $20,000 or assets the net book value of which increased
by  more than $20,000 since such date, their existence shall be  confirmed
by review of the applicable supporting documentation.  The net book value of
fixed assets greater than $20,000 which  cannot be physically located or so
confirmed will be excluded  from the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation. Such
fixed asset  physical existence and confirmation tests shall be conducted
by  employees or representatives of the Buyer and at its expense.  Sellers
shall have the right to have their employees or  representatives observe
such test. In the event any assets so  excluded are subsequently physically
located or so confirmed  within 12 months following Closing, the net book
value thereof  plus interest calculated as provided in Section 2.4 of
the  Agreement shall be paid to Seller.   1.3.5. The Preliminary
Consolidated Valuation does  not and the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation
will not include any  liabilities or assets with respect to legal,
accounting, tax or  investment banking fees incurred by Sellers in
connection with  the transaction provided for the Agreement.   1.3.6. The
Adjusted Consolidated Valuation will not  include any prepaid expenses,
deposits or deferred charges that  are not recoverable in cash or do not
provide a direct and  measurable benefit to Buyer.   1.3.7 The Preliminary
Consolidated Valuation does  not and the Adjusted Consolidated Valuation
will not include  accounts payable which represent checks written on bank
accounts  not included in the Assets.   1.3.8 In the Adjusted Consolidated
Valuation, the  following accruals will not be decreased from the
amounts  included in the Preliminary Consolidated Valuation except to
the  extent of amounts paid in cash to third parties between January  1,
2000 and the Effective Time:   Wages and Vacation  Salesmen Bonus  Real
Estate Taxes  Sales Incentive Credits  Commissions  Fringes and Other
Accruals  Allowance for Bad Debt  Reserve for Credit Memos   1.3.9 The
Adjusted Consolidated Valuation shall  include an accrual for the retiree
welfare benefits liability,  responsibility for which is being assumed by
Buyer as provided in  Section 7.2(b). Such accrual shall equal the
aggregate  actuarially determined accrual for such benefits allocable to
the  Current Employees who became employees of Buyer following
the  Effective Time (other than any such Current Employees whose  benefits
Sellers have retained responsibility for as provided in  Section 7.2(b)), as
reflected on the books of SIAL as of  December 31, 1999 in accordance with
FAS 107.   1.3.10 To the extent not covered by this
proceeding  subsections of this Section 1.3, the Preliminary
Consolidated  Valuation does not and the Adjusted Consolidation Valuation
will  not include any Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities.     '

