<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit2-18k031704.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                     Exhibit 2.1



                              ACQUISITION AGREEMENT


         Agreement  dated  March 5, 2004,  by,  between  and among  Bio-American
Capital   Corporation,   a  company   incorporated  under  the  laws  of  Nevada
(hereinafter  referred to as "Buyer") an OTC - BB - NASDAQ  company and Georgina
Martin,  being  the sole  shareholder  of  Cheetah  Oil & Gas  Ltd.,  a  company
incorporated  under  the  laws  of the  Province  of  British  Columbia,  Canada
(hereinafter the shareholder  referred to as the "Seller," and Cheetah Oil & Gas
Ltd., hereinafter referred to as "Cheetah") having an address for service at Box
172, Station A, Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada V9R 5K9.

         WHEREAS,  Cheetah  carries on a  business  in the  Province  of British
Columbia,  Canada and elsewhere in Papua, New Guinea and in connection therewith
owns certain  exploration and production rights for petroleum natural resources;
and

         WHEREAS,  the Seller  desires to sell and Buyer desires to purchase all
the issued and outstanding equity securities of Cheetah held by the Seller.

         NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants,  agreements,
representations  and warranties  herein  contained,  the parties hereby agree as
follows:

         1.     PURCHASE AND SALE

         The Seller hereby agrees to sell, transfer,  assign and convey to Buyer
and Buyer  hereby  agrees to purchase and acquire from the Seller all the issued
and outstanding  equity securities held by the Seller of Cheetah,  being all the
issued and outstanding capital thereof, as enumerated on Schedule A hereto.

         2.     PURCHASE PRICE

         The  consideration  to be paid by Buyer for the  equity  securities  of
Cheetah owned by the Seller will be an aggregate of 25,000,000  shares of common
stock  Buyer,  to be paid to the  Seller  as set  forth  on  Schedule  B to this
Agreement.

         3.     CLOSING

                (a)   The Closing for the  acquisition of the equity  securities
of Cheetah to be purchased  hereunder  pursuant to the Agreement ("the Closing")
shall be held at a date and time agreed to by the parties in writing on two days
written notice.

                (b)   At the  Closing,  the  Seller  will  deliver to the Buyer,
certificates  representing the equity  securities of Cheetah of which the Seller
is the holder,  duly  endorsed in blank,  in suitable  form for  transfer to the
Buyer.


<PAGE>

         4.     WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF THE COMPANY AND SELLERS

         In order to induce Buyer to enter into this Agreement and to complete
the transaction contemplated hereby, the Seller warrants and represents to Buyer
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing date:

                (a)   Capacity.  The Seller is a natural person.  The Seller has
the legal capacity to enter into this  Agreement and carry out the  transactions
contemplated  hereby. The execution delivery and satisfaction of its obligations
under this Agreement by the Seller will not constitute a breach by the Seller of
any statute,  law, regulation,  agreement or order to which the Seller is or may
be bound or would  result  in the  creation  of any lien,  encumbrance  or other
change on any of the securities being sold hereunder.

                (b)   Title.  The  Seller has good and  marketable  title to the
securities  of  Cheetah  being  sold to  Buyer,  free and  clear  of all  liens,
encumbrances and other charges,  and upon the purchase thereof,  Buyer will have
good and marketable title thereto, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and
other charges.

                (c)   Shares. The securities listed on Schedule A as being owned
by the  Seller,  represent  all the equity  securities  of every kind issued and
outstanding of Cheetah, and there are no options,  warrants or other exercisable
or convertible  securities of Cheetah issued and outstanding which may result in
the issuance of any equity securities of Cheetah.  Cheetah has no commitments to
issue any equity securities. The acquisition of the securities of Cheetah listed
on  Schedule  A will  result  in the  Buyer  owning  Cheetah  as a wholly  owned
subsidiary.

                (d)   Organization  and Standing.  Cheetah is a corporation duty
organized  validly  existing and in good standing under the laws of the Province
of British Columbia,  Canada, and is qualified to do business in the Province of
British  Columbia,  Canada and elsewhere,  to the extent required by the laws of
the Province.  Copies of the Cheetah  Articles of  Organization  and  Memorandum
(by-laws)  have been received by Buyer and no changes  thereto have been made to
any of the documents.

                (e)   Taxes.  Cheetah  has or  will  have  filed  all  necessary
federal,  provincial,  state and local  income or other tax  returns and reports
that it is required to file with all governmental  agencies,  wherever  situate,
and has paid or accrued for payment all taxes as shown on such returns,  which a
failure  to file,  pay or  accrue  will not have a  Material  Adverse  Effect on
Cheetah.  Such returns to be prepared in accordance with the applicable material
tax laws, rules and regulations thereunder to which Cheetah is subject.

                (f)   No Pending  Actions.  To the best knowledge of the Seller,
there are no material legal actions,  lawsuits,  proceedings or  investigations,
either administrative or judicial,  pending or threatened,  against or affecting
the Seller or Cheetah, or against Cheetah's officers or directors arising out of
the operations of Cheetah that are reasonably  likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Cheetah.  The Seller and  Cheetah are not subject to any order,  writ,
judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any court, arbitrator or
administrative, governmental or regulatory authority or body.


                                       2
<PAGE>

                (g)   Ownership  of Assets.  As described in Schedule C, Cheetah
has good,  marketable  title,  without any liens or  encumbrances  of any nature
whatever, to all of the following,  if any: its Intellectual Property,  business
assets, properties and rights of every type and description,  including, without
limitation,  all cash on hand and in banks,  certificates  of  deposit,  stocks,
bonds, and other  securities,  good will,  customer list, its corporate name and
all  variants  thereof,  trademarks  and trade  names,  copyrights  and interest
thereunder,   licenses  and  permits  an  applications   therefor,   inventions,
processes,  know-how,  trade  secrets,  real  estate and  interest  therein  and
improvements  thereto,  machinery,   equipment,  vehicles,  notes  and  accounts
receivables,  fixtures,  rights under agreements and whatever nature, rights and
claims under insurance  policies and other contracts of whatever nature,  rights
in  receivables,  books and records and all other  property  and rights of every
kind and nature owned or held by the Seller as of this date,  and will  continue
to hold such title on and after the completion of the transactions  contemplated
by the Agreement.

                (h)   No Debt Owed. Cheetah does not owe any money,  securities,
or  property  to the  Seller  or any  member  of her  family  or to any  company
controlled by such a person,  directly or indirectly.  The Seller and members of
her family and companies  controlled by the Seller do not directly or indirectly
owe any money, securities or other property to Cheetah.

                (i)   Validity of the  Agreement.  This  Agreement has been duly
executed by the Seller,  and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the
Seller, except to the extent limited by applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,
insolvency,  moratorium  or other laws  relating to or effecting  generally  the
enforcement  of creditors  rights.  The  execution and delivery of the Agreement
referred to herein will not result, or with the passage of time or notice,  will
not result,  in the breach of any of the terms or conditions of, or constitute a
default under or violate the Cheetah's Articles of Organization, or any material
agreement,  lease, license, mortgage, bond, indenture or other material document
or  undertaking,  oral or written,  to which the Seller or Cheetah is a party or
are bound,  nor will such  execution  and  delivery  violate  any  order,  writ,
injunction,  decree, law, rule or regulation of any court,  regulatory agency or
other  governmental  body to which the Seller or Cheetah is a party or is bound;
and there are no  restrictions  which would prevent  Cheetah from conducting its
business after the Closing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Buyer.

                (j)   Corporate  Records.  All of  Cheetah's  books and records,
including,  without  limitation,  its books of account,  corporate records,  and
other records of Cheetah are  up-to-date,  complete and reflect  accurately  and
fairly the conduct of its  business in all material  respects  since its date of
formation. All material reports, returns and statements currently required to be
filed by Cheetah,  with respect to the business and operations of Cheetah,  with
any  governmental  agency have been filed or valid extensions have been obtained
in  accordance  with  normal   procedures,   and  all   governmental   reporting
requirements have been complied with.


                                       3
<PAGE>

                (k)   No  Misleading  Statements  or  Omissions.  The Seller has
provided  to Buyer  audited  financial  statements  of Cheetah  consisting  of a
balance  sheet as at January 31, 2003 and the  statements of income and retained
earnings and cash flows for the four-day  period then ended for  Universal  Data
Corp. and an audited balance sheet of Cheetah  (formerly,  Universal Data Corp.)
as at January 31, 2004 and the  statements  of income and retained  earnings and
cash  flows  for the year  then  ended.  These  financial  statements  have been
prepared  in  accordance   with  generally   accepted   accounting   principals,
consistently  applied.  Neither  this  Agreement  nor any  financial  statement,
exhibit,  schedule or document  attached  hereto or  presented  by the Seller in
connection herewith,  contain any materially misleading  statement,  or omit any
fact or  statement  necessary to make the other  statements  or facts herein set
forth not materially misleading.

                (l)   Enforceability  of the  Agreement.  This Agreement and the
Schedules hereto which are incorporated herein and made a part hereof, when duly
executed and delivered,  will be the legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Seller  enforceable  according to their terms,  except to the extent  limited by
applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,  insolvency,  moratorium  or other laws
relating to or effecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights.

                (m)   Access to Books and Records. Buyer will have full and free
access  to  Cheetah's  books  during  the  course of this  transaction  prior to
Closing, during regular business hours.

                (n)   Significant Agreements. At the date of Closing, Cheetah is
not and will not be bound by any of the following agreements:

                      (i)   employment,   advisory  or   consulting   contracts;
(except those disclosed);

                      (ii)  any plan  providing  for  employee  benefits  of any
nature;

                      (iii) any lease with  respect to any property or equipment
other than the leases granted by the Minister of Petroleum and Energy for Papua,
New Guinea;

                      (iv)  any   contract   or   commitment   for  any   future
expenditure in excess of $1,000 other than the leases granted by the Minister of
Petroleum and Energy for Papua, New Guinea;

                      (v)   any contract or commitment  pursuant to which it has
assumed, guaranteed,  endorsed, or otherwise become liable for any obligation of
any other  person,  firm or  organization  other than the leases  granted by the
Minister of Petroleum and Energy for Papua, New Guinea;


                                       4
<PAGE>

                      (vi)  any contract, agreement,  understanding,  commitment
or arrangement, other than in the normal course of business, not fully disclosed
or set forth in the Agreement or in the seller's Financial Statements; or

                      (vii) any  agreement  with  any  person  relating  to  the
dividend,  purchase  or sale of  securities,  that has not been  settled  by the
delivery or payment of securities when due, and which remains unsettled upon the
date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

                (o)   The Seller is an accredited  investor and is accepting the
shares to be issued by Buyer as  "restricted  stock" as that term is  defined in
Regulation D under the Securities  Act of 1933.  The Seller is a  knowledgeable,
sophisticated  and  experienced   investor  and  is  qualified  to  evaluate  an
investment in the Buyer.  The Seller has received  information  about the Buyer,
including various SEC filings including the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the
year ended December 31, 2003, sufficient to make an informed investment decision
in the Buyer.  The Seller is acquiring the securities of Buyer  hereunder in the
ordinary course,  for investment,  and not for distribution and understands they
are restricted from further  transfer and not now registered or in the future to
be registered.  The Seller understands that she will have to hold the securities
received  from  Buyer for at least a year  prior to their  being able to sell or
transfer  them,   except  in  very  limited   circumstances.   The  certificates
representing these securities will bear a restrictive legend.

         There are no  representations  and  warranties  provided by the Seller,
except as set forth above.

         5.     WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF BUYER

         In order to induce  the  Seller to enter  into  this  Agreement  and to
complete the transaction  contemplated  hereby, Buyer warrants and represents to
the Seller that:

                (a)   Organization  and Standing.  Buyer is a  corporation  duly
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Nevada, and has full power and authority to own and operate assets,  properties,
intellectual  properties and business. No changes thereto will be made in any of
the documents at or before Closing.

                (b)   Capitalization.

                      (i)   As of  the  date  hereof,  Buyer  entire  authorized
equity capital  consisting of 50,000,000  shares of common stock of which 19,682
shares of common stock are issued and  outstanding.  All of such Buyer's  common
stock issued and outstanding at the Closing have been duly  authorized,  validly
issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, have no preemptive rights and were
issued in compliance  with all Federal and state  securities  laws. The relative
rights  and  preferences  of Buyer  equity  securities  are set forth in Buyer's
certificate of  incorporation  and Buyer's  by-laws and any amendments  thereto.
There are no other voting or equity securities convertible into voting stock and
no outstanding  subscriptions,  warrants, calls, options, rights, commitments or
agreements by which Buyer is bound,  calling for the issuance of any  additional
shares of common  stock or any other  voting  or  equity  security,  except  for
certain  service  agreements  which will require the issuance of up to 3,500,000
shares of common stock over the next fiscal quarter.


                                       5
<PAGE>

                      (ii)  The by-laws of Buyer provide that a simple  majority
of the shares voting at a stockholders' meeting at which a quorum is present may
elect all of the directors of Buyer's.  Cumulative voting is not provided for by
the by-laws or certificate of incorporation of Buyer's.

                (c)   Taxes. Buyer has filed all federal, state and local income
or tax  returns and  reports  that it is required to file with all  governmental
agencies, wherever situate, and has paid all taxes as shown on such returns. All
of such returns have been prepared in accordance  with the  applicable  tax laws
and rules and  regulations  thereunder  to which  Buyer is  subject.  To Buyer's
knowledge,  there is no audit or threat of any audit of any tax  return  for any
period, and Buyer knows of on basis for the assertion of any additional taxes of
any kind.

                (d)   Absence of  Liabilities.  At and as of the  Closing  Date,
Buyer  has  agreed  to be  solely  responsible  for  the  reasonable  legal  and
accounting  fees  incurred by the Seller in  connection  with this  transaction.
Buyer  will  bear no  responsibility  for any other  liabilities  of any kind or
nature, fixed or contingent, except those set forth in Schedule "D."

                (e)   No  Pending  Actions;  Securities  Issuance.  There are no
material  legal  actions,  lawsuits,   proceedings  or  investigations,   either
administrative or judicial,  pending or threatened,  against or affecting Buyer,
or  against  any of Buyer's  officers  or  directors  and  arising  out of their
operation of Buyer that are reasonably  likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Buyer and Buyer has not violated any securities law,  ordinance or regulation
of any kind whatever,  including, but not limited on the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act,
the rules and  regulations of the SEC, or the securities laws and regulations of
any US state.

                (f)   Corporate  Records.  All of  Buyer's  books  and  records,
including without limitation,  its books of account,  corporate records,  minute
book,  stock  certificate  books and other records are up-to-date,  complete and
reflect  accurately  and fairly  the  conduct of its  business  in all  material
respects since its date of incorporation.

                (g)   No  Misleading  Statements  or  Omissions.   Neither  this
Agreement nor any financial  statement,  exhibit,  schedule or document attached
hereto or presented to the Seller in connection herewith contains any materially
misleading statement, or omits any fact or statement necessary to make the other
statements or facts herein set forth not materially misleading.

                (h)   Validity  of  the  Agreement.   All  corporate  and  other
proceedings  required  to be taken by Buyer in order to enter  into and to carry
out this  Agreement have been duly and properly  taken.  This Agreement has been
duly  executed  by Buyer  and  constitutes  a  valid,  binding  and  enforceable
obligation  of Buyer,  except to the extent  limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,
reorganization,  insolvency,  moratorium  or other laws relating to or effecting
generally the  enforcement  of creditors  rights.  The execution and delivery of
this Agreement will not result, or, with the passage of time or notice, will not
result,  in the breach of any of the terms or  conditions  of, or  constitute  a
default under or violate Buyer's certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or any
agreement,  lease,  mortgage,  bond,  indenture,  license or other  document  or
undertaking,  oral or  written,  to  which  Buyer  is a party or is bound or may
affected, nor will such execution,  delivery and carrying out violate any order,
writ,  injunction,  decree,  law, rule or  regulation  of any court,  regulatory
agency or other governmental body.


                                       6
<PAGE>

                (i)   Enforceability  of the  Agreement.  When duly executed and
delivered,  this Agreement and the Exhibits hereto which are incorporated herein
and made a part hereof are legal,  valid,  and enforceable  obligations of Buyer
according to its terms,  except to the extent  limited by applicable  bankruptcy
reorganization,  insolvency,  moratory or other laws  relating  to of  effecting
generally the  enforcement  of creditors  rights,  and that tat the time of such
execution and deliver,  the Seller will have acquired good  marketable  title in
and to the Buyer securities acquired pursuant hereto.

                (j)   Access to Books and Records. The Seller will have full and
free access during  regular  business  hours and on  reasonable  prior notice to
Buyer's books and records during the course of this transaction  prior to and at
the Closing.

                (k)   Buyer's  Financial  Statements.  Buyer  has  provided  the
Seller with its audited financial  statements together with unaudited management
prepared  financial  statements (the "Buyer  Financial  Statements").  The Buyer
Financial  Statements  and the notes hereto are true,  complete and accurate and
fairly present the consolidated  assets,  liabilities and accounting  principles
consistently  applied  throughout the periods involved.  Buyer does not have any
liabilities  or  obligations  of any nature  (absolute,  accrued,  contingent or
otherwise) which were not fully reflected in the Buyer Financial Statements.

                (l)   Buyer's  Financial  Condition.  At the Closing,  and after
consummation of all of the transactions  contemplated hereby, Buyer will have no
material assets or liabilities, not disclosed on its financial statements.

                (m)   Director  and  Stockholder  Approval.  Promptly  upon  the
execution  and delivery of this  Agreement,  but in any event,  on or before the
Closing,  Buyer's  Board of Directors,  and its  shareholders,  if required,  by
meeting or consent, will have approved this Agreement, and all matters set forth
herein as conditions  precedent to the consummation by the Seller of the Closing
hereunder.

                (n)   Consents.  Except as  described  in  Section 8 hereof,  no
consent  of any  person is  necessary  to the  consummation  of the  transaction
contemplated hereby.

                (o)   No  Brokers.  Except  as set  forth in  paragraph  12,  no
broker,  finder or investment  broker is entitled to any brokerage,  finder's or
other fee or commission in connection with any of the transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement.


                                       7
<PAGE>

         There are no  representations  and  warranties  provided  by the Buyer,
except as set for above.

         6.     SURVIVAL OF TERMS

         All of the terms and  conditions of this  Agreement,  together with the
warranties,  representations and covenants contained herein or in any instrument
or document  delivered to or to be delivered  pursuant to this Agreement,  shall
survive the  execution of this  Agreement and the Closing,  notwithstanding  any
investigation  heretofore or hereafter made by or on behalf of any party hereto;
provided,  however,  that (i) the  agreements  and  covenants  set forth in this
Agreement  shall  survive and continue  until all  obligations  set forth herein
shall  have been  performed  and  satisfied;  and (ii) all  representations  and
warranties  shall survive and continue for, and all claims with respect  thereto
shall be made prior to the end of 12 months from the Closing.

         7.     CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING BY THE SELLER

         Each and every obligation of Buyer under this Agreement to be performed
on or before the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction,  on or before the
Closing,  of each of the following  conditions,  unless waived in writing by the
Seller:

                (a)   Representations  and Warranties True. The  representations
and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement and in all  certificates and
other  documents  delivered and to be delivered by Buyer to the Seller  pursuant
hereto or in connection with the  transactions  contemplated  hereby shall be in
all material  respects  true and accurate as of the date when made and at and as
of the Closing as though such representations and warranties were made at and as
of such date;

                (b)   Performance.  Buyer shall have performed and complied with
all  agreements,  obligations  and  conditions  required by this Agreement to be
performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Closing;

                (c)   Board of Director and Shareholder Approval.  Buyer's board
of directors and, if required by law, its  shareholders  shall have approved the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  including the reorganization,  in
the manner required by applicable state law;

                (d)   No Governmental Proceeding or Limitation. No suit, action,
investigation,  inquiry or other  proceeding by any  governmental  body or other
person or legal or administrative;

                (e)   Proceedings.  All  proceedings  to be taken in  connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by Buyer, and all documents
incident  thereto,  shall be  reasonably  satisfactorily  to the  Seller and its
counsel, and the Seller shall have received a true, correct and complete copy of
all such documents as the Seller or its counsel may reasonably  request in order
to  establish  the  consummation  of such  transactions  and the  taking  of all
proceedings in connection therewith;


                                       8
<PAGE>

                (f)   Certificates/Statutory   Declarations.  Buyer  shall  have
furnished  the  Seller  with  such  certificates/statutory  declarations  of its
officers  to  evidence  the  compliance  with the  conditions  set forth in this
Agreement as may be reasonably requested by the Seller.

         8.     CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE CLOSING BY BUYER

         Each and every  obligation  of the Seller  under this  Agreement  to be
performed on or before the Closing shall be subject to the  satisfaction,  on or
before  the  Closing,  of each of the  following  conditions,  unless  waived in
writing by Buyer:

                (a)   Representations  and Warranties True. The  representations
and warranties of the Seller contained in this Agreement and in all certificates
and other  documents  delivered  by the  Seller to Buyer  pursuant  hereto or in
connection with the  transactions  contemplated  hereby shall be in all material
respects true,  completed and accurate as of the date when made and at and as of
the Closing as though such  representation and warranties were made at and as of
such date;

                (b)   Performance.  The Seller shall have performed and complied
with all agreements, obligations and conditions required by this Agreement to be
performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Closing;

                (c)   Assignment of License. The Seller shall have performed and
complied with all  arrangements  to comply with the proper  assignment,  sale or
transfer  of the  property  rights of Cheetah so that Buyer will be able to have
and to hold all the assets of Cheetah,  including the Papua, New Guinea licenses
and operate the business of Cheetah as it is currently being operated;

                (d)   No Governmental Proceeding or Litigation. No suit, action,
investigation,  inquiry or other  proceeding by any  governmental  body or other
person or legal or  administrative  proceeding  shall  have been  instituted  or
threatened  which  challenges  the  validity  or  legality  of the  transactions
contemplated hereby;

                (e)   Proceedings.  All  proceedings  to be taken in  connection
with the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement by the Seller,  and all
documents incident hereto, shall be reasonably  satisfactorily to Buyer and it's
counsel,  and Buyer shall have received a true, correct and complete copy of all
such  documents  as Buyer or it's  counsel  may  reasonably  request in order to
establish  the  consummation  of  such   transactions  and  the  taking  of  all
proceedings in connection herewith; and

                (f)   Certificates/Statutory Declarations. The Seller shall have
furnished  Buyer with such  certificates/statutory  declarations to evidence the
compliance  with the conditions set forth in this Section 8 as may be reasonably
requested by Buyer.


                                       9
<PAGE>

         9.     TERMINATION

         This Agreement may be terminated at any time before or at Closing by:

                (a)   The mutual agreement of the parties;

                (b)   Any party if:

                      (i)   any  provision  of this  Agreement  applicable  to a
party shall be materially untrue or fail to be accomplished;

                      (ii)  any legal  proceeding  shall have been instituted or
shall be imminently  threatening  to delay,  restrain or any material  component
thereof.

         Upon the  termination of this  Agreement for any reason,  in accordance
with the terms and conditions  set forth in this Section,  each party shall bear
all of it's own costs and expenses and no party shall be liable to the other.

         10.    POST CLOSING ITEMS

         Within 20 days after the  Closing,  Buyer shall file as required by the
Securities and Exchange Commission and any state security  regulatory  authority
such forms as are required under applicable federal and state securities laws in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

         11.    ENTIRE AGREEMENT; WAIVER OF BREACH

         Except insofar as such other  agreements are  specifically  referred to
herein or are incorporated herein by reference,  this Agreement  constitutes the
entire  agreement  between the parties and  supersedes  any prior  agreement  or
understanding  among them in respect of the subject matter hereof, and there are
no other  agreements,  written or oral, nor may the Agreement be modified except
in  writing  and  executed  by all of the  parties  hereto;  and no waiver is in
writing,  signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought,  and no waiver
shall be claimed to be a waiver of any subsequent  breach or condition of a like
or different nature.

         12.    NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES

         The provisions of this  Agreement are for the exclusive  benefit of the
parties who are signatories  hereto and their permitted  successors and assigns,
and no third party shall be a beneficiary  or, have any rights by virtue of this
Agreement.

         13.    ASSIGNMENT: BINDING EFFECT

         This Agreement,  including both it's  obligations  and benefits,  shall
inure to the benefit  of, and by binding on the  respective  permitted  assigns,
transferees,  successors  and heirs of the parties.  This  Agreement  may not be
assigned  or  transferred  in whole or on part by any  party  without  the prior
written consent of all other parties.


                                       10
<PAGE>

         14.    MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT

         As used in this Agreement,  "Material Adverse Effect" with respect to a
party means any change in, or effect on, the  business  conducted  by such party
that is, or is reasonably likely to be,  materially  adverse to (i) the business
result of operations,  prospects or conditions  (financial or otherwise) of such
party and it's subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) the assets and properties
used  or  useful  in  the  conduct  of the  business  of  such  party  and  it's
subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole.

         15.    GOVERNING LAW

         This  Agreement  shall be governed by and construed in accordance  with
the  internal  laws of the  State of  Nevada,  determined  with  regard  to it's
conflicts of law  principles.  All parties hereto (i) agree that any legal suit,
action or  proceeding  arising  out of or relating  to this  Agreement  shall be
instituted,  only in a federal or state court in the State of Nevada, (ii) waive
any objection  which may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any
such suit, action or proceeding,  and (iii) irrevocably  submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction  of such  federal or state court in the State of Nevada in any such
suit,  action or  proceeding,  but such consent  shall not  constitute a general
appearance  or be  available  to any  other  person  who is not a party  to this
Agreement.

         16.    COUNTERPARTS

         This  Agreement  may be executed in duplicate  facsimile  counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original and together shall  constitute one and
the same binding  Agreement,  with one counterpart being delivered to each party
hereto.

         17.    SEVERABILITY

         If  any  provisions  of  this  Agreement   shall  be  held  invalid  or
unenforceable,  such  invalidity or  unenforceability  shall attach only to such
provision and shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or  unenforceable
any other  severable  provision of this  Agreement,  and this Agreement shall be
carried out as if any such invalid or unenforceable provision were not contained
herein.

         18.    RESTRICTIVE LEGEND

         Each certificate  representing  shares of Buyer securities being issued
to the  Seller  shall  bear the  following  legend  in  addition  to such  other
restrictive  legends  as may be  required  by law or as  mutually  agreed by all
parties hereto:

         "The shares  represented  by this  certificate  have not been
         registered  under the Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the
         "Act"), or any state securities laws, and no sale or transfer
         thereof may be  effected  without an  effective  registration
         statement   or  an  opinion  of  counsel   for  the   holder,
         satisfactory to Bio-American Capital  Corporation,  that such
         registration is not required under the Act and any applicable
         state securities laws."


                                       11
<PAGE>

         19.    NUMBER AND GENDER

         Wherever from the context it appears  appropriate,  each term stated in
either the singular or the plural shall include the singular and the plural, and
pronouns stated in either the masculine, the feminine or the neuter gender shall
include the masculine, feminine and neuter.

         20.    DEFAULT BY THE PARTIES

         In the  event  that one  party  hereto  is in  material  breach of this
Agreement,  the other party may provide written notice of that breach,  and will
provide a cure period of not less than 30 days.  In the event that the  material
breach  continues  beyond the 30-day cure period,  the other party will have the
right  to  terminate  the  Agreement  by  providing   written   notice  of  said
termination.

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have set their hands and seals
as of the date and year above first written.

 BIO-AMERICAN CAPITAL CORPORATION,
 its authorized signatory


 By: /s/ Ted Kozub
     -------------


 SELLING SHAREHOLDER:



 /S/ Georgina Martin
 -------------------
 GEORGINA MARTIN





                                       12
<PAGE>



                                   SCHEDULE A

                           Selling Shareholders Table



     Shareholder                Class of Shares              Number of Shares
   ---------------              ---------------              ----------------
   Georgina Martin               Common Stock                   100 shares







                                       13
<PAGE>



                                   SCHEDULE B

                            Exchange of Shares Table



                                                         Number of Bio-American
  Cheetah Shareholder      Number of Cheetah Shares       Shares to be Issued
  -------------------      ------------------------      ----------------------
    Georgina Martin             100 shares of              25,000,000 shares
                                Common Stock                of Common Stock







                                       14
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE C

                                Assets of Cheetah
                                -----------------


License  rights  issued by the Minister of Petroleum for Papua,  New Guinea,  as
described in the financial statements of Cheetah.








                                       15
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
